  NORTHUMBRIAN WATER GROUP LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019



        Registered number 04760441




                                       Registered office
                                      Northumbria House
                                            Abbey Road
                                                 Pity Me
                                                Durham
                                               DH1 5FJ
                    ANNUAL REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2019




CONTENTS                                                                          Page
Strategic Report                                                                     3

Directors’ Report                                                                   11

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Northumbrian Water Group Limited     17

Consolidated income statement                                                       24

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income                                      25

Consolidated statement of changes in equity                                         26

Consolidated balance sheet                                                          27

Consolidated cash flow statement                                                    28

Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                      29

Company balance sheet                                                               67

Company statement of changes in equity                                              68

Notes to the Company financial statements                                           69
                                                STRATEGIC REPORT
The Directors of Northumbrian Water Group Limited (NWG or the Company) are pleased to present their Strategic Report
on the affairs of the Group and Company, along with their Directors’ Report, the Independent auditor’s report and the
audited financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2019.

Principal activities

Northumbrian Water Group Limited
NWG owns a number of companies which, together with NWG, form the Group. The emphasis given to Northumbrian
Water Limited (NWL), throughout this report, reflects its importance to the overall performance of the Group, however the
Group’s other operations also deliver a significant contribution to the overall reported performance.

Northumbrian Water Limited
NWL’s principal activities comprise the supply of potable and raw water in both the north east and south east of England
and the collection, treatment and disposal of sewage and sewage sludge in the north east of England.

Water and wastewater contracts
NWG holds investments in a number of companies which hold and operate water and wastewater contracts in Scotland,
the Republic of Ireland and Gibraltar. NWG also controls a farm based anaerobic digestion plant in West Yorkshire,
England.

Cautionary statement
This report contains certain statements with regard to the future operations, performance and financial condition of the
Group. By their nature, these statements involve uncertainty, since future events and circumstances can cause results
and developments to differ materially from those forecast. Such statements reflect knowledge and information available at
the date of preparation of this report and the Company undertakes no obligation to update such statements. Nothing in
this report should be construed as a profit forecast. Certain regulatory performance data contained in this report is subject
to regulatory audit.

Business overview
NWG is the holding company of NWL and a number of other companies, as reported above.

NWL is one of the ten regulated Water and Sewerage Companies (WASCs) in England and Wales, operating in the north
east of England, trading as Northumbrian Water, and in the south east of England, trading as Essex & Suffolk Water. In
the north east, the business comprises the supply of both potable and raw water and the collection, treatment and
disposal of sewage and sewage sludge, serving approximately 2.7 million people. In the south, NWL supplies water
services to approximately 1.5 million people in Essex and approximately 0.3 million in Suffolk.

At the balance sheet date, the Company’s ultimate parent undertaking and controlling party was CK Hutchison Holdings
Limited (CKHH), a company listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

Regulatory and legislative developments
NWL operates within a strict regulatory environment. The Water Services Regulation Authority (Ofwat) regulates prices
and levels of customer service, while the Drinking Water Inspectorate (DWI) monitors drinking water quality and the
Environment Agency (EA) covers environmental protection. NWL’s customers’ interests are represented by the Consumer
Council for Water.

During the year, NWL submitted its business plan to Ofwat for the 2020-2025 price review period. NWL’s plan clearly sets
out the ambition to deliver world class service to customers as well as significant improvements for the environment. The
plan delivers a substantial reduction in bills of 14% to 17% across water and wastewater services.

The plan was accepted by the majority of NWL’s customers (91%) and, while Ofwat did not accept the original plan and
requested NWL to resubmit, based on detailed evidence, it is believed the plan will deliver unrivalled service at an
affordable cost to customers. The plan is focussed around six themes and fourteen ambitious goals that will have a
fundamental impact on the customer experience. Underpinning these goals are a series of stretching performance
commitments that will continue to push NWL’s performance and efficiency frontier.

Business objectives
The vision of the Directors of NWG is for the Group companies to continue to deliver value to customers and other
stakeholders by focussing on their core competencies of water and wastewater management.




                                                                                                                           3
                                        STRATEGIC REPORT (continued)
Performance measures
NWL uses a balanced scorecard of Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), reflecting its strategic themes. These are internal
measures set at stretching levels so as to drive year on year performance improvements on a path to deliver its ‘national
leader’ vision. This means that they are often more stretching than the regulatory Performance Commitments.
Achievement against the balanced scorecard targets accounts for up to 90% of the annual bonuses of NWL’s Executive
Leadership Team (ELT), with a further 10% available for the achievement of personal targets.

The following table details actual performance against the KPI targets and future targets. Targets which are measured on
a calendar year basis, denoted by C in the table, reflect the performance period January to December 2018. Targets
which are measured on a regulatory year basis, denoted by R in the table, reflect the performance period April 2018 to
March 2019.

Scorecard measure                        Performance                            2018/19                           2019/20
                                            period            Target        Performance          Achieved          Target
Customer
Customer satisfaction
- SIM qualitative score                        R              >=4.65            4.48                no             >=4.65
- SIM quantitative score                       R              <=85              75.25               yes             <=75
Water supply interruptions >3 hours
                                               R              <=3:50            5:23                no             <=3:45
(average minutes per property)
Mean zonal compliance                          C             >=99.97            99.95               no            >=99.97
Repeat sewer flooding (properties)             R              <=71               38                 yes             <=60
Environment
Leakage (Mld)
- NW                                           R              <=133              137                no             <=134
- ESW                                          R              <=60               66                 no              <=66
Pollution incidents category 1 & 2             C               <=1                1                 yes             <=1
STW failing LUT consent (%)                    C                0                 0                 yes               -
Discharge permit compliance (EPA)
                                               C                 -                -                  -             >=99%
(%)
Competitiveness
Group EBIT                                     C              budget        not achieved            no             budget
Group cash available for distribution          C              budget          achieved              yes            budget
People
Employee engagement score                      C                2*          One to watch            no               80
Lost time reportable accidents (no.)           C               <=3                7                 no              <=3
Communities
Ethisphere                                     R              award           awarded               yes               -
BITC Platinum Plus/Ethisphere/CCW
                                               R                 -                -                  -             Award
‘Most Trusted Water Company’

NWL remains committed to delivering an unrivalled customer service and to be the national leader in the provision of
sustainable water and wastewater services. To achieve ‘national leader’ status, NWL’s targets are often more stretching
than the regulatory performance commitments. It has made further progress in achieving ‘national leader’ status over the
year and remains one of the leaders in the industry.

Following the successful implementation of a new customer care and billing system in NWL, it is confident that this
investment will significantly contribute towards the delivery of its ambition to provide world class customer experiences, as
the system and processes move forward into the ‘optimisation’ phase and all positive changes are properly embedded
and understood. This successful system implementation was recently recognised with a prestigious industry award at the
Utility Week Awards in December 2018. However, introducing a new end-to-end billing system brought lots of change for
customers and employees which took some time to reach a period of ‘stabilisation’. Although this occurred fairly quickly,
NWL did experience higher contact levels for a time which contributed to a slight reduction in the SIM score from 86.4 to
85.9.




                                                                                                                            4
                                        STRATEGIC REPORT (continued)
Performance measures (continued)
Customers remain at the heart of NWL’s business, with customer satisfaction remaining high in the year. This was
supported by independent research where NWL matched their best score of 2018. Furthermore, as an alternative
indicator, NWL also use Net Promoter Score to measure customer advocacy, the loyalty that exists between a company
and its customers, with NWL maintaining a strong positive score of +43, which ranks NWL alongside leading UK
businesses.

In NWL’s water business, NWL continues to provide a reliable supply of clean water, with overall drinking water
compliance remaining high at 99.949%, improving on the previous year. Despite this, it has been a challenging year for
NWL as a result of the after effects of the ‘Beast from the East’ being followed by an extended period of hot, dry weather.
However, NWL have been able to demonstrate the resilience of its services and continued to deliver high quality water to
customers. This was evidenced through the delivery of its leakage commitments, which involved a number of innovative
approaches including satellite technology.

In the wastewater business, NWL were delighted to achieve a target of zero discharge compliance failures at its sewage
treatment works, building on the very strong record over several years. This has been achieved through innovative
operational management and early warning systems which enable NWL to better understand and manage risks across its
works in real time.

A similar focused approach has transformed NWL’s performance in reducing pollution incidents. In recent years, NWL’s
performance in this area was not as strong as it wanted it to be, so a special project team was created to develop ideas
as part of a zero tolerance approach to pollution. Through use of data analytics to target proactive maintenance and rapid
response to minimise the impact of events, NWL has achieved some impressive results.

In respect of renewable energy, NWL remains the first and only wastewater company in the UK to use 100% of the
sludge remaining after sewage treatment to produce renewable energy. Additionally from April 2018, all of NWL’s
electricity has been purchased from Ørsted through long term ‘renewable only’ agreements and originates from offshore
wind farms with zero associated emissions.

The Health and Safety (H&S) of our employees and contractors is a responsibility that the Group takes very seriously.
NWL has developed a comprehensive ‘safety culture’ to increase awareness of risk and encourage employees to see
safety as absolutely central to everything it does. NWL’s new company-wide campaign ‘Everyone home safe every day’ is
reinforcing the safety message across all NWL teams.

NWL is certified under OHSAS 18001 Occupational Health and Safety Systems and, in 2018, was recognised by the
Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents (RoSPA) for outstanding performance in health and safety, receiving the
‘highly commended in the water industry’ award. The award recognised NWL’s robust and high quality safety
management system together with consistently excellent health and safety performance.

The Group has continued to ensure that its people are fairly treated and we proactively promote diversity and inclusion to
reap the benefits of a diverse workforce. NWL’s equal opportunity policy seeks to ensure that all current employees and
potential employees are treated with respect. Job applications are welcomed from all parts of the community and it is the
intention that all job applicants and employees are treated equally, regardless of their age, ability, marital or partnership
status, race, religion or belief, gender or sexual orientation. Employment applications are welcome from people with
disabilities and, where existing employees develop disabilities, they are supported to remain in employment, wherever
practicable, by providing appropriate adjustments to their roles and/or effective redeployments. Occupational health
physicians assist this process with professional medical advice. NWL recognises the importance of gender balance and is
committed on encouraging more women to join NWL and develop their careers in the water industry. It continues to
actively partner with other organisations and inclusion networks to promote diversity in science and engineering.

We put great effort into creating an environment where our people are encouraged to engage and perform to the best of
their ability. NWL engages with its employees through the Employee Relations Framework and through a range of
communication channels including annual director roadshows, structured team talk briefings every two months, our
weekly H2info ebulletin, and digital tools such as the intranet and Yammer.

The Group remains dedicated to building strong relationships with the communities we serve and we ensure that
corporate responsibility is embedded in the business. We work with partners across sectors at a range of levels, from
making sure we provide effective grassroots support to a large number of organisations in our community, to a small
number of larger strategic flagship partners co-delivering with us in line with our vision and values.



                                                                                                                           5
                                       STRATEGIC REPORT (continued)

NWL held their second Innovation Festival in July 2018, which doubled in size compared to the inaugural Festival the
year before. The Festival combined a series of activities including design sprints, tackling major social and environmental
issues, and data hackathons, where over 100 data scientists gathered together to solve leakage and flooding problems.
The Festivals have proven to be an effective breeding ground for new ideas, with 34 projects started in the wake of the
inaugural event in 2017, including England’s first moss tree installed in Newcastle City Centre and the creation of the
Refill campaign to cut down on single-use plastics by offering fountains in major towns and cities where people can top up
water bottles for free.
Financial performance and structure

Group structure
In addition to NWL, NWG has one other direct subsidiary; NWG Commercial Solutions Limited (NWGCSL), which acts as
a holding company for other non-regulated trading companies. NWG also directly owns 50% of a joint venture company,
Wave Ltd (Wave) which, through its trading subsidiary, carries out non-household retail activities in England and
Scotland.

In the Directors’ opinion, CKHH, a company listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, is the ultimate parent
undertaking and controlling party. The chart below shows the structure of the Group and its ownership up to CKHH as at
31 March 2019. The chart shows the principal intermediate holding companies, which are wholly owned unless otherwise
shown (the percentage values represent economic interests).


                    CK Hutchison Holdings Limited *




                                         CK Hutchison Global
                                         Investments Limited




                                              Hutchison
                                            Infrastructure
                                           Holdings Limited



                                                      c.76%

            Cheung Kong                   CK Infrastructure                  Li Ka Shing
          (Holdings) Limited              Holdings Limited *              Foundation Limited



              40%                            40%                               20%



                                         Northumbrian Water
                                           Group Limited



                                                                                     50%

         Northumbrian Water                NWG Commercial
               Limited                     Solutions Limited                   Wave Ltd



        financing subsidiaries            trading subsidiaries             trading subsidiary

* Companies listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


                                                                                                                         6
                                        STRATEGIC REPORT (continued)
Financial performance
In addition to the balanced scorecard, the Group uses a range of financial indicators to monitor performance, which focus
on the financial covenants underpinning the Group’s private placement and committed bank facilities at NWL, which are
reported to each Board meeting. These financial KPIs, shown below, remained better than the target for the year.

                                                                              Performance                       Target
                                                                      2017/18           2018/19           2018/19 & 2019/20
KPI                                                                 NWG     NWL      NWG       NWL           NWG       NWL
Gearing: net debt to RCV (%)1                                        72.9     66.4      73.5     67.2          ≤80    ≤77.5
Interest cover (times)                                                3.8      3.5       4.1      3.6         ≥2.2     ≥2.4

Notes:
1. Regulatory Capital Value (RCV) at 31 March 2019 was £4,271.7m (2018: £4,182.2m).

The Group’s gearing has increased marginally from 72.9% to 73.5%, with net debt growing at 3% which was slightly
ahead of RCV at 2.1%. Gearing at NWL increased from 66.4% to 67.2%, also remaining well within target.

NWG
Revenue for the year ended 31 March 2019 was £907.6m (2018: £871.2m). Water and sewerage charges at the Group’s
principal subsidiary, NWL, increased by a ‘K factor’ of 0.1%, plus RPI of 3.9%, which was applied from 1 April. Income
from the Group’s continuing water and wastewater contracts continue to increase in line with the provisions of the
relevant contracts.

Operating costs are £557.6m for the year ended 31 March 2019 (2018: £519.4m), which principally reflected movements
at NWL, which are detailed below. Profit on ordinary activities before interest for the year ended 31 March 2019 was
£350.0m (2018: £351.8m).

Net interest payable was £266.5m for the year ended 31 March 2019 (2018: £258.3m), including £113.7m (2018:
£113.7m) on shareholder loan notes. The increase of £8.2m was principally as a result of adverse mark to market
movements on the fair value of financial instruments compared to the prior year, partially offset by favourable movements
due to the impact of lower RPI on index-linked debt accretion, lower interest cost of pensions and increased capitalisation
of interest.

Profit on ordinary activities before tax for the year ended year ended 31 March 2019 was £81.3m (2018: £91.2m). The
current tax charge for the year ended 31 March 2019 was £14.5m (2018: £16.8m). The decrease of £2.3m mainly reflects
an increase in the prior year tax credit of £3.7m offset by a £1.2m increase in the current year charge. The fall in profit
before tax includes £14.6m adverse movements on the fair value of derivatives which are disregarded for tax purposes.
Deferred tax for the year ended 31 March 2019 was a charge of £12.0m (2018: £1.2m). The £10.8m increase mainly
reflects a rise of £5.3m in the current year charge and a rise of £5.5m in the prior year charge. Further details of the net
tax charge are provided in note 8 to the financial statements. Profit after tax from continuing operations for the year ended
year ended 31 March 2019 was £54.8m (2018: £73.2m).

Total fixed asset additions for the Group for the year ended 31 March 2019 were £265.3m (2018: £246.7m restated),
representing capital investment to maintain and enhance the Group’s asset base.

NWL
Revenue was £870.2m for the year ended 31 March 2019 (2018: £834.6m). This reflects an increase in wholesale
charges, set in line with the revenue allowance from the Final Determination (FD) of price controls for 2015-2020, which
increased by a ‘K factor’ of 0.1% plus RPI of 3.9% and the impact of implementing IFRS 15, the new revenue accounting
standard, which resulted in an additional £7.2m being recognised in revenue in 2018/19.

Operating costs, including capital maintenance costs for the year ended 31 March 2019 were £521.9m (2018: £489.4m).
The current year costs includes a one-off cost related to the equalisation of guaranteed minimum pensions (see note 26),
The remaining increase of £28.3m reflects increased water supply costs due to an extended period of dry weather
conditions, upward cost pressures on chemical prices and non-commodity energy costs and other inflationary pressures.
In addition, the amortisation of capital contributions was treated as a negative operating cost in the prior year but reported
as revenue, under IFRS 15, in the current year.




                                                                                                                              7
                                        STRATEGIC REPORT (continued)
Financial performance (continued)

NWL (continued)
During the year, NWL invested £0.9m (2018: £0.7m) in research and development.

Profit on ordinary activities before interest for the year ended 31 March 2019 was £348.3m (2018: £345.2m). Capital
investment for the year ended 31 March 2019 was £263.8m (2018: £245.9m restated), reflecting around £174.0m
investment for the maintenance of NWL’s asset base to ensure the continued provision of sustainable water and
wastewater services and continued investment in its sewer network to reduce the risk of sewer flooding.

Water and wastewater contracts
The Group’s water and wastewater contracts in Scotland, the Republic of Ireland and Gibraltar are all performing well and
are in line with expectations. Revenue for the contracts was £36.8m for the year ended 31 March 2019 (2018: £32.2m).
Profit on ordinary activities before interest was £3.5m (2018: £2.7m).

The Irish based joint venture Coffey Northumbrian Limited (CNL) has two framework contracts with Irish Water (IW). The
most significant being the framework for water network management, which covers the south-east and south-west
regions. CNL is currently in dispute with IW over the interpretation of the contract. A process of conciliation has
commenced in order to seek a mechanism for the recovery of the losses to date. The second framework is for regional
new connections and work on this has been released slower than anticipated, although this contract is expected to deliver
against plan.

The NWG Bioenergy Limited (formally Gascorp Limited) farm based anaerobic digester (AD) at Garforth in West
Yorkshire is continuing to operate and optimise its bio-gas export to the gas grid. Repairs to one digester were completed
during the year and it is now fully back in operation. Repairs are currently ongoing to the other digester, which relate to
faults at the time of construction, and are due to be completed during 2019. It is anticipated that the AD plant will be back
to its fully optimised capacity before the end of the calendar year.

Dividends
The Directors do not recommend payment of a final ordinary dividend (2018: £nil). Total dividends paid in the year ended
31 March 2019 were £26.3m (2018: £109.4m).

Accounting policies
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union as it applies to the financial statements of the Group for the year
ended 31 March 2019.

Capital structure, liquidity and credit rating
The majority of the Group’s financing activities are undertaken within the NWL group of companies given the significance
of its operations to Group activities.

In December 2018, NWL renewed its committed five year bank facility, which is for the purpose of maintaining general
liquidity. The value was increased to £450m, from £350m, and will mature in 2023, with an option to extend for a further
two years. The undrawn bank committed facilities amounted to £440m at 31 March 2019 (2018: £350m).

On 2 July 2019, following a reverse enquiry from a large UK Pension Fund, the Group, through NWL’s financing
subsidiary Northumbrian Water Finance plc, agreed and priced its first UK CPI private placement issuance on a forward
settlement basis for a tenor of 20 years, maturing 29 October 2039. The final note purchase agreement was agreed on 2
July 2019 and the notes priced with a CPI real yield of 0.242%.

Interest cover and gearing measures have remained better than target levels. NWL maintains its strong investment grade
credit ratings of BBB+ (negative outlook) from Standard & Poors (S&P) and Baa1 (negative outlook) from Moody’s. The
S&P outlook was changed from stable to negative reflecting uncertainty from the regulatory price setting process.




                                                                                                                           8
                                        STRATEGIC REPORT (continued)
Treasury policies
The Board sets high level objectives for the financing strategy of the Group which is determined within treasury policies
set by the Board. The treasury function carries out treasury operations on behalf of all Group companies and its main
purposes are to assess the ongoing capital requirement, to maintain short term liquidity, ensuring access to medium term
committed back up facilities, and to raise funding, taking advantage of any favourable market opportunities. It also invests
any surplus funds the Group has in accordance with the Group’s treasury policy. On occasion, derivatives are used as
part of this process, but the Group’s policies prohibit their use for speculation.

The detailed financing strategy and dividend policy at NWL is determined independently by the board of NWL.

PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The Group requires all Group companies to identify and assess the impact of risks to their business using a standard risk
model. The Group’s view of acceptable risk is based on a balanced view of all of the risks in the operating environment
and it aims to ensure an appropriate balance between risk aversion and opportunities.

The Board sets the tone for risk management within the Group and determines the appropriate risk appetite. It monitors
the management of fundamental risks and approves major decisions affecting the Group’s risk profile. The Board is
supported in this by the Audit, Risk and Assurance Committee (ARAC) from which it receives regular and detailed reports.
At NWL, the ELT reviews the approach to risk management in detail every year and reviews the significant risks every
month. Any issues are reported by the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) to the boards of NWL and NWG. NWG’s ELT
implements policies on risk management and internal control.

Apart from NWL, none of the Group trading companies have risks considered to be significant to the Group's short and
long term value.

The system of internal control incorporates risk management. It encompasses a number of elements, including policies
and procedures, business planning and budgeting and the maintenance of a risk management framework, that together
facilitate an effective and efficient operation, enabling the Group to respond effectively to a variety of challenges.

The ARAC, on behalf of the Board, carried out a robust assessment of the principal risks facing the Group, including
those that would threaten its business model, future performance, solvency or liquidity, taking account of both the highest
rated risks on our Corporate Risk Register and the Strategic Risk Register identified by the Board sub-group. The risks
are not set out in order of priority.

The principal business risks facing the Group are:
 inherent health and safety risk in NWL’s operational and construction workplaces;
 loss of customer trust and confidence;
 loss of supply to a large volume of customers due to failure of the NWL water systems, such as failure of a strategic
   water main or treatment works or contamination of a service reservoir;
 environmental pollution incidents due to failures in the NWL wastewater network giving rise to potential fines and
   reputational damage;
 loss of key business systems due to a malicious attack or failure of cyber security;
 breach of Data Protection Act, General Data Protection Regulation or Environmental Information Regulations;
 effects of climate change adversely impacting NWL’s water resources and the integrity of the assets;
 unfavourable changes to the NWL Licence or regulatory methodology that may adversely impact on the balance of
   risk and return or reduce investor confidence in the stability and predictability of the regulatory framework;
 a change in government could introduce significant changes in policy, including nationalisation, impacting upon NWL
   and the Group;
 impact of changes in tax legislation;
 failure to deliver financial plans could impact on expected shareholder returns;
 risk of increased pension deficit at the next actuarial valuation of the Group’s principal defined benefit pension
   scheme (at 31 December 2019) as a result of market conditions; and
 funding and liquidity risk (see note 21 to the financial statements).

Risk management is a dynamic process reflecting changes in the external environment and consequently some of the
principal risks have changed from those reported in the previous year.




                                                                                                                          9
                                        STRATEGIC REPORT (continued)
PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES (continued)

New risks
As part of their assessment of principal risks, the ARAC decided that the risks associated with the Group’s main defined
benefit pension scheme should be identified as a principal risk, separate from the existing financial performance risk.

The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are liquidity risk and interest rate risk. The Board reviews
and agrees policies for managing each of these risks as summarised in note 21 to the financial statements. All treasury
activities are conducted in accordance with the treasury policies of the Group.

Brexit risk
The Risk & Compliance Sub-committee has considered risks to NWL’s business which could result from the UK leaving
the European Union (EU) with no deal, but does not consider this to be a principal risk, other than in relation to future EIB
funding. NWL has engaged with government, its supply chain and other stakeholders to review potential impacts of a no
deal Brexit. Whilst NWL operates entirely within the UK, it is aware that some of its supply chain does rely on
transportation from Europe and it has made appropriate preparations to mitigate against these risks and ensure continuity
of service. Risks associated with the Group’s activities elsewhere in the EU have been reviewed and appropriate
contingency plans have been established.




Approved for issue by the Board of Directors
M Parker
General Counsel and Company Secretary
12 July 2019




                                                                                                                          10
                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Notwithstanding that the Group is privately owned and therefore not subject to the UK Corporate Governance Code (the
UK CGC), the Group maintains high standards of corporate governance and endeavours to comply with the main
principles of the UK CGC, wherever appropriate.

The NWL board has particular regard to the principles underpinning the UK CGC, as required by NWL’s Instrument of
Appointment (the Licence), with only some minor aspects of the UK CGC not being adopted. NWL seeks to comply with
both the principles and spirit of the UK CGC, in the context of a private company with a single ultimate controlling
shareholder. NWL also has in place a further bespoke governance code, developed after discussions with Ofwat, in
response to the Board leadership, transparency and governance principles introduced by Ofwat in 2014 (the 2014
Principles).

Best practice in corporate governance is evolving and Ofwat has recently worked with companies in the sector to develop
four new objectives (the 2019 Objectives) which it expects them to meet. Ofwat has recently consulted on incorporating
the 2019 Objectives into each licensed company’s Instrument of Appointment (Licence). Along with most others in the
sector, NWL has consented to the change following discussions with Ofwat, noting Ofwat’s acknowledgement that
companies will have scope to demonstrate compliance in different ways. That flexibility is consistent both with the
“comply or explain” principle enshrined in the UK CGC and the view of the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) that there is
no “one-size-fits-all” version of corporate governance. NWL has explained, in its Annual Report and Financial Statements
this year, how it meets the 2019 Objectives.

Directors
The Directors who served during the year and up to the date of signing were as follows:

A J Hunter                       Non-Executive Chairman
H Mottram CBE                    Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
L S Chan                         Non-Executive Director
F R Frame                        Non-Executive Director
H L Kam                          Non-Executive Director
D N Macrae                       Non-Executive Director
W C W Tong-Barnes                Non-Executive Director


Information about Directors’ remuneration is contained in note 5 to the financial statements.

Board responsibilities and processes
The Board sets the Group’s high level vision, values and strategy and ensures compliance with Group policies and legal
and regulatory obligations. Within this framework, NWL operates as a standalone company and its strategy is determined
by the NWL board. During the year, the only decisions referred up to the NWG Board were a number of contract and loan
approvals and the re-appointment of certain Directors (in each case, the NWG Board approved the recommendations of
the NWL board).

The Group has adopted terms of reference which set out the matters reserved to the Board for approval and matters
which are, or can be, delegated to its committees and management. The Group has also adopted financial approval rules
which set out the authorisation processes and financial limits to be applied to financial transactions within the Group.
NWL has adopted its own appropriate guidelines.

The Standing Committee can take decisions not delegated to specific committees between Board meetings. All Directors
receive notice of Standing Committee meetings and may participate if they wish. Decisions taken by the Standing
Committee are reported at the next Board meeting. The NWG Board meets at least five times each year.

Authorisation of Directors’ conflicts of interest
Directors have a statutory duty, under s175 of the Companies Act 2006, to avoid a situation in which they have, or could
have, a conflict of interest with the Company’s interests. However, there is no breach of this duty if the Board has
authorised the matter in question. The Articles permit Directors (other than the Director having the interest in question) to
authorise any situation giving rise to a known or potential conflict. A register of the interests which have been authorised
is maintained by the Company Secretary and is available at every Board meeting.




                                                                                                                          11
                                      DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)
Board balance and independence
The composition of the Board is as follows:

A J Hunter (Chairman) and D N Macrae were appointed by CK Infrastructure Holdings Limited. H L Kam, L S Chan and
W C W Tong-Barnes were appointed by Cheung Kong (Holdings) Limited, which is now wholly owned by CKHH, and
F R Frame by Li Ka Shing Foundation Limited. The CEO, H Mottram was appointed on the recommendation of the
Nomination Committee of Northumbrian Water Group plc when it was independently listed.

The Chairman and CEO have clearly defined roles and responsibilities. The Chairman leads the Board and creates the
conditions for overall Board and individual Director effectiveness, both inside and outside the boardroom. The CEO is
responsible for running the Group’s businesses on a day-to-day basis.

Whilst not members of the NWG Board, M Fay, S Lyster, P Rew and M A B Nègre (the Independent Non-executive
Directors (INEDs) of NWL) attend Board and Committee meetings of NWG and therefore have visibility over, and are
welcome to make observations and suggestions regarding strategic considerations at NWG, with the exception of matters
relating to Wave. This ensures that the NWL board is aware of all developments at the NWG level and therefore has full
knowledge of the environment in which it is operating and any risks the Group might face. The NWG Board believes that
this entirely transparent approach supports compliance with Ofwat’s holding company principles.

The General Counsel and Company Secretary, M Parker, assists the Board to ensure that good corporate governance
compliance is maintained. He is also Company Secretary of NWL and is Secretary to all NWG and NWL board
committees and sub-committees.

NWL has its own Audit, Remuneration and Nomination Committees as well as Risk & Compliance and Assurance
Sub-committees of the Audit Committee. NWG has an Audit, Risk & Assurance Committee (ARAC).

Board committees
During the year, the Board was assisted by the ARAC in performing its duties. The Board sets the terms of reference of
its Committees and receives regular reports from their chairmen at Board meetings.

Remuneration Committee
H Mottram’s remuneration as CEO of NWL and NWG is set by NWL’s Remuneration Committee, the members of which,
during the year, were A J Hunter (Chairman), P Rew, M Fay, S Lyster and D N Macrae. The Human Resources Director,
from the NWL ELT, provides advice to the Committee from time to time.

NWL complies with its obligations under s35A of the Water Act 2003 by disclosing in its financial statements each year a
detailed breakdown of remuneration paid to the Executive Directors of NWL which is linked to NWL’s standards of
performance. For two of the NWL Executive Directors, H Mottram and C I Johns, NWL pays 70% of their remuneration
and NWG pays the remaining 30%, which reflects the time spent on activities other than NWL. For F R Frame, NWL pays
30% of his remuneration and NWG pays the remaining 70%. No additional remuneration is paid by the Group or its
shareholders.

The work of the NWL Remuneration Committee comprises the adoption of principles and standards in relation to
executive remuneration and benefits, as well as agreeing individual remuneration packages.

ARAC
The Chairman of the ARAC is L S Chan. The other members are D N Macrae (or his alternate) and N D Herrington.

During the year, and up to the date of approval of these financial statements, the ARAC assisted both Executive and Non-
executive Directors to discharge their individual and collective responsibilities. Its work included the following:

   reviewing the draft financial statements, considering reports from the external and internal auditors setting out the
    audit approach and plan, significant audit risks and conclusions on the Group’s internal controls and risk
    management;
   reviewing the appropriateness of accounting policies, significant accounting judgements and evidence supporting the
    going concern basis for the accounts and recommending approval of both statutory and regulatory accounts to the
    Board;
   confirming the objectivity and independence of the external auditor, and in so doing reviewing the representations
    made in the audit report on these subjects;
   reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of the audit process, taking into consideration relevant UK professional
    and regulatory requirements;

                                                                                                                      12
                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)
ARAC (continued)
 monitoring the effectiveness of the internal audit function;
 approving the external auditor’s fees for both audit and non-audit services, by reference to the agreed policy;
 approving the internal audit work programme for the year and reviewing progress against the programme;
 approving arrangements for monitoring compliance with the Company’s procedures designed to prevent bribery,
   having regard to the Bribery Act 2010 and the updated code of conduct ‘Our Way at NWG’, including receiving
   reports on any whistleblowing allegations; and
 reviewing the risk and control framework and reporting, including management of tax compliance matters and
   approval of financial approval rules.

The chairman has reported formally to the NWG Board following each meeting of the Committee and minutes have been
circulated to the Board.

The ARAC is fully cognisant of the need for NWG to manage risk in such a way that NWL is protected from risk elsewhere
in the Group. Its work in relation to risk included the following:

     reviewing reports at each meeting on the top rated managed risks and priorities for assurance (being those risks with
      the biggest reduction between the business (gross) and managed (net) risk scores), representing key control areas
      for the Company;
     reviewing and updating the dynamic risk management framework and corporate risk register which are based on a
      detailed bottom-up assessment of risk across the Group;
     reviewing the management of specific areas of risk in relation to health and safety and environmental compliance;
     reviewing cyber security and steps being taken to enhance security;
     advising the Board on risk appetite and exposure and reviewing risk assessment processes as well as keeping the
      effectiveness of the risk and internal control management systems under review;
     monitoring compliance with covenants and treasury risks; and
     reviewing business continuity arrangements.

The Board is able to monitor the impact of environmental, social and governance matters on the Group’s business, to
assess the impact of significant risks on the business and to evaluate methods of managing these risks through reports it
receives from its subsidiary boards and committees.

Code of Conduct
The Group has a code of ethics, ‘Our Code of Conduct’, covering Group companies’ relationships with customers,
employees, suppliers, local communities, shareholders, other investors and regulators.

Governance Code
In March 2014, following discussions with Ofwat, the NWL board put in place a bespoke Governance Code (the NWL
Code), which is available on the NWL website.

Ofwat’s Holding Company Principles
The Company has reviewed its compliance with the document published by Ofwat in April 2014: “Board leadership,
transparency and governance – holding company principles”. The principles set out by Ofwat are addressed below (the
numbering follows that of the principles):

1.1     As stated in the Strategic Report, at the balance sheet date, NWG is the holding company of NWL. CKHH is the
        ultimate parent undertaking and controlling party of NWG and, therefore, NWL.

1.2     NWG discloses detail of its debt structure and how this compares with the Group’s policies. It also clearly defines
        who is the ultimate parent undertaking and controlling party (see 1.1 above) and gives full transparency as to the
        level of shareholder loan notes within the corporate structure.

1.3     This report (and NWL’s Directors’ Report) disclose that some of the Directors of each company were appointed by
        shareholder companies. Directors may also, from time to time, have roles in and/or hold shares or other interests in
        the shareholder companies and/or other companies within the CKHH group.

1.4     Decisions regarding certain large contract awards, capital projects, substantial funding arrangements and the re-
        appointment of Directors are referred to the NWG Board. During the year, the NWG Board has endorsed all the
        recommendations of the NWL board.

1.5     NWG’s governance arrangements are set out clearly in the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report.
                                                                                                                         13
                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)
Ofwat’s Holding Company Principles (continued)
2.1, 2.2, 2.3, 2.4 and 3.1
       The Directors of NWG are all also Directors of NWL (W C W Tong-Barnes is an alternate director) and NWL’s
       INEDs attend all NWG’s Board and Committee meetings, ensuring full transparency between the two companies.
       The executive management teams of the two companies are the same. The NWG Directors are therefore fully
       aware of NWL’s obligations, under statute, under the Licence (and under the Condition P undertaking required by
       the Licence). NWL’s need to make strategic and sustainable decisions (in its own interests and those of its
       customers) is seen as fundamental to the Group’s strategy and is vigorously supported. Therefore, the flow of
       information between the two Boards is effective and relevant information regarding the wider CKHH group is freely
       shared. NWL is given the opportunity to take advantage of business synergies and opportunities available within
       the CKHH group, but always makes its own business decisions in order to achieve the most favourable terms
       available.

      Within this supportive environment, NWL’s board operates autonomously and each NWL Director understands his
      or her individual responsibility to act in the best interests of NWL. This enables NWL’s Board to make sustainable,
      long-term decisions which take full account of the long term nature of the water sector.

OTHER DISCLOSURES

Results, dividends, capital structure, future developments and research and development
Please refer to the Strategic Report.

Political
NWG does not support any political party and does not, directly or through any subsidiary, make what are commonly
regarded as donations to any political party or other political organisation. However, the wide definition of donations in the
Political Parties, Elections and Referendums Act 2000 covers activities which form part of the necessary relationship
between the Group and political parties and political organisations. These activities include attending party conferences,
as these provide the best opportunity to meet a range of stakeholders, both national and local, to explain the Group’s
activities, as well as local meetings with MPs, MEPs and their agents. During the year, no external costs were associated
with these activities, however, Company representatives attended the party conferences of the Labour and Conservative
parties. In addition, Group representatives also attended the party conferences of the Labour and Conservative parties.

Financial instruments and treasury policies
As described in treasury policies section of the Strategic Report.

Employment policies
The Group’s policies in respect of the employment for disabled persons and employee involvement are set out in the
performance section of the Strategic Report.

Indemnification of Directors
NWG had in place Directors' and Officers' insurance for the year. On 21 March 2017, the Company entered into a deed of
indemnity to grant the Directors of NWGL and its subsidiaries further protection against liability to third parties, subject to
the conditions set out in the Companies Act 2006, and this remains in place.

Directors’ declaration
As required under s418 of the Companies Act 2006, so far as each current Director is aware, there is no relevant audit
information of which the Company’s auditor is unaware and each Director has taken all the steps that he or she ought to
have taken as a Director in order to make himself or herself aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that
the Company’s auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor
Pursuant to s487 of the Companies Act 2006, Deloitte LLP is deemed to be re-appointed as the Company’s auditor for
the ensuing year.




                                                                                                                            14
                                       DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)
Financial statements preparation and going concern
The Group has sufficient funding and facilities in place to meet its requirements for the foreseeable future. The Directors
believe that the Group is well placed to manage its business risks successfully and, accordingly, they continue to adopt
the going concern basis in preparing the annual report and Group financial statements.

In arriving at their decision, the Directors have taken into account:
 NWL’s Instrument of Appointment which is in place on a rolling 25 year basis;
 the certainty on wholesale and household retail price controls to March 2020 provided by the 2014 Final
    Determination by Ofwat, following its acceptance by the Board;
 NWL’s draft business plan for the next price control period from 2020-25;
 the Board’s view on NWL’s financial resilience for the six years to March 2025 to assess the viability of NWL to align
    with the business planning process for the regulatory price review period to March 2025;
 the financial strength of the Group at the balance sheet date and performance for the year ended 31 March 2019,
    which is in line with expectations and reviewed at each Board meeting, most recently in July 2019;
 the key financial ratios over the next 12 month planning horizon, as reflected in strong investment grade credit
    ratings;
 the fact that NWL has in place £450m of five year committed bank facilities as back up liquidity (maturing in 2023),
    which £440m was undrawn at 31 March 2019;
 the water and wastewater contracts are expected to be profitable over the term of their respective contracts; and
 the Group’s formal risk and governance arrangements which are monitored by the ARAC and Board.

Fair, balanced and understandable
The Directors consider that the annual report and financial statements, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and
understandable and provides the information necessary for stakeholders to assess the Company’s performance,
business model and strategy. In reaching this conclusion, the Board has taken advice from the ARAC which has
considered the process by which the report and financial statements has been produced as well as reviewing and
commenting on the report.

Directors’ responsibilities statement
The Directors are responsible for preparing the annual report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable
law and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the Directors
have elected to prepare the Group financial statements in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union and
the parent company financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice
(United Kingdom Accounting Standards and applicable law), including FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework”. Under
company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and
fair view of the state of affairs of the company and of the profit or loss of the company for that period.

In preparing the parent company financial statements, the Directors are required to:
 select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
 make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent;
 state whether applicable UK Accounting Standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed
    and explained in the financial statements; and
 prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Company
    will continue in business.

In preparing the Group financial statements, International Accounting Standard 1 requires that Directors:
 properly select and apply accounting policies;
 present information, including accounting policies, in a manner that provides relevant, reliable, comparable and
    understandable information;
 provide additional disclosures when compliance with the specific requirements in IFRS are insufficient to enable users
    to understand the impact of particular transactions, other events and conditions on the entity’s financial position and
    financial performance; and
 make an assessment of the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.




                                                                                                                        15
                                      DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued)
Directors’ responsibilities statement (continued)
The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the
Company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and
enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are also responsible for
safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud
and other irregularities.

The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information included on the
Company’s website. Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and dissemination of financial
statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.




Approved for issue by the Board of Directors
M Parker
General Counsel and Company Secretary
12 July 2019




                                                                                                                        16
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF NORTHUMBRIAN WATER GROUP
                                  LIMITED
Opinion
In our opinion:
 the financial statements of Northumbrian Water Group Limited (the ‘parent Company’) and its subsidiaries (the
    ‘Group’) give a true and fair view of the state of the Group’s and of the parent Company’s affairs as at 31 March 2019
    and of the Group’s profit for the year then ended;
 the Group financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
    Standards (IFRSs) as adopted by the European Union;
 the parent Company financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally
    Accepted Accounting Practice, including Financial Reporting Standard 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework; and
 the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

We have audited the financial statements which comprise:
 the consolidated income statement;
 the consolidated statement of comprehensive income;
 the consolidated and parent Company statements of changes in equity;
 the consolidated and parent Company balance sheets;
 the consolidated cash flow statement;
 the related consolidated notes 1 to 29; and
 the related parent Company notes 1 to 12.

The financial reporting framework that has been applied in the preparation of the Group financial statements is applicable
law and IFRSs as adopted by the European Union. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in the
preparation of the parent Company financial statements is applicable law and United Kingdom Accounting Standards,
including FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework” (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice).

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial
statements section of our report.

We are independent of the Group and the parent Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant
to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, including the Financial Reporting Council’s (the ‘FRC’s’) Ethical
Standard as applied to listed entities, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.

Summary of our audit approach
 Key audit matters       The key audit matters that we identified for NWL in the current year were:
 for Northumbrian            Classification of capital expenditure and operating expenditure;
 Water Limited               Provision for bad and doubtful debts; and
 (NWL)                       Revenue recognition (valuation of unbilled revenue accrual).


 Materiality             The materiality that we used for the Group financial statements was £10.4m which was
                         determined on the basis of 5% of Group profit before tax.

 Scoping                 We performed audit work on all trading subsidiaries of the Group which represents 95.3% of the
                         Group’s total assets (before consolidation adjustments), 98.3% of the Group’s revenue and
                         97.1% of the Group’s profit before tax.

 Significant             Changes in our approach were limited to removing revenue recognition (adjustments to industry
 changes in our          data from MOSL) as a key audit matter and significant risk. This is due to the quantum and
 approach                limited risk in this area given it is now an established data feed and adjustment, no longer being
                         the first year of the retail market.




                                                                                                                          17
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF NORTHUMBRIAN WATER GROUP
                             LIMITED (continued)
Conclusions relating to going concern
We are required by ISAs (UK) to report in respect of the following matters where:
 the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in preparation of the financial statements is not
   appropriate; or
 the Directors have not disclosed in the financial statements any identified material uncertainties that may cast
   significant doubt about the Group’s or the parent Company’s ability to continue to adopt the going concern basis of
   accounting for a period of at least twelve months from the date when the financial statements are authorised for
   issue.
We have nothing to report in respect of these matters.

Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
financial statements of the current period and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement
(whether or not due to fraud) that we identified. These matters included those which had the greatest effect on: the overall
audit strategy, the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team.

These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our
opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


 Classification of capital expenditure and operating expenditure (NWL)
 Key audit matter      The water industry is capital intensive and pipeline assets require regular maintenance and
 description           upgrades. There is an inherent risk in the industry that costs included in property, plant and
                       equipment are not capital in nature and/or are not in line with the capitalisation criteria of IAS 16.
                       NWL’s capital expenditure for the year ended 31 March 2019 was £279.5m (2018: £256m),
                       together with significant spend on maintenance costs.

                       The classification of expenditure on capital assets also includes the allocation of certain
                       overhead costs to property, plant and equipment reflecting the use of NWL’S own teams and
                       resources to complete capital work which requires the application of judgement. NWL’s
                       capitalised labour costs were £41m for the year ended 31 March 2019 (2018: £38m).

                       Further details are included in note 11 to the financial statements.

                       During the audit, it was identified that intangible assets had been incorrectly classified as tangible
                       assets, which is not in line with the requirements of IAS 38, resulting in a misstatement in the
                       current and prior years. The misstatement has been corrected by management in the current
                       period and a prior period adjustment has been recognised, which resulted in a reclassification
                       between Property, Plant and Equipment to Intangible assets of £66.9m as at 31 March 2018.
                       Refer to note 23 for further details.

 How the scope of              We evaluated the design and implementation of management’s key controls over the
 our audit                      processing of accounting entries associated with capital and operating expenditure;
 responded to the              We have reviewed the appropriateness of the NWL’s capitalisation policies and its
 key audit matter               approach to determining which costs should be capitalised and which expensed;
                               We compared the actual capitalised expenditure incurred in the period with regulatory
                                targets and made enquiries of management to understand any under/over spend;
                               We performed substantive testing on both capitalised and expensed amounts to assess
                                whether these are classified in accordance with NWL’s policies and IAS 16;
                               We continued to challenge management’s assumptions by comparing amounts
                                capitalised by department in the current and prior years and we have understood the
                                reasons behind levels of capitalisation; and
                               We tested a sample of capitalised overheads by agreeing to timesheets and project
                                plans to assess whether capitalisation was appropriate.
                               We evaluated the nature of the misstatement and whether correction of this through a
                                prior year adjustment is appropriate.

 Key observations      We concluded that the intangibles and property, plant and equipment values are appropriate
                       following the correction of the above mentioned misstatement in the prior year.

                                                                                                                            18
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF NORTHUMBRIAN WATER GROUP
                             LIMITED (continued)

Provision for bad and doubtful debts (NWL)

Key audit matter    As stated in the critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty in note
description         1(aa) of the financial statements, the value of the bad debt provision is calculated by applying a
                    range of percentages to debt of different ages with higher percentages applied to different
                    categories of debt depending on an assessment of the level of risk of default. There is a
                    significant customer base, and regulations do not allow NWL to interrupt water supply to
                    domestic customers. The valuation of the bad debt provision is sensitive to the specific
                    percentages applied which are judgmental.

                    At 31 March 2019 NWL’s gross debtors balance was £151.7m (2018: £149m) and the bad debt
                    provision was £85.6m (2018: £80m).

How the scope of           We evaluated the design and implementation of management’s key controls over the
our audit                   calculation of the bad debt provision;
responded to the           We have compared the assumptions made by management in calculating the provision
key audit matter            to evidence provided from historical collection data;
                           We tested the accuracy and completeness of the aged debtor balance and the ageing
                            categories applied;
                           We have assessed the reasonableness of any judgements made in respect of likely
                            future events through discussion of any known events with management and
                            assessment of associated provision;
                           We audited a sample of credit notes raised to determine whether any were as a result of
                            an event known but not appropriately provided for;
                           We performed sensitivity analysis on the provision to assess the impact of changes in
                            the cash collection rate; and
                           We reviewed the receivables ageing report to assess whether overdue debtors are
                            appropriately provided for.

Key observations    The results of our procedures were satisfactory. We have concluded that management’s
                    judgements are appropriate and that the provision for bad and doubtful debts was appropriately
                    stated.


Revenue recognition (valuation of unbilled revenue accrual) (NWL)

Key audit matter    The nature and scale of NWL’s business is such that it is not possible to read all water meters at
description         year end. An estimate is therefore made of the unbilled revenue at the year end. At 31 March
                    2019 this measured income accrual was £77.6m (2018: £65.7m).

                    Management estimates the amount of water and sewerage services that have been supplied to
                    customers and not billed at year end, based on historic water consumption and default
                    consumption rates. The revenue attributable to this unbilled revenue at year end is accrued. The
                    accrual is both material and judgemental and is therefore considered to be a key audit matter.

                    Further details are included within note 1b to the NWL financial statements.

How the scope of        •   We evaluated the design and implementation of management’s key controls over the
our audit                   unbilled revenue accrual;
responded to the        •   We tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the revenue process to assess
key audit matter            the integrity of reported turnover;
                        •   We performed substantive testing of the accrued revenue calculation and made an
                            assessment of the appropriateness of accounting estimates made by management;
                        •   We reviewed the accrued revenue balance for indications of recoverability risk by tracing
                            a sample to subsequent bill and cash payment; and
                        •   We considered historic accuracy by performing retrospective testing on the March 2018
                            balance.



                                                                                                                     19
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF NORTHUMBRIAN WATER GROUP
                             LIMITED (continued)

Key observations   The results of our procedures were satisfactory. We concluded that the valuation of unbilled
                   revenue accrual is appropriate and concurred with management on judgements adopted.


Revenue recognition (adjustments to industry data from MOSL) (NWL)

Key audit matter   Following the opening of the non-household market to competition in England from 1 April 2017,
description        NWL receives retail market data on which invoices to the retailers are based. There are a
                   number of manual adjustments to be made for errors identified in these industry data feeds
                   which are regularly corrected over time.

                   Management therefore estimates the amount of water that has been supplied to retail customers
                   and compares this to the data they are receiving, based on historic water consumption and
                   default consumption rates. The value of these adjustments is currently circa. £3m.

                   The revenue recognised is material, and the adjustments made highly judgemental.
                   Management have developed new controls and processes to deal with this new revenue input,
                   and this is therefore considered to be a key audit matter.

                   Further details are included in note 1j to the financial statements.

How the scope of       •   We evaluated the design and implementation of management’s key controls over the
our audit                  adjustments to the industry data from MOSL;
responded to the       •   We generated an independent expectation of the retail revenue for the year;
key audit matter       •   We have performed substantive testing on a sample of the retail revenue recognised and
                           made an assessment of the appropriateness of accounting estimates made by
                           management; and
                       •   We audited and understood significant adjustments to the data received externally, and
                           assessed supporting evidence available from MOSL.

Key observations   The results of our procedures were satisfactory. We concluded that the adjustments made to
                   industry data are appropriate and we concurred with management on judgements adopted.




                                                                                                                    20
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF NORTHUMBRIAN WATER GROUP
                             LIMITED (continued)
Our application of materiality
We define materiality as the magnitude of misstatement in the financial statements that makes it probable that the
economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable person would be changed or influenced. We use materiality both in
planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work.

Based on our professional judgement, we determined materiality for the financial statements as a whole as follows:

                  Group financial statements                         Parent Company financial statements

 Materiality      £10.4m                                             £10.3m


 Basis for        5% of profit before tax. This was adjusted to      Parent Company materiality equates to 1% of
 determining      take account of derivative valuation movements     equity, due to the cap that was applied of £10.3m,
 materiality      charged to the income statement in the year.       on the basis that the Company represents 100% of
                  This has been excluded due to the level of         Group net assets.
                  volatility of such derivative valuation
                  movements, in order to provide a consistent
                  basis year on year.

 Rationale for    The shareholders are interested in the financial   Given the parent Company is a holding company,
 the              performance of the Group and as such               equity was determined to be the most appropriate
 benchmark        monitors the business through how profitable       method of determining materiality.
 applied          the business is in order to maximise their
                  returns. Therefore, profit before tax was
                  determined to be most appropriate, being the
                  stake they hold in the business.




We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to the Committee all audit differences in excess of £0.5m
(2018: £0.2m) for the Group and £0.5m (2018: £0.2m) for the parent Company, as well as differences below that
threshold that, in our view, warranted reporting on qualitative grounds. We also report to the Audit Committee on
disclosure matters that we identified when assessing the overall presentation of the financial statements. We were able to
increase our reporting threshold use of professional judgement.

An overview of the scope of our audit
Our Group audit was scoped by obtaining an understanding of the Group and its environment, including group-wide
controls, and assessing the risks of material misstatement at the Group level. We also conduct the statutory audit of all of
the trading subsidiaries which represent 95.3% of the Group’s total assets (before consolidation adjustments), 98.3% of
the Group’s revenue and 97.1% of the Group’s profit before tax.

Our audit work on these entities was conducted at levels of materiality applicable to each individual entity which were
lower than Group materiality and is capped at £10.3m.

At the parent entity level we also tested the consolidation process and carried out analytical procedures to confirm our
conclusion that there were no significant risks of material misstatement of the aggregated financial information of the
entities not subject to audit.
                                                                                                                         21
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF NORTHUMBRIAN WATER GROUP
                             LIMITED (continued)
Other information
The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the
annual report, other than the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly
stated in our report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained
in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are required to determine whether
there is a material misstatement in the financial statements or a material misstatement of the other information. If, based
on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in respect of these matters.

Responsibilities of Directors
As explained more fully in the Directors’ responsibilities statement, the Directors are responsible for the preparation of the
financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such internal control as the
Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s and the parent Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or the parent Company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the FRC’s website at:
www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditor’s report.

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements

Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:
 the information given in the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report for the financial year for which the financial
    statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and
 the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements.

In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the Group and of the parent Company and their environment obtained
in the course of the audit, we have not identified any material misstatements in the Strategic Report or the Directors’
Report.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Adequacy of explanations received and accounting records
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:
 we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or
 adequate accounting records have not been kept by the parent Company, or returns adequate for our audit have not
   been received from branches not visited by us; or
 the parent Company financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns.

We have nothing to report in respect of these matters.
                                                                                                                            22
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF NORTHUMBRIAN WATER GROUP
                             LIMITED (continued)
Directors’ remuneration
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are also required to report if in our opinion certain disclosures of Directors’
remuneration have not been made.

We have nothing to report in respect of these matters.

Use of our report
This report is made solely to the Company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s members those
matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by
law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company’s members as a
body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.




Anthony Matthews FCA (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of Deloitte LLP
Statutory Auditor
Newcastle upon Tyne
United Kingdom
12 July 2019




                                                                                                                         23
                                      CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
                                        For the year ended 31 March 2019


                                                                                 Year to          Year to
                                                                           31 March 2019   31 March 2018
                                                                   Note              £m               £m
Continuing operations
Revenue                                                               2           907.6            871.2
Operating costs                                                       3          (557.6)          (519.4)
Profit on ordinary activities before interest                         2           350.0            351.8
Finance costs payable                                                 7          (269.1)          (262.3)
Finance income receivable                                             7             2.6              4.0
Share of loss after tax of jointly controlled entities            12(a)            (2.2)            (2.3)
Profit on ordinary activities before taxation                         2            81.3             91.2
Current taxation                                                   8(a)           (14.5)           (16.8)
Deferred taxation                                                  8(a)           (12.0)            (1.2)
Profit for the year                                                                54.8             73.2

Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the parent Company                                          54.3             72.6
Non-controlling interests                                                           0.5              0.6
                                                                                   54.8             73.2




                                                                                                       24
                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                               For the year ended 31 March 2019


                                                                                    Year to           Year to
                                                                              31 March 2019    31 March 2018
                                                                       Note             £m                £m
Profit for the year                                                                    54.8             73.2
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to the income
statement:
Actuarial (losses)/gains                                                26            (21.3)            58.0
Tax on items credited to equity not reclassified                         8              3.6            (10.6)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income statement:
Gains on cash flow hedges taken to equity                                               2.1             11.7
Translation differences                                                                   -              0.1
Tax on items charged to equity that may be reclassified                  8             (0.3)            (2.3)
Other comprehensive (expense)/income                                                  (15.9)            56.9

Total comprehensive income for the year                                               38.9             130.1

Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the parent Company                                             38.6             128.8
Non-controlling interests - profit for the year                                        0.5               0.6
Non-controlling interests - other comprehensive (loss)/income                         (0.2)              0.7
                                                                                      38.9             130.1




                                                                                                           25
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                For the year ended 31 March 2019



                                             Share Cash flow                                          Non-
                                  Other   premium     hedge    Currency    Retained     Total   controlling
                                reserve    reserve   reserve translation   earnings    equity     interests     Total
                                    £m         £m         £m         £m          £m      £m             £m       £m
At 1 April 2017                   51.9     446.5      (21.1)       (1.2) (1,138.3)    (662.2)         2.5     (659.7)

Profit for the year                  -          -         -           -       72.6      72.6          0.6       73.2
Other comprehensive income           -          -       9.4         0.1       46.7      56.2          0.7       56.9
Total comprehensive income
and expense for the year             -          -       9.4         0.1      119.3    128.8           1.3     130.1
Equity dividends paid (see
note 9)                              -         -          -           -    (109.4)    (109.4)        (0.4)    (109.8)
At 31 March 2018                  51.9     446.5      (11.7)       (1.1) (1,128.4)    (642.8)         3.4     (639.4)

Profit for the year                  -          -         -           -       54.3      54.3          0.5       54.8
Other comprehensive
income/(expense)                     -          -       1.8           -      (17.5)    (15.7)        (0.2)     (15.9)
Total comprehensive income
and expense for the year             -          -       1.8           -       36.8      38.6          0.3       38.9
Adoption of IFRS 15                  -          -         -           -       58.9      58.9            -       58.9
Equity dividends paid (see
note 9)                              -         -          -           -     (26.3)     (26.3)        (0.4)     (26.7)
At 31 March 2019                  51.9     446.5       (9.9)       (1.1) (1,059.0)    (571.6)         3.3     (568.3)

The ‘other reserve’ represents the Company’s reorganisation of its ordinary share capital on 8 March 2013, which the
Directors consider to be distributable.

The cash flow hedge reserve arises from the cumulative amount of gains or losses on hedging instruments and
associated deferred tax taken directly to equity under the hedge accounting provisions of IAS 39.

The currency translation reserve arises from exchange differences on translation of the net assets of Group’s foreign
subsidiaries.




                                                                                                                    26
                                        CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                             As at 31 March 2019

                                                                                                  Restated           Restated
                                                                        31 March 2019       31 March 20181      31 March 2017
                                                                Note              £m                   £m                  £m
Non-current assets
Intangible assets                                                 10              138.9               131.4              123.7
Property, plant and equipment                                     11            4,468.7             4,335.8            4,204.5
Investments in jointly controlled entities                        12               18.1                21.3                7.8
Financial assets                                                                   11.4                11.4               11.4
Amounts receivable relating to associated companies                                31.6                31.3               23.9
                                                                                4,668.7             4,531.2            4,371.3
Current assets
Inventories                                                       13                5.2                 4.3                3.7
Trade and other receivables                                       14              195.5               170.4              167.9
Interest bearing loans                                            14               12.6                12.7                2.8
Assets held for resale                                                                -                   -               42.5
Short term cash deposits                                          15                1.3                 1.9                1.9
Cash and cash equivalents                                         15               20.9               107.5              106.7
                                                                                  235.5               296.8              325.5
Total assets                                                                    4,904.2             4,828.0            4,696.8
Non-current liabilities
Interest bearing loans and borrowings                             17            4,205.3             4,216.6            3,821.9
Provisions                                                        19                1.4                 1.1                1.2
Deferred income tax liabilities                                    8              412.3               391.6              377.5
Pension liability                                                 26              106.8                92.9              155.3
Hedging instruments                                               21               75.3                62.8               75.7
Other payables                                                                      1.8                 2.7                2.4
Grants and deferred income                                        20              385.4               437.7              414.7
                                                                                5,188.3             5,205.4            4,848.7
Current liabilities
Interest bearing loans and borrowings                             17               55.8                43.6              286.7
Provisions                                                        19                0.2                 0.2                0.2
Trade and other payables                                          16              221.1               206.7              217.6
Income tax payable                                                                  7.1                11.5                3.3
                                                                                  284.2               262.0              507.8
Total liabilities                                                               5,472.5             5,467.4            5,356.5
Net liabilities                                                                  (568.3)             (639.4)            (659.7)

Capital and reserves
Other reserve                                                                      51.9                51.9               51.9
Share premium reserve                                                             446.5               446.5              446.5
Cash flow hedge reserve                                                            (9.9)              (11.7)             (21.1)
Currency translation                                                               (1.1)               (1.1)              (1.2)
Accumulated deficit                                                            (1,059.0)           (1,128.4)          (1,138.3)
Equity shareholders’ deficit                                                     (571.6)             (642.8)            (662.2)
Non-controlling interests                                                           3.3                 3.4                2.5
Total capital and reserves                                                       (568.3)             (639.4)            (659.7)

1.   The prior year balances have been restated to reflect a reclassification of assets related to computer software as intangible
     assets, in accordance with IAS 38 Intangible Assets (see note 23).

Approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on 12 July 2019 and signed on its behalf by:




H Mottram
Chief Executive Officer
Registered number 04760441


                                                                                                                                 27
                               CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                   For the year ended 31 March 2019
                                                                                       Year to           Year to
                                                                                 31 March 2019    31 March 2018
                                                                          Note             £m                £m
Operating activities
Reconciliation of profit before interest to net cash flows from
operating activities
Profit on ordinary activities before interest                                           350.0             351.8
Depreciation and impairment losses                                                      131.9             136.8
Other non-cash charges and credits                                                       (7.8)            (14.2)
Net credit for provisions, less payments                                                 (0.2)             (0.1)
Difference between pension contributions paid and amounts recognised in
the income statement                                                                     (9.5)             (8.0)
Increase in inventories                                                                  (0.9)             (0.5)
Increase in trade and other receivables                                                 (25.1)            (18.8)
Increase in trade and other payables                                                     14.2               9.9
Cash generated from operations                                                          452.6             456.9
Interest paid                                                                          (230.4)           (232.9)
Income taxes paid (including overseas tax paid of £0.2m (2018: £0.2m
received                                                                                (18.9)            (18.5)
Income taxes repaid in respect of prior periods                                             -               9.5
Net cash flows from operating activities                                                203.3             215.0
Investing activities
Interest received                                                                         0.9               1.0
Capital grants received                                                                   6.2              18.9
Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                     3.3               1.3
Cash inflow on disposal of subsidiary undertakings                                          -               1.8
Cash inflow on acquisition of subsidiary undertakings                                       -               0.3
Dividends received from jointly controlled entities                                       1.0               0.5
Short term cash deposits                                                                  0.6                 -
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                        (232.3)           (241.8)
Net cash flows from investing activities                                               (220.3)           (218.0)
Financing activities
New borrowings                                                                            10.0            400.0
Settled hedge instrument                                                                  (0.2)               -
Dividends paid to minority interests                                                      (0.4)            (0.4)
Dividends paid to equity shareholders                                                    (26.3)          (109.4)
Repayment of borrowings                                                                  (39.4)          (230.4)
Payment of principal under hire purchase contracts and finance leases                        -              1.9
Acquisition of externally held loan stock issued by a subsidiary                          (5.8)           (56.6)
Net cash flows from financing activities                                                 (62.1)             5.1

(Decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                        (79.1)              2.1
Cash and cash equivalents at start of year                                 15           107.5             105.4
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                   15            28.4             107.5

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                   15            20.9             107.5
Short term cash deposits                                                   15             1.3               1.9
Total cash, cash equivalents and short term cash deposits                                22.2             109.4




                                                                                                               28
                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                 For the year ended 31 March 2019

1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(a) Statement of compliance
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union
as it applies to the financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2019 and in accordance with the
Companies Act 2006.

The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis taking into account the principal risks and
uncertainties disclosed in the Directors’ Report, which assumes that the Group will have adequate funding to meet its
liabilities as they fall due in the foreseeable future. As at 31 March 2019, the Group had net current liabilities of £48.7m
(2018: net current assets of £34.8m) and net liabilities of £568.3m (2018: £639.4m). The Directors have reviewed cash
flow requirements, including reasonably possible changes in trading performance, and are confident that they will be able
to meet these from funds available and existing financing facilities. Accordingly, the Directors believe it is appropriate to
prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis. Further details can be found in the ‘Financial statements
preparation and going concern’ section in the Directors’ Report.

The Directors consider the following accounting policies to be relevant in relation to the Group’s financial statements. The
financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2019 were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors
on 12 July 2019 and the balance sheet was signed on the Board’s behalf by H Mottram (CEO).

The Group has adopted a number of standards, amendments to standards and interpretations during the year. With the
exception of IFRS 15 ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’, there was no material impact on the financial statements.

IFRS 15 – Revenue from Contracts with Customers
The Group adopted IFRS 15 with effect from 1 April 2018 and has applied the standard retrospectively with the
cumulative effect recognised at the date of initial application. Prior years have not been restated.

The adoption of the standard has had no effect on the timing or amount of revenue recognised in relation to the provision
of water and wastewater services to household customers and non-household retailers.

Contributions related to the connection of new properties to the Company’s networks, comprising infrastructure charges,
new connection charges, requisitioned mains and sewers and adopted assets, continue to be recognised as deferred
income and amortised to the income statement over the expected useful life of the connection. However, the amortisation
is now reported as revenue rather than as a credit within operating costs.

Other contributions to capital investment, most significantly mains and sewer diversions, are now recognised in full as
revenue in the income statement upon satisfaction of the performance obligation. Contributions of this type recognised
previously as deferred income in the balance sheet have been reclassified to retained earnings in the opening balance
sheet, along with the associated deferred tax.

The transition impact on the opening balance sheet was a reduction in deferred income of £70.9m, an increase in
deferred tax liability of £12.0m and a net increase in retained earnings of £58.9m.

In the year to 31 March 2019, £2.6m has been recognised as revenue which would previously have been treated as
deferred capital income and amortised over a period of between 4 and 200 years. Sums totalling £9.8m are included
within receipts in advance relating to contributions received where the performance obligation has not yet been satisfied.
Revenue for the year to 31 March 2019 includes £5.3m which would previously have been classified within operating
costs as amortisation of capital grants.

NWG is a private company, limited by shares and is registered, incorporated and domiciled in England and Wales.

The Group financial statements are presented in sterling and all values are rounded to the nearest one hundred thousand
pounds (£0.1m) except where otherwise indicated.




                                                                                                                          29
1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(b) Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except where adopted
IFRS require an alternative treatment. The consolidated financial statements include the Company and its subsidiary
undertakings. The results of subsidiaries acquired during the period are included from the date of their acquisition. The
results of subsidiaries disposed of during the period are included to the date of their disposal. Inter-segment revenue and
profits are eliminated fully on consolidation. In accordance with IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements and IFRS 12
Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities, the financial statements of two companies are consolidated as special purpose
entities, with effect from 12 May 2004, the date of the transaction which utilised these entities.

Where necessary, adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies used under relevant local GAAP in the
individual financial statements of the Company, subsidiaries and jointly controlled entities into line with those used by the
Group under IFRS.

Non-controlling interests represent the portion of profit or loss and net assets in subsidiaries that is not held by the Group
and is presented within equity in the consolidated balance sheet, separately from parent shareholders’ equity.

(c) Associates and jointly controlled entities
Investments in associates and jointly controlled entities in the Group financial statements are accounted for using the
equity method of accounting where the Group exercises significant influence over the associate. Significant influence is
generally presumed to exist where the Group’s effective ownership is 20% or more. The Group’s share of the post tax
profits less losses of associates and jointly controlled entities is included in the consolidated income statement and the
carrying value in the balance sheet comprises the Group’s share of their net assets/liabilities less distributions received
and any impairment losses. Goodwill arising on the acquisition of associates and jointly controlled entities, representing
the excess of the cost of investment compared to the Group’s share of net fair value of the associate’s identifiable assets,
liabilities and contingent liabilities, is included in the carrying amount of the associate and is not amortised. Where
necessary, adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies used into line with those of the Group to take into
account fair values assigned at the date of acquisition and to reflect impairment losses where appropriate. Adjustments
are also made to the Group’s financial statements to eliminate the Group’s share of unrealised gains and losses on
transactions between the Group and its jointly controlled entities and associates.

(d) Goodwill
Goodwill arising on the acquisition of subsidiary undertakings and businesses represents the excess of the fair value of
the consideration given over the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities acquired. Following initial recognition,
goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Prior to 1 April 2004, goodwill was amortised over
its estimated useful life; such amortisation ceased on 31 March 2004. Goodwill relating to acquisitions since 1 April 2004
is not amortised. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to the
related cash-generating units monitored by management. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is
less than its carrying amount, including goodwill, an impairment loss is recognised in the income statement. The carrying
amount of goodwill allocated to a cash-generating unit is taken into account when determining the gain or loss on
disposal of the unit, or of an operation within it.

(e) Intangible assets other than goodwill
Intangible assets include computer software and are recognised at cost less accumulated amortisation and any provision
for impairment. Computer software is amortised evenly to its estimated economic life over a period of 2 to 25 years.
Software is not amortised until commissioned.

Other intangible fixed assets represent the right to receive income under the operating agreement with the EA in respect
of the Kielder Water transfer scheme. The value of this intangible asset has been assessed with reference to the net
monies raised in accordance with the Kielder securitisation on 12 May 2004. The term of the operating agreement is in
perpetuity and, accordingly, no amortisation is provided. The value of this intangible is assessed for impairment on an
annual basis in accordance with IAS 36 ‘Impairment of Assets’.

Expenditure on internally developed intangible assets, excluding development costs, is taken to the income statement in
the period in which it is incurred. Intangible assets acquired separately from a business are carried initially at cost. An
intangible asset acquired as part of a business combination is recognised outside goodwill if the asset is separable or
arises from contractual or other legal rights and its fair value can be measured reliably. Development expenditure is
recognised as an intangible asset only after its technical feasibility and commercial viability can be demonstrated, the
availability of adequate technical and financial resources and an intention to complete the project have been confirmed
and the correlation between development costs and future revenues has been established.



                                                                                                                            30
1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(f) Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
Property, plant and equipment, including assets in the course of construction, comprise infrastructure assets (being mains
and sewers, impounding and pumped raw water storage reservoirs, dams, sludge pipelines and sea outfalls) and other
assets (including properties, overground plant and equipment).

Purchased property, plant and equipment are included at cost less accumulated depreciation and any provision for
impairment. Cost comprises the aggregate amount incurred and the fair value of any other consideration given to acquire
the asset and includes costs directly attributable to making the asset capable of operating as intended.

Where assets are constructed by a developer and adopted by NWL at no cost to the company, the assets are recognised
in the balance sheet at their fair value on the date of the transfer and an equivalent value is recognised in deferred
income. The fair value is based on the average cost to the Company of constructing an equivalent asset.

Freehold land is not depreciated. Other assets are depreciated evenly over their estimated economic lives, which are
principally as follows: freehold buildings, 30-60 years; operational structures, plant and machinery, 4-92 years;
infrastructure assets 4-200 years (see below); and fixtures, fittings, tools and equipment, 4-10 years.

The carrying values of property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment if events or changes in circumstances
indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable and are written down immediately to their recoverable amount. Useful
lives and residual values are reviewed annually and, where adjustments are required, these are made prospectively.
Assets in the course of construction are not depreciated until commissioned.

Infrastructure assets
In the regulated water services business, infrastructure assets comprise a network of systems being mains and sewers,
reservoirs, dams and sea outfalls.

Infrastructure assets were measured at a date prior to transition to IFRS (23 May 2003) at their fair value, which was
adopted as deemed historical cost on transition to IFRS. The assets and liabilities were measured at fair value as a result
of the acquisition on 23 May 2003.

Expenditure on infrastructure assets which enhances the asset base is treated as fixed asset additions while
maintenance expenditure which does not enhance the asset base is charged as an operating cost.

Infrastructure assets are depreciated evenly to their estimated residual values over their estimated economic lives, which
are principally as follows:

Dams and impounding reservoirs                                                                                   150 years
Water mains                                                                                                      100 years
Sea outfalls                                                                                                      60 years
Sewers                                                                                                           200 years
Dedicated pipelines                                                                                             4-20 years

(g) Financial assets
Financial assets comprise loans to third parties recoverable in more than one year and include cash held on long term
deposit as a guaranteed investment contract relating to the Kielder securitisation. These assets are recognised at cost
and are measured annually based on the ability of the borrower to repay. Any impairment is taken to the income
statement in the period in which it arises. Loans and receivables are measured at amortised cost using the effective
interest rate method. The Group assesses at each balance sheet date whether a financial asset or group of financial
assets is impaired.

(h) Foreign currency transactions
Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the functional currency by applying the spot exchange rate
ruling at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are re-translated at
the functional currency rate of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. The functional and presentational currency of
NWG is United Kingdom sterling (£). Assets and liabilities of subsidiaries and jointly controlled entities in foreign
currencies are translated into sterling at rates of exchange ruling at the end of the financial period and the results of
foreign subsidiaries are translated at the average rate of exchange for the period. Differences on exchange arising from
the re-translation of the opening net investment in subsidiary companies and jointly controlled entities, and from the
translation of the results of those companies at the average rate, are taken to equity. All other foreign exchange
differences are taken to the income statement in the period in which they arise.

                                                                                                                          31
1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(h) Foreign currency transactions (continued)
Unrealised gains and losses arising from changes in foreign currency exchange rates are not cash flows. However, the
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents held or due in a foreign currency is reported in the cash
flow statement in order to reconcile cash and cash equivalents at the beginning and the end of the period. This amount is
presented separately from cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, where material, and includes the
differences, if any, had those cash flows been reported at end of period exchange rates.

(i) Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises direct materials and, where
applicable, direct labour costs, as well as an element of overheads that have been incurred in bringing the inventories to
their present locations and condition.

(j) Revenues
Provision of services
Revenue, which excludes value added tax, represents the fair value of the income receivable in the ordinary course of
business for services provided. The Group adopted IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers with effect from 1
April 2018. Under IFRS 15 revenue is recognised as performance obligations to the customer are satisfied.

Revenue is not recognised until the services have been provided to the customer. Revenue for services relates to the
period, excluding any amounts paid in advance. Revenue for measured water and wastewater charges includes amounts
billed plus an estimation of the amounts unbilled at the year end. The accrual is estimated using a defined methodology
based upon daily average water consumption, which is calculated based upon historical billing information. Wholesale
charges for non-household customers are estimated on the basis of market information provided by MOSL. This policy
represents no change to the timing of recognition for water and wastewater services upon the adoption of IFRS 15.

A secondary source of revenue is contributions to capital investment, particularly from developers.

For contributions related to the connection of new properties to the Group’s networks, comprising infrastructure charges,
new connection charges, requisitioned mains and sewers and adopted assets, the Group considers that these activities
form a combined performance obligation that is not distinct from the ongoing provision of water and wastewater services
through the new connection. On this basis, these contributions continue to be recognised as deferred income and
amortised to the income statement over the expected useful life of the connection, per note 1(l).

For other contributions to capital investment, most significantly mains and sewer diversions, the Group considers that the
performance obligation is satisfied upon completion of the investment, which will typically be the point at which the
associated asset is brought into use. On this basis, these contributions are recognised in full in the income statement
upon satisfaction of the performance obligation. Contributions received before the performance obligation is satisfied are
recorded as receipts in advance.

(k) Dividends
Dividends payable and receivable are recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive the revenue is established.

(l) Grants and contributions
Grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all
attaching conditions will be complied with. Revenue grants are credited to the income statement in the period to which
they relate. Capital grants and contributions relating to property, plant and equipment are treated as deferred income and
amortised to the income statement over the expected useful economic lives of the related assets. Deferred income
relating to assets adopted from customers, recognised in accordance with IFRIC 18, is amortised to the income statement
over the expected useful economic lives of the related assets.

(m) Hire purchase and leasing
Where assets are financed by leasing arrangements which transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to
the Group, the assets are treated as if they had been purchased at their fair value or, if lower, at the present value of the
minimum lease payments. Rentals or leasing payments are treated as consisting of a capital element and finance
charges, the capital element reducing the outstanding liability and the finance charges being charged to the income
statement over the period of the leasing contract at a constant rate on the reducing outstanding liability.

Rentals under operating leases (where the lessor retains a significant proportion of the risks and rewards of ownership)
are expensed in the income statement on a straight line basis over the lease term.




                                                                                                                          32
1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(n) Pensions and other post-employment benefits
Defined benefit scheme
The cost of providing benefits under the defined benefit scheme is determined using the projected unit credit method,
which attributes entitlement to benefits to the current period (to determine current service cost) and to the current and
prior periods (to determine the present value of defined benefit obligation) and is based on actuarial advice. Past service
costs are recognised in the income statement on a straight line basis over the vesting period or immediately if the benefits
have vested. When a settlement (eliminating all obligations for benefits already accrued) or a curtailment (reducing future
obligations as a result of a material reduction in the scheme membership or a reduction in future entitlement) occurs, the
obligation and related plan assets are re-measured using current actuarial assumptions and the resultant gain or loss
recognised in the income statement during the period in which the settlement or curtailment occurs. Net interest is
calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit asset or liability.

The service cost is disclosed in employment costs and the net interest expense is disclosed within finance costs payable.

Actuarial gains and losses on experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are recognised in full in the
period in which they occur in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

Defined contribution scheme
The Group also operates defined contribution schemes. Obligations for contributions to the scheme are recognised as an
expense in the income statement in the period in which they arise.

(o) Taxation
Current tax
Current tax assets and liabilities for the current and prior periods are measured at the amount expected to be recovered
from, or paid to, the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amounts are those that are
enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date.

Deferred tax
Deferred tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences at the balance sheet date between the tax
bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences except:
 where the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or liability in a transaction
   that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable
   profit or loss; and
 in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in
   jointly controlled entities, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is
   probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry forward of unused tax credits and
unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible
temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised except:
 where the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an
   asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither
   the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
 in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in
   jointly controlled entities, deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that the temporary
   differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary
   differences can be utilised.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no
longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised.
Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at each balance sheet date and are recognised to the extent that it has
become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is
realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted, or substantively enacted, at
the balance sheet date.




                                                                                                                            33
1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(o) Taxation (continued)
Deferred tax is recognised in the income statement, except when it relates to items that are recognised in other
comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the deferred tax is also recognised in other comprehensive
income or directly in equity respectively.

Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets
against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.

Value added tax
Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of value added tax except:
 where the value added tax incurred on a purchase of assets or services is not recoverable from the taxation authority,
    in which case the value added tax is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the
    expense item as applicable; and
 receivables and payables. The net amount of value added tax recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority
    is included as part of receivables or payables in the balance sheet.

(p) Derivative financial instruments
The Group utilises interest and inflation rate swaps, gilt locks, forward power contracts and forward exchange contracts
as derivative financial instruments.

A derivative instrument is considered to be used for hedging purposes when it alters the risk profile of an underlying
exposure of the Group in line with the Group’s risk management policies. Interest rate swap agreements are used to
manage interest rate exposures. Derivative financial instruments are stated at their fair value.

Hedge accounting is employed in respect of those derivative financial instruments fulfilling the requirements for hedge
accounting as prescribed under IFRS 9. The Group has not applied hedge accounting criteria under IFRS 9 on a
retrospective basis. Existing derivative financial instruments, if eligible for hedge accounting, continue to apply the
hedging criteria under the provisions of IAS 39.

Derivative financial instruments are measured at fair value, which is considered to be the price that would be received to
sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction reflecting the credit risk of the counterparties in the
principal (or most advantageous) market under market conditions as at the balance sheet date.

The fair value of forward exchange contracts is calculated by reference to current forward exchange rates for contracts
with similar maturity profiles. The fair value of interest rate swaps is determined by reference to market values for similar
instruments.

Hedging transactions undertaken by the Group are classified as either fair value hedges when they hedge the exposure
to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset or liability; or cash flow hedges where they hedge exposure to variability
in currency cash flows that is either attributable to a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or a
forecast transaction.

In relation to fair value hedges, which meet the conditions for hedge accounting, any gain or loss from re-measuring the
hedging instrument at fair value is recognised immediately in the income statement.

In relation to cash flow hedges to hedge firm currency commitments which meet the conditions for hedge accounting, the
portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument that is determined to be an effective hedge is recognised directly in
the cash flow hedge reserve and the ineffective portion is recognised in the income statement.

When the hedged firm commitment results in the recognition of a non-financial asset or a non-financial liability then, at the
time the asset or liability is recognised, the associated gains or losses that had previously been recognised in the cash
flow hedge reserve are included in the initial measurement of the acquisition cost or other carrying amount of the asset or
liability. For all other cash flow hedges, the gains or losses that are recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve are
transferred to the income statement in the same periods in which the hedged firm commitment affects the income
statement.

For derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting, any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value are taken
directly to the income statement.




                                                                                                                             34
1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(p) Derivative financial instruments (continued)
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised, or no longer
qualifies for hedge accounting. At that point in time, any cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument recognised in
the cash flow hedge reserve is kept in the cash flow hedge reserve until the forecast transaction occurs. If a hedged
transaction is no longer expected to occur, the net cumulative gain or loss recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve is
transferred to the income statement.

(q) Interest bearing loans and borrowings
All loans and borrowings are initially stated at the amount of the net proceeds, being fair value of the consideration
received net of issue costs associated with the borrowing. Finance costs (including issue costs) are taken to the income
statement over the term of the debt at a constant rate on the balance sheet carrying amount. The carrying amount is
increased by the finance charges amortised and reduced by payments made in respect of the accounting period. The
carrying amount of index linked borrowings increases annually in line with the relevant RPI, with the accretion being
charged to the income statement as finance costs payable. Other borrowing costs are recognised as an expense when
incurred.

Loans and borrowings acquired at acquisition are restated to fair value. The adjustment arising on acquisition is
amortised to the income statement on the basis of the maturity profile of each instrument. Realised gains and losses that
occur from the early termination of loans and borrowings are taken to the income statement in that period.

Net debt is the sum of all loans and borrowings less cash and cash equivalents, short term cash deposits, financial
investments and loans receivable.

(r) Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs are generally expensed as incurred. Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or
construction of an asset that necessarily takes a substantial time to prepare for its intended use are capitalised while the
asset is being constructed as part of the cost of that asset.

Capitalisation ceases when the asset is substantially ready for its intended use or sale. If active development is
interrupted for an extended period, capitalisation is suspended. When construction occurs piecemeal, and use of each
part ceases upon substantial completion of that part, a weighted average cost of borrowings is used.

(s) Loans and receivables
Loans and receivables are measured at fair value on initial recognition, being the cash proceeds received net of any
direct issue costs. Loans and receivables are subsequently measured at amortised cost applying the effective interest
method.

(t) Cash and cash equivalents and short term cash deposits
Cash and cash equivalents disclosed in the balance sheet comprise cash at bank and in hand and short term deposits
with a maturity on acquisition of three months or less, which are held for the purpose of meeting short term cash
commitments rather than for investment or other purposes. Cash equivalents are readily convertible to a known amount
of cash and subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

Short term cash deposits disclosed in the balance sheet comprise cash deposited with a maturity of greater than three
months on acquisition, a fixed interest rate and which do not constitute cash equivalents under IAS 7 ‘Statement of Cash
Flows’.

For the purpose of the consolidated cash flow statement, cash and cash equivalents are as defined above, net of
outstanding bank overdrafts.

(u) Trade and other receivables
Trade receivables are measured at fair value on initial recognition. If there is objective evidence that the amount
receivable is impaired, it is written down to its recoverable amount, with the irrecoverable amount being recognised as an
expense in operating costs.

The Group makes use of a simplified approach in accounting for trade and other receivables and records the loss
allowance as lifetime expected credit losses. These are the expected shortfalls in contractual cash flows, considering the
potential for default at any point during the life of the trade receivable. In calculating the expected loss, the Group applies
expected recovery rates, based on actual historical cash performance and forward looking information.




                                                                                                                            35
1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(v) Fixed asset investments
Investments are initially recorded at the fair value of the consideration given including the acquisition charges associated
with the investment. Subsequent to initial recognition, they are valued at original cost less any impairment.

(w) Provisions
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is
probable that an outflow of resources will be required and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the
obligation.

(x) Impairment of assets
The Group assesses at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any such
indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Group makes an estimate of the asset’s
recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or cash-generating unit’s fair value less
costs to sell and its value in use and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash
inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. Where the carrying amount of an
asset exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount. In
assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate
that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. Impairment losses
on continuing operations are recognised in the income statement in those expense categories consistent with the function
of the impaired asset.

An assessment is made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that previously recognised
impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such indication exists the recoverable amount is
estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to
determine the asset’s recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised. If that is the case the carrying
amount of the asset is increased to its recoverable amount. That increased amount cannot exceed the carrying amount
that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior
years. Such reversal is recognised in the income statement unless the asset is carried at revalued amount, in which case
the reversal is treated as a revaluation increase. After such a reversal the depreciation charge is adjusted in future
periods to allocate the asset’s revised carrying amount, less any residual value, on a systematic basis over its remaining
useful life.

(y) De-recognition of financial assets and liabilities
A financial asset or liability is generally de-recognised when the contract that gives rise to it is settled, sold, cancelled or
expires.

Where an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the
terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a de-recognition of
the original liability and the recognition of a new liability, such that the difference in the respective carrying amounts
together with any costs or fees incurred are recognised in the income statement.

(z) Accounting standards
At the date of signing of these financial statements, the following relevant major standards were in issue but not yet
effective. The Directors anticipate that the Group will adopt these standards on their effective dates. There are no other
standards or interpretations in issue but not yet adopted which the Directors anticipate will have a material impact on the
Group.

IFRS 16 – Leases
At the balance sheet date, the new accounting standard IFRS 16 – Leases was in issue but not yet effective. IFRS 16 will
be effective for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019 and will be applied retrospectively with the cumulative affect
of initially applying the standard at the date of initial application. Prior years will not be restated.

This standard sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases. The
primary impact will be to reclassify most leases currently classified as operating leases as finance leases, resulting in the
recognition of a finance lease obligation and an associated non-current asset.

The Company intends to adopt the practical expedient available under the standard, and not apply the standard to
existing contracts not previously identified as containing a lease. However, IFRS 16 will be applied to operating leases
disclosed in note 18 and new contracts entered into after the date of initial application.




                                                                                                                             36
1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(z) Accounting standards (continued)
It is anticipated that this will result in the recognition of a finance lease obligation of approximately £3.8m and a
corresponding non-current asset of £3.7m, adjusted for prepayments and accruals, with no associated deferred tax
impact.

Work is ongoing to ensure that all contractual arrangements falling within scope of the standard are correctly identified.
This includes further discussions with the sector as a whole, specifically on below ground assets, which may change the
amount recognised on adoption and reflected in the financial statements for the year ending 31 March 2020. The
Company does not anticipate that the adoption of IFRS 16 will have a material impact on the reported profit in the period
of initial application.

(aa) Significant accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty
In the process of applying the accounting policies, the Group is required to make certain judgements, estimates and
assumptions that it believes are reasonable based on the information available. Actual results may have a significant risk
of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

The significant accounting judgements were:
 the estimation of income for measured water and sewerage services supplied but not billed at the end of the financial
   period. Consumption by measured domestic customers is billed in arrears on quarterly or six-monthly cycles.
   Revenue is estimated and accrued using a defined methodology based upon historical usage and the relevant tariff
   per customer. Consumption by non-household properties is billed to the relevant retailer under the terms of the
   Wholesale Contract and may be either in advance or in arrears. Revenue billed in arrears is estimated by reference to
   wholesale market settlement reports, adjusted for any additional information obtained after a settlement report has
   been run;
 the estimation of uncertain tax provisions, which are assessed on advice from independent tax advisers and the
   status of ongoing discussions with the relevant tax authorities; and
 the asset lives assigned to property, plant and equipment, details of which can be found in note 1(f).

The significant accounting estimates were:
 those assumptions used in arriving at the pension asset/liability under IAS 19. These key assumptions and their
   possible impact are disclosed in note 26, ‘Pensions and other post-retirement benefits’;
 the bad debt provision, which is determined by estimating expected credit losses based on the Group’s historical
   experience of irrecoverable debts.




                                                                                                                       37
2. SEGMENTAL ANALYSIS
For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units according to the nature of its products and
services and has three reportable operating segments. The trading of the business is principally carried out within the
UK. Profit is measured at profit on ordinary activities before interest.

Northumbrian Water Limited (NWL)
NWL is one of the ten regulated water and sewerage businesses in England and Wales. NWL operates in the north east
of England, where it trades as Northumbrian Water, and in the south east of England, where it trades as Essex & Suffolk
Water. NWL also has non-regulated activities closely related to its principal regulated activity.

Water and wastewater contracts
NWG owns a number of companies to deliver specific water and wastewater contracts in Scotland, the Republic of Ireland
and Gibraltar. NWG also controls a farm based anaerobic digestion plant in West Yorkshire, England.

Other
Central unallocated costs and provisions are included in this segment. In the prior year, NWG Business Limited, NWG’s
retailer following the transfer of non-household customers from NWL, is also included in this segment up to 31 August
2017, prior to becoming a joint venture (see note 12).

Transfer prices between business segments are set on an arm’s length basis in a manner similar to transactions with third
parties. Segment revenue, segment expense and segment result include transfers between business segments. Those
transfers are eliminated on consolidation.

Revenue                                                                           Water and
                                                                                 wastewater
                                                                         NWL       contracts        Other          Total
                                                                          £m             £m           £m            £m
Year ended 31 March 2019
Segment revenue                                                        870.2          36.9            7.3        914.4
Inter-segment revenue                                                      -          (0.1)          (6.7)        (6.8)
Revenue from external customers                                        870.2          36.8            0.6        907.6

Year ended 31 March 2018
Segment revenue                                                        834.6          32.2          82.4         949.2
Inter-segment revenue                                                  (71.1)            -          (6.9)        (78.0)
Revenue from external customers                                        763.5          32.2          75.5         871.2

Profit on ordinary activities before interest                                     Water and
                                                                                 wastewater
                                                                         NWL       contracts        Other          Total
                                                                          £m             £m           £m            £m
Year ended 31 March 2019
Segment profit/(loss) on ordinary activities before interest           348.3            3.5          (1.8)       350.0
Net finance costs                                                                                               (266.5)
Share of loss after tax from jointly controlled entities                                                          (2.2)
Profit on ordinary activities before taxation                                                                     81.3
Taxation                                                                                                         (26.5)
Profit for the year from continuing operations                                                                    54.8

Year ended 31 March 2018
Segment profit/(loss) on ordinary activities before interest           345.2            2.7           3.9        351.8
Net finance costs                                                                                               (258.3)
Share of loss after tax from jointly controlled entities                                                          (2.3)
Profit on ordinary activities before taxation                                                                     91.2
Taxation                                                                                                         (18.0)
Profit for the year from continuing operations                                                                    73.2




                                                                                                                      38
2. SEGMENTAL ANALYSIS (continued)
Assets and liabilities
                                                    Water and waste
                                NWL                 water contracts                 Other                     Total
                         31 March     31 March     31 March     31 March     31 March       31 March   31 March       31 March
                             2019         2018         2019         2018         2019           2018       2019           2018
                              £m           £m           £m           £m           £m             £m         £m             £m
Segment assets            4,789.8     4,692.5          20.0         20.6         94.4         114.9     4,904.2       4,828.0
Segment liabilities       4,276.6     4,254.1           7.2          7.2      1,188.7       1,206.1     5,472.5       5,467.4
Other comprises head office companies, NWGB (up to 31 August 2017, prior to becoming a joint venture) and internal
balances.

                                                    Water and waste
                                NWL                 water contracts                 Other                     Total
                         31 March     31 March     31 March     31 March     31 March       31 March   31 March       31 March
                             2019         2018         2019         2018         2019           2018       2019           2018
                              £m           £m           £m           £m           £m             £m         £m             £m
Property, plant and
equipment additions        263.8        260.7           0.7           0.8         0.8             -       265.3         261.5
Depreciation               129.5        134.8           2.4           1.8           -           0.2       131.9         136.8

Geographical information
Revenue from continuing operations from external customers from the UK was £887.4m (2018: £852.2m). Revenue from
other countries was £20.2m (2018: £19.0m).

Profit before tax from continuing operations from UK activities, which includes the results from joint controlled entities (see
note 12a), was £78.2m (2018: £88.2m). Profit before tax from overseas activities was £3.1m (2018: £3.0m).

Non-current assets for operations in the UK were £4,664.7m (2018: £4,524.7m). Non-current assets for operations in
other countries were £4.0m (2018: £6.5m).

3. OPERATING COSTS
                                                                                                  Year to           Year to
                                                                                            31 March 2019    31 March 2018
                                                                                                       £m               £m
Materials and consumables                                                                            19.6             18.0
Inventories recognised as an expense                                                                  3.4              2.6
Total employment costs (see note 6)                                                                156.6             150.3
Own work capitalised                                                                                (41.1)           (38.2)
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (see note 11)                                        131.9             129.7
Amortisation of intangible assets (see note 10 and 23)                                                8.2              7.1
Profit on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                  (2.8)            (1.2)
Amortisation of capital grants                                                                       (0.4)            (6.7)
Profit on disposal of subsidiary                                                                        -             (4.9)
Costs of research and development                                                                     0.9              0.7
Operating lease payments                                                                              2.4              2.5
Bad debt charge                                                                                      12.4             11.4
Other operating costs                                                                              266.5             248.1
Operating costs                                                                                    557.6             519.4




                                                                                                                             39
4. AUDITOR'S REMUNERATION
                                                                                                Year to             Year to
                                                                                          31 March 2019      31 March 2018
                                                                                                    £m                  £m
Fees payable for the audit of parent Company and consolidated financial statements                  0.1                0.1
Other fees to auditor:
Audit of subsidiaries                                                                                 0.3               0.2
Audit related assurance services                                                                      0.1               0.1
Other non-audit services                                                                              0.1               0.1
                                                                                                      0.6               0.5

5. DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS
(a) Directors’ remuneration

The remuneration of the Directors of the Group was as follows:

                                                                                              Year to              Year to
                                                                                        31 March 2019       31 March 2018
                                                                                                 £000                £000
Emoluments (including benefits in kind)                                                           977                 999

None of the Directors were members of the defined contribution pension scheme at 31 March 2019 (2018: nil).

Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP)
Executive Directors participate in a cash based LTIP. The purpose of the LTIP is to focus on key business metrics,
engender a longer term view, encourage a one team approach, remain competitive in the executive market and
encourage the retention of our key people.

The LTIP is payable on financial performance only, with 50% related to delivery of expected distributions to Group
shareholders in line with the Board approved plan and 50% related to achievement of the Group profit after tax target.
For each element, there will be no vesting if less than 97.5% of the target value is achieved, increasing on a sliding scale
to 50% vesting if 100% of the target is achieved and 100% vesting if 105% of the target is achieved.

The amount disclosed in note 5(b), includes £63k in respect of the amount received under the LTIP.

(b) Highest paid Director

The amounts for remuneration shown in note 5(a) include the following in respect of the highest paid Director:

                                                                                              Year to              Year to
                                                                                        31 March 2019       31 March 2018
                                                                                                 £000                £000
Emoluments (including benefits in kind)                                                           930                 953




                                                                                                                         40
6. EMPLOYEE INFORMATION
The total employment costs of all employees (including Directors) of the Group were:

                                                                                             Year to           Year to
                                                                                       31 March 2019    31 March 2018
                                                                                                 £m                £m
Wages and salaries                                                                            118.4             113.6
Social security costs                                                                           12.6             12.0
Defined benefit pension service cost (see note 26)                                              19.4             19.2
Other pension costs                                                                              6.2              5.5
Total employment costs                                                                        156.6             150.3

Total employment costs were charged as follows:
Capital schemes and infrastructure renewals                                                     37.6             35.3
Manpower costs                                                                                 119.0            115.0
                                                                                               156.6            150.3

The average monthly number of employees (including Directors) of the Group were:
                                                                                              Year to          Year to
                                                                                       31 March 2019    31 March 2018
                                                                                             Number           Number
NWL                                                                                            3,146            3,052
Water and wastewater contracts                                                                   149              152
                                                                                               3,295            3,204

7. FINANCE COSTS PAYABLE/(RECEIVABLE)
                                                                                             Year to           Year to
                                                                                       31 March 2019    31 March 2018
                                                                                                 £m                £m
Finance costs payable on debentures, bank and other loans and overdrafts                      233.8             234.1
Amortisation of discount, fees, loan issue costs and other financing items                      (0.5)            (1.4)
Receivable in respect of derivatives                                                            (4.9)            (2.0)
Fair value movement on derivatives                                                              14.6             (1.2)
Capitalisation of interest                                                                      (8.5)            (6.5)
Accretion on index linked bonds                                                                 29.4             33.0
Interest cost on pension plan obligations                                                        2.1              3.6
Finance costs payable on hire purchase contracts and finance leases                              3.1              2.7
Total finance costs payable                                                                   269.1             262.3
Finance income receivable                                                                       (2.6)            (4.0)
Net finance costs payable                                                                     266.5             258.3




                                                                                                                    41
8. TAXATION
(a) Tax on profit on ordinary activities
                                                                                               Year to             Year to
                                                                                         31 March 2019      31 March 2018
                                                                                                   £m                  £m
Current tax:
UK current income tax charge at 19% (2018: 19%)
- continuing operations                                                                            18.3               17.1
Adjustment in respect of prior periods                                                             (4.1)              (0.4)
UK corporation tax                                                                                 14.2               16.7
Overseas tax                                                                                        0.3                0.1
Total current tax                                                                                  14.5               16.8
Deferred tax:
Origination and reversal of temporary differences in the year at 17% (2018: 17%)
- continuing operations                                                                              4.9               (0.4)
Effect of changes in tax rates and laws:
Adjustment in respect of prior periods                                                              7.1                1.6
Total deferred tax                                                                                 12.0                1.2

Total tax charge in the income statement                                                           26.5               18.0

Finance (No. 2) Act 2015 reduced the rate of UK corporation tax from 20% to 19% with effect from 1 April 2017. Finance
Act 2016 provides that this will be reduced to 17% with effect from 1 April 2020. Deferred tax has been provided wholly at
17% as the impact of amounts that are expected to reverse at the higher rate is insignificant.

The UK Government introduced the Corporate Interest Restriction rules in 2017 to implement Action 4 of the OECD's
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) project. The rules determine the amount of interest that companies can deduct
for UK corporation tax purposes. A proportion of the Group's interest payable in the current year is considered not to be
deductible for tax purposes and has increased the current tax charge by £5.7m (2018: £6.7m). The Group is of the
opinion that amounts which have been disallowed in the current year will not be reactivated under the BEPS legislation.
As a result, no matching deferred tax asset has been recognised (2018: asset recognised of £6.7m). The current and
deferred tax amounts booked in 2018 have been fully reversed in the current year as the interest disallowances have not
materialised.

The prior year current tax credit mainly reflects the BEPS reversal referred to above and the benefit of R&D and revised
capital allowances claims, offset by other interest adjustments.

The prior year deferred tax charge mainly reflects the BEPS reversal referred to above and the benefit of R&D and
revised capital allowances claims.

Overseas tax relates to the Group's trading activities in the Republic of Ireland and Gibraltar. Tax has arisen for the first
time in Gibraltar as brought forward tax losses have been fully utilised in the current year.

(b) Tax relating to items charged or credited outside the income statement
                                                                                               Year to             Year to
                                                                                         31 March 2019      31 March 2018
                                                                                                   £m                  £m
Deferred tax:
Actuarial gains and losses on pension schemes                                                       (3.6)              9.9
Hedging instruments                                                                                  0.3               2.0
Impact of reduction in rate of UK corporation tax                                                      -               1.0
Tax (credit)/charge in the statement of comprehensive income                                        (3.3)             12.9

Deferred tax:
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to the income statement:
Retirement benefit obligations                                                                      (3.6)             10.6
Fair value hedging instruments                                                                       0.3               2.3
Total                                                                                               (3.3)             12.9




                                                                                                                          42
8. TAXATION (continued)
(c) Reconciliation of the total tax charge
                                                                                                 Year to           Year to
                                                                                           31 March 2019    31 March 2018
                                                                                                     £m                £m
Profit on ordinary activities before taxation                                                       81.3             91.2
Profit before tax multiplied by standard rate of corporation tax of 19% (2018: 19%)                 15.4             17.3
Effects at 19% of:
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                             8.1              0.5
Depreciation in respect of non-qualifying items                                                      1.2              1.0
Non-taxable income                                                                                  (0.5)            (1.1)
Non-allowable share of jointly controlled entities                                                   0.4              0.4
Non-taxable amortisation of financing items                                                         (0.6)            (0.6)
Adjustment to tax charge in respect of prior periods                                                 3.0             (1.0)
Prior period consortium relief receivable at less than the standard rate                               -              2.2
                                                                                                    27.0             18.7
Effect of changes in tax rates and laws:
Impact on movement in deferred tax of reduction in main rate of UK corporation                      (0.5)            (0.7)
tax
Total tax charge reported in the income statement                                                   26.5             18.0

The effective tax rate for the year ended 31 March 2019 was 32.6% (2018: 19.7%). The increase of 12.9% mainly
reflects an increase in expenses not deductible for tax purposes (9.3%), an increase in prior period charges (4.9%) and a
decrease in non-taxable income (0.6%), offset by the absence in the current year of consortium relief paid for at less than
the standard rate (-2.4%).

Expenses not deductible for tax purposes includes £7.6m (2018: £nil) in respect of non-allowable interest arising from the
application of the Corporate Interest Restriction (see note 8(a) above) and thin capitalisation rules.

(d) Deferred tax
The movements in deferred tax liabilities/(assets) are as follows:

                         Accelerated                        Retirement Fair value
                                  tax   Deferred                benefit    hedging    Business
                         depreciation    income Tax losses obligations instruments combinations             Other   Total
                                  £m          £m        £m          £m          £m          £m                £m      £m
At 1 April 2017                453.4       (54.7)     (0.5)      (29.7)      (13.3)         5.6              16.7   377.5
Charge/(credit) in the
income statement                 7.3         (2.6)        0.1          2.1          0.3           (0.2)     (5.8)      1.2
Charge in other
comprehensive
income                            -            -            -         10.6          2.3              -         -     12.9
At 31 March 2018              460.7        (57.3)        (0.4)       (17.0)       (10.7)           5.4      10.9    391.6
Opening adjustment
re IFRS 15                         -         12.0           -            -            -              -         -      12.0
Charge/(credit) in the
income statement                 7.2         (2.8)       (0.3)         2.3         (2.4)          (0.1)      8.1      12.0
(Credit)/charge in
other comprehensive
income                            -            -            -         (3.6)         0.3              -         -     (3.3)
At 31 March 2019              467.9        (48.1)        (0.7)       (18.3)       (12.8)           5.3      19.0    412.3

Other includes deferred tax liabilities of £10.9m (2018: £10.9m) in respect of other intangible assets (see note 10) and
£7.4m (2018: £6.1m) in respect of capitalised interest.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where the Group has a legally enforceable right to do so.




                                                                                                                        43
8. TAXATION (continued)
(e) Factors that may affect future tax charges
The Group expects to continue to incur high levels of capital expenditure for the foreseeable future which, under current
tax legislation, should result in claims for tax reliefs in excess of depreciation.

The future change in the UK tax rate is dealt with in note 8(a) above.

9. DIVIDENDS PAID AND PROPOSED
                                                                                                  Year to              Year to
                                                                                            31 March 2019       31 March 2018
                                                                                                      £m                   £m
Declared, paid and in specie during the year:
Equity dividends on ordinary shares:
A shares:
Interim dividend for the year ended 31 March 2019: £66,645 per share (2018:
£274,417 per share)                                                                                    12.9                53.2
Second interim dividend for the year ended 31 March 2019: £65,088 per share
(2018: £272,588 per share)                                                                             12.6                52.9
B shares:
Interim dividend for the year ended 31 March 2019: £282 per share (2018: £1,160
per share)                                                                                              0.4                 1.7
Second interim dividend for the year ended 31 March 2019: £275 per share (2018:
£1,152 per share)                                                                                       0.4                1.6
Dividends paid                                                                                         26.3              109.4

No final dividend is proposed for the year ended 31 March 2019 (2018: £nil).

10. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                        Assets in
                                                                            Software development              Other        Total
                                                                                 £m          £m                 £m          £m
Cost:1
At 1 April 2018                                                                 69.5           41.9           64.2       175.6
Additions                                                                          -           15.7              -        15.7
Transfers                                                                       27.9          (27.9)             -           -
At 31 March 2019                                                                97.4           29.7           64.2       191.3

Amortisation:
At 1 April 20181                                                                44.2               -             -         44.2
Charge for the year                                                              8.2               -             -          8.2
At 31 March 2019                                                                52.4               -             -         52.4

Carrying value:
At 31 March 2019                                                                45.0           29.7           64.2       138.9
At 31 March 20181                                                               25.3           41.9           64.2       131.4

1.   The prior year balances have been restated to reflect a reclassification of assets related to computer software as intangible
     assets, in accordance with IAS 38 Intangible Assets (see note 23).

The other intangible asset represents the right in perpetuity to receive income under the operating agreement with the EA
in respect of the Kielder Water transfer scheme and, therefore, the Directors consider the asset has an indefinite life.
Accordingly, future cash flows, which increase in line with inflation and have been assumed at 2.56%, have been
discounted at a rate of 3.1% in perpetuity to calculate a value in use. This represents a long term nominal gilt yield and
an assumed credit spread. This calculation satisfied the Group that the carrying value at 31 March 2019 had not been
impaired. Furthermore, it is improbable that the discount rate would increase to such a level that the carrying value would
be impaired.

The Group continues to apply IAS 23 Borrowing Costs (Revised) and has capitalised £1.9m for the year ended 31 March
2019 (2018: £2.1m restated). The capitalisation rate used to determine the amount of borrowing costs eligible for
capitalisation was 4.30% (2018: 4.58%).

                                                                                                                               44
11. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                          Operational   Fixtures,    Assets in
                                                  Freehold                 structures,   fittings, the course
                                                  land and Infrastructure   plant and  tools and            of
                                                  buildings        assets machinery equipment construction                 Total
                                                        £m            £m           £m          £m         £m                £m
Cost:
At 1 April 2017 restated1                           150.2         2,587.7      2,875.4         215.8         109.7     5,938.8
Additions                                               -            11.7          0.2             0         234.8       246.7
Schemes commissioned                                  4.9            80.4         74.0          15.6        (174.9)          -
In respect of acquisitions                              -               -         14.4             -             -        14.4
Disposals                                               -            (7.8)        (3.7)         (1.1)            -       (12.6)
At 31 March 2018 restated1                          155.1         2,672.0      2,960.3         230.3         169.6     6,187.3
Additions                                               -            13.4          5.7           0.3         245.9       265.3
Schemes commissioned                                  3.6            85.1        101.9           4.0        (194.6)          -
Disposals                                               -            (1.6)        (3.6)            -             -        (5.2)
At 31 March 2019                                    158.7         2,768.9      3,064.3         234.6         220.9     6,447.4
Depreciation:
At 1 April 2017 restated1                             56.7          240.5      1,256.1         181.0             -     1,734.3
Charge for the year                                    3.3           27.6         88.7          10.1             -       129.7
Disposals                                                -           (7.8)        (3.5)         (1.2)            -       (12.5)
At 31 March 2018 restated1                            60.0          260.3      1,341.3         189.9             -     1,851.5
Charge for the year                                    3.5           28.4         91.1           8.9             -       131.9
Disposals                                                -           (1.6)        (3.1)            -             -        (4.7)
At 31 March 2019                                      63.5          287.1      1,429.3         198.8             -     1,978.7
Net book value at 31 March 2019                       95.2        2,481.8      1,635.0          35.8         220.9     4,468.7
Net book value at 31 March 20181                      95.1        2,411.7      1,619.0          40.4         169.6     4,335.8
Net book value at 1 April 20171                       93.5        2,347.2      1,619.3          34.8         109.7     4,204.5

1.   The prior year balances have been restated to reflect a reclassification of assets related to computer software as intangible
     assets, in accordance with IAS 38 Intangible Assets (see note 23).

Operational structures, plant and machinery include an element of land and buildings dedicated to those assets. It is not
possible to separately identify the value of all land assets. The Group continues to apply IAS 23 Borrowing Costs
(Revised) and has capitalised £6.6m for the year ended 31 March 2019 (2018: £4.4m restated). The capitalisation rate
used to determine the amount of borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation was 4.30% (2018: 4.58%).

The net book value of property, plant and equipment held under hire purchase contracts and finance leases was as
follows:

                                                                                            31 March 2019       31 March 2018
                                                                                                      £m                   £m
Infrastructure assets                                                                                46.8                47.6
Operational structures, plant and machinery                                                          11.5                18.2
                                                                                                     58.3                65.8




                                                                                                                               45
12. INVESTMENTS
                                                                                         31 March 2019    31 March 2018
                                                                                                   £m                £m
Investments in jointly controlled entities                                                        18.1             21.3

(a) Investments in jointly controlled entities
The Group, through NWGCSL, holds 50% of the nominal value of issued ordinary £1 shares in Vehicle Lease and
Service Limited (VLS). VLS was incorporated in England and Wales and undertakes the business of hiring, leasing and
servicing of vehicles and plant.

The Group, through Northumbrian Water Projects Limited (NWP), held a 50% interest in CNL, a jointly controlled entity
incorporated in the Republic of Ireland undertaking a water network management contract.


                         Wave       VLS     CNL      Total   Wave       VLS Gascorp      CNL      Total
                      31 March 31 March 31 March 31 March 31 March 31 March 31 March 31 March 31 March
                          2019     2019     2019     2019     2018     2018     2018     2018     2018
                            £m       £m       £m       £m       £m       £m       £m       £m       £m
Revenue                  274.3      9.0     12.3    295.6    152.4      8.5      0.6      1.5    163.0
Operating costs         (274.2)    (7.8)   (13.6)  (295.6)  (152.6)    (7.3)    (1.3)    (1.7)  (162.9)
Profit/(loss) on
ordinary activities
before interest            0.1          1.2      (1.3)        -       (0.2)       1.2         (0.7)      (0.2)      0.1
Finance costs             (2.2)        (0.3)        -      (2.5)      (1.4)      (0.3)        (0.7)         -      (2.4)
payable
Finance income
receivable                 0.3               -      -       0.3        0.2          -            -          -       0.2
Profit/(loss) on
ordinary activities
before taxation           (1.8)         0.9      (1.3)     (2.2)      (1.4)       0.9         (1.4)      (0.2)     (2.1)
Taxation                   0.2         (0.2)        -         -        0.1       (0.2)        (0.1)         -      (0.2)
Profit/(loss) for
the year                  (1.6)        0.7       (1.3)     (2.2)      (1.3)       0.7         (1.5)      (0.2)     (2.3)

Non-current
assets                    13.3         9.3         -      22.6       13.0        10.3            -         -      23.3
Current assets            97.1         8.9       4.0     110.0      103.6         7.6            -       3.3     114.5
Share of gross
assets                  110.4         18.2        4.0    132.6      116.6        17.9            -        3.3    137.8
Current liabilities     (58.5)        (6.1)      (3.5)   (68.1)     (67.3)       (6.0)           -       (1.3)   (74.6)
Non-current
liabilities              (38.3)        (8.1)        -     (46.4)     (34.0)      (7.9)           -          -     (41.9)
Share of gross
liabilities              (96.8)      (14.2)      (3.5)   (114.5)   (101.3)      (13.9)           -       (1.3)   (116.5)
Share of net
assets                    13.6         4.0       0.5       18.1       15.3        4.0            -       2.0       21.3

Where, for commercial reasons, the accounting reference date of a joint venture is a date other than that of the Company,
management accounts made up to the Company’s accounting reference date have been used.




                                                                                                                          46
12. INVESTMENTS (continued)
(b) The Group’s interests in subsidiaries at 31 March 2019 were as follows:


                                                                                      Proportion of
                                                                                      nominal
                                                                                      value of
                                        Country of                                    issued
                                        incorporation or                              shares held
                                        registration and  Description of shares       by Group
Name of undertaking                     operation         held                        (%)           Business activity
NWG Commercial Solutions Limited1       England and Wales Ordinary shares of £1       100           Holding of
                                                                                                    investments and loans
Northumbrian Water Limited1             England and Wales Ordinary shares of £1       100           Water and sewerage
                                                                                                    services
Northumbrian Water Finance plc1         England and Wales Ordinary shares of £1       100           Holding of finance
                                                                                                    instruments
Caledonian Environmental                England and Wales Ordinary shares of £1       100           Wastewater services
Levenmouth Treatment Services
Limited1
Ayr Environmental Services              Scotland             Ordinary shares of £1 100              Wastewater services
Operations Limited2
AquaGib Limited3                        Gibraltar            Ordinary shares of £1 67               Water and sewerage
                                                                                                    services
Northumbrian Water Projects Limited1 England and Wales Ordinary shares of £1 100                    Wastewater services
Analytical & Environmental Services England and Wales Ordinary Shares of £1 100                     Dormant
Limited1, 5
Essex and Suffolk Water Limited1      England and Wales Ordinary Shares of £1 99.6                  Holder of loan note
Northumbrian Holdings Limited1, 5     England and Wales Ordinary Shares of £1 100                   Dormant
Northumbrian Water Mexico Limited1, 5 England and Wales Ordinary Shares of £1 100                   Dormant
Northumbrian Water Pension            England and Wales Ordinary Shares of £1 100                   Pension trustee
Trustees Limited1                                                                                   company
Northumbrian Water Share Scheme       England and Wales Ordinary Shares of £1 100                   Dormant
Trustees Limited1, 5
NWG Bioenergy Limited1, 6             England and Wales Ordinary Shares of £1 100                   Advanced digestion
                                                                                                    operation
Reiver Finance Limited1                 England and Wales Ordinary Shares of £1 100                 Finance
Reiver Holdings Limited1                England and Wales Ordinary Shares of £1 100                 Holding company
Three Rivers Insurance Company          Isle of Man       Ordinary Shares of £1 100                 Insurance
Limited4

1. Registered office: Northumbria House, Abbey Road, Pity Me, Durham, DH1 5FJ, UK.
2. Registered office: Meadowhead Wastewater Treatment Works and Sludge Treatment Centre, Meadowhead Road, Irvine, Ayrshire,
   KA11 5AY, UK.
3. Registered office: 10B Leanse Place, 50 Town Range, Gibraltar.
4. Registered office: 1st Floor, Goldie House, 1-4 Goldie Terrace, Upper Church Street, Douglas, Isle of Man, IM1 1EB.
5. The company is entitled to exemption from audit under section 480 of the Companies Act 2006 relating to dormant companies.
6. With effect from 4 July 2018, the company changed its name from Gascorp Limited.

NWG Commercial Solutions Limited and Northumbrian Water Limited are directly held. All other subsidiaries listed above
are indirectly held.

13. INVENTORIES
                                                                                         31 March 2019      31 March 2018
                                                                                                   £m                  £m
Raw materials and consumables                                                                      5.2                4.3




                                                                                                                          47
14. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                           31 March 2019    31 March 2018
                                                                                                      £m               £m
Trade receivables                                                                                 162.9            154.9
Doubtful debt provision                                                                            (85.8)           (80.2)
Amounts owed by jointly controlled entities                                                         27.6              0.8
Interest bearing loans                                                                              12.6             12.7
Prepayments and accrued income                                                                      80.7             83.2
Other receivables                                                                                   10.1             11.7
                                                                                                  208.1            183.1
As at 31 March 2019, interest bearing loans were owed by jointly controlled entities.

As at 31 March 2019, trade receivables at nominal value of £85.8m (2018: £80.2m) were impaired. Movements in the
provision for impairment of trade receivables were as follows:

                                                                                                                      £m
At 1 April 2017                                                                                                     85.3
Charge for the year                                                                                                  9.7
Utilised                                                                                                           (14.8)
At 31 March 2018                                                                                                    80.2
Charge for the year                                                                                                 12.4
Utilised                                                                                                            (6.8)
At 31 March 2019                                                                                                    85.8
The analysis of trade receivables overdue but not impaired on a net basis is as follows:

                                              0-3 months         3-12        12-24          24-36      36-48        Total
                                                     £m        months
                                                                  £m        months
                                                                                £m         months
                                                                                               £m     months
                                                                                                          £m          £m
At 31 March 2019                                    1.4         18.2          27.8           17.9       11.4        76.7
At 31 March 2018                                    0.5         18.7          22.5           14.0        8.4        64.1

15. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND SHORT TERM DEPOSITS
For the purposes of the consolidated cash flow statement, cash and cash equivalents comprise the following:

                                                                                        31 March 2019       31 March 2018
                                                                                                  £m                   £m
Cash at bank and in hand                                                                         12.6                11.5
Cash equivalent deposits                                                                          8.3                96.0
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                        20.9              107.5

Short term cash deposits >3 months                                                                   1.3              1.9




                                                                                                                        48
16. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                    31 March 2019   31 March 2018
                                                                                              £m               £m
Trade payables                                                                               28.7            17.7
Other payables                                                                               15.1            12.7
Interest payable                                                                             43.8            43.9
Amounts payable to related parties                                                           48.0            48.0
Accruals and deferred income                                                                 85.5            84.4
                                                                                           221.1           206.7

17. INTEREST BEARING LOANS AND BORROWINGS
                                                                                    31 March 2019   31 March 2018
                                                                                              £m               £m
Current:
Current instalments on borrowings (principal £50.8m, 2018: £38.0m)                          51.8              40.6
Current obligations under finance leases and hire purchase contracts (see note
18)                                                                                          4.0               3.0
                                                                                            55.8              43.6
Non-current:
Non-current obligations under finance leases and hire purchase contracts
(principal £57.1m, 2018: £56.7m) (see note 18)                                              56.9              56.5

Non-current instalments on borrowings (principal £4,167.4m, 2018: £4,178.7m)              4,148.4          4,160.1
                                                                                          4,205.3          4,216.6
Borrowings comprise the following:
Shareholder loan notes (principal £1,033.2m, 2018: £1,033.2m)                             1,033.2          1,033.2
Loans (principal £578.8m, 2018: £594.3m)                                                    577.3            593.6
Eurobonds - due 6 February 2023 bearing interest rate of 6.875% (principal
£350.0m, 2018: £350.0m)                                                                    360.9             363.9
Eurobonds - due 29 April 2033 bearing interest rate of 5.625% (principal £350.0m,
2018: £350.0m)                                                                             347.7             347.5
Eurobonds - due 23 January 2042 bearing interest rate of 5.125% (principal
£360.0m, 2018: £360.0m)                                                                    343.9             343.2
Eurobonds - due 11 October 2026 bearing interest rate of 1.625% (principal
£300.0m, 2018: £300.0m)                                                                    298.2             297.9
Eurobonds - due 5 October 2027 bearing interest rate of 2.375% (principal
£300.0m, 2018: £300.0m)                                                                    297.4             297.2
Eurobonds - due 23 January 2034 bearing interest rate of 5.87526% (principal
£243.1m, 2018: £245.0m)                                                                    241.3             242.9
Index linked Eurobonds – due 15 July 2036 bearing interest rate of 2.033%
(principal £223.7m, 2018: £216.7m)                                                         220.9             213.8
Index linked Eurobonds – due 30 January 2041 bearing interest rate of 1.6274%
(principal £88.0m, 2018: £85.3m)                                                            87.9              85.2
Index linked Eurobonds – due 16 July 2049 bearing interest rate of 1.7118%
(principal £145.7m, 2018: £141.1m)                                                         145.8             141.2
Index linked Eurobonds – due 16 July 2053 bearing interest rate of 1.7484%
(principal £145.7m, 2018: £141.1m)                                                         145.8             141.2
US Private Placement (USPP) notes - due 14 April 2021 bearing interest rate of
5.82% (principal £100.0m, 2018: £100.0m)                                                     99.9             99.9
                                                                                          4,200.2          4,200.7

Less current instalments due on bank loans (principal £50.8m, 2018: £38.0m)                        (51.8)     (40.6)
                                                                                                 4,148.4    4,160.1
The difference between the principal value of £4,167.4m (2018: £4,178.7m) and the carrying value of £4,148.4m (2018:
£4,160.1m) is unamortised issue costs of £27.8m (2018: £30.2m) and a credit of £8.6m (2018: £11.6m) in excess of the
original loan proceeds to reflect the fair value of loans owed by subsidiaries acquired in 2003.




                                                                                                                 49
17. INTEREST BEARING LOANS AND BORROWINGS (continued)
The Eurobonds – due 23 January 2034 are secured on the income receivable under the Kielder Water transfer scheme
for the period to 23 January 2034.

The value of the capital and interest elements of the index linked Eurobonds are linked to movements in the UK RPI (see
note 1(q)).

18. OBLIGATIONS UNDER HIRE PURCHASE CONTRACTS AND FINANCE LEASES
The Group utilises hire purchase contracts and finance leases to acquire infrastructure assets and motor vehicles.

                                                                                       31 March 2019      31 March 2018
                                                                                                 £m                  £m
Future minimum lease payments
Amounts due:
Not later than one year                                                                           6.0                  5.5
After one year but not more than five years                                                      18.9                 17.7
Later than five years                                                                            70.9                 74.0
                                                                                                 95.8                 97.2
Less finance charges allocated to future periods                                                (34.9)               (37.7)
Present value of minimum lease payments                                                          60.9                 59.5

Present value minimum lease payments
Amounts due:
Not later than one year                                                                           4.0                 3.0
After one year but not more than five years                                                      10.6                 9.2
Later than five years                                                                            46.3                47.3
                                                                                                 60.9                59.5
Disclosed as due:
Current liability                                                                                 4.0                 3.0
Non-current liability                                                                            56.9                56.5
                                                                                                 60.9                59.5

Lease commitments
During the year, in preparation for the implementation of IFRS 16 (see note 1z), the Group has reviewed the nature of the
commitments previously disclosed as operating leases. This review concluded that some items were previously classified
as operating leases incorrectly.

The Group has entered into non-cancellable operating leases in respect of land and buildings, plant, machinery and
motor vehicles. The future minimum rentals payable under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:

                                                                                       31 March 2019      31 March 2018
                                                                                                 £m                  £m
Not later than one year                                                                          0.5                1.5
After one year but not more than five years                                                      1.0                4.8
After five years                                                                                11.1               39.2
                                                                                                12.6               45.5




                                                                                                                         50
19. PROVISIONS
                                                                                  Decommissioning          Other        Total
                                                                                              £m             £m          £m
At 1 April 2018
Current                                                                                            -         0.2          0.2
Non-current                                                                                        -         1.1          1.1
At 1 April 2018                                                                                    -         1.3          1.3
Arising during the year                                                                          0.5           -          0.5
Utilised                                                                                           -        (0.2)        (0.2)
At 31 March 2019                                                                                 0.5         1.1          1.6
Analysed as:
Current                                                                                       -       0.2        0.2
Non-current                                                                                0.5        0.9        1.4
                                                                                           0.5        1.1        1.6
The other provision represents outstanding pension liabilities that have been awarded on a discretionary basis. These
pension liabilities have been calculated by an independent actuary, using the same actuarial assumptions as applied to
the defined benefit pension scheme (see note 26), and are expected to be paid over the remaining lives, which is
approximately four years.

20. GRANTS AND DEFERRED INCOME
                                                                        Capital grants     Revenue from
                                                                     and contributions         contracts                Total
                                                                                   £m                £m                   £m
At 1 April 2018                                                                 435.7               2.0                437.7
Additions                                                                        24.1                  -                24.1
Reclassification on adoption of IFRS 15                                         (70.9)                 -               (70.9)
Amortised during the year                                                        (5.3)             (0.2)                (5.5)
At 31 March 2019                                                                383.6               1.8                385.4

21. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

(a) Group strategy and funding risk
The level of capital expenditure which the Group is obliged to incur is such that it cannot be wholly financed by internally
generated sources. As a result, the Group must rely upon raising additional finance on a regular basis, to be principally
used to fund the long term assets required in its regulated business. The Group’s strategy is to finance such investment
by raising medium to long term debt, to provide a balance sheet match with long term assets and to fix a major proportion
of interest rates. In order to raise this finance efficiently, the Board’s aim is to retain a prudent investment grade credit
rating. A reduction in the credit rating would likely restrict future sources of funding and increase the associated cost of
new borrowing. Also, the loss of EIB as a source of low cost funding, due to Brexit, would increase borrowing costs.

(b) Treasury operations
The main purpose of the Group’s treasury function is to assess the Group’s ongoing capital requirement and to raise
funding on a timely basis, taking advantage of any favourable market opportunities. It also invests any surplus funds the
Group may have, based upon its forecast requirements and in accordance with the Group’s treasury policy. On
occasions, derivatives are used as part of this process but the Group’s policies prohibit their use for speculation.

(c) Risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments
The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are liquidity risk, interest rate risk and foreign currency risk.
The Board reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are summarised below. All treasury
activities are conducted in accordance with these policies.

(d) Liquidity risk
As regards day to day liquidity, the Group’s policy is to have available committed bank borrowing facilities with a value of
no less than £50m and with a bank agreement availability period of no less than three months. At 31 March 2019, the
Group had £450m (2018: £350m) of undrawn committed bank facilities (maturing in 2023).

(e) Interest rate risk
The Group finances its operations through a mixture of retained profits and bank borrowings. It borrows at both fixed and
variable rates of interest and, accordingly, uses interest rate swaps to generate the desired interest profile and to manage
the Group’s exposure to interest rate fluctuations. The Group’s policy is to keep a minimum 60% of its borrowings at fixed
rates of interest. At 31 March 2019, 67% (2018: 69%) of the Group’s borrowings were at fixed rates of interest. Index
linked borrowings are treated as variable rate debt.

                                                                                                                            51
21. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
(f) Foreign currency risk
The Group’s policy is that any foreign currency exposure in excess of £100k sterling equivalent of a transactional nature,
or £3m sterling equivalent of a translation nature, should be covered immediately on identification. Any exposures are
covered through the use of forward foreign exchange contracts.

(g) Market price risk
The Group’s exposure to market price risk principally comprises interest rate exposures. The Group’s policy is to accept a
degree of interest rate risk. The following table shows the impact on profit and equity of an increase in the variable cost of
borrowing. The range is considered reasonable based on the forecast variable rates of borrowing and all other elements
being consistent for the next 12 months and highlights this is not material to the Group:

Increase in basis points                                                                                                £m
Year ended 31 March 2019
+50                                                                                                                     0.2
+100                                                                                                                    0.3
+150                                                                                                                    0.5
Year ended 31 March 2018
+50                                                                                                                     0.2
+100                                                                                                                    0.4
+150                                                                                                                    0.6

(h) Credit risk
There are no significant concentrations of credit risk within the Group. Management’s assessment of the maximum credit
risk exposure relating to financial assets is represented by their carrying value as at the balance sheet date (see 21(o)).
A significant proportion of the trade debtor balances are with domestic customers who are unlikely to have a published
credit rating (see note 14).

(i) Counterparty risk
The treasury strategy, which is approved by the Board, requires that investments are limited to certain money market and
treasury instruments, and that the Group’s exposure to any single bank, building society or market is controlled, with
maximum deposits allowed with any single counterparty. The investment criteria cover credit rating and asset size,
including sovereign and political risk. Current market conditions have resulted in closer monitoring of counterparties.

(j) Capital risk
The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to ensure that it maintains a strong credit rating and healthy
credit ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholder value.

The Group monitors capital using gearing ratios for the Group and NWL. These have been revised this year to focus on
the financial covenants underpinning the Group’s private placement and the committed bank facilities at NWL, which are
reported to each Board meeting. The Group’s policy is to keep the gearing ratio less than 80% and 77.5% for the Group
and NWL, respectively. The RCV at 31 March 2019 was £4,271.7m (2018: £4,182.2m). On this basis and excluding
shareholder loan notes, the gearing ratios were 74% for the Group and 69% for NWL.




                                                                                                                           52
21. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
(k) Contractual maturity of financial liabilities (principal and future interest payments)
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities based on contractual undiscounted
payments:

Year ended 31 March 2019
                                                              Less than      3-12                More than
                                                              3 months     months    1-5 years     5 years      Total
                                                                     £m        £m          £m          £m         £m
Interest bearing loans and borrowings                             75.6      209.2     1,423.1     5,775.6    7,483.5
Hedging instruments                                                 0.2       1.4         5.1        31.2       37.9
Trade and other payables                                         129.1       20.2            -           -     149.3
                                                                 204.9      230.8     1,428.2     5,806.8    7,670.7

Year ended 31 March 2018
                                                              Less than      3-12                More than
                                                              3 months     months    1-5 years     5 years      Total
                                                                     £m        £m          £m          £m         £m
Interest bearing loans and borrowings                             42.1      138.4     1,127.7     4,953.8    6,262.0
Hedging instruments                                                 0.5       1.4         7.4        30.4       39.7
Trade and other payables                                         113.7       25.3            -           -     139.0
                                                                 156.3      165.1     1,135.1     4,984.2    6,440.7

(l) Maturity profile of financial assets and liabilities (carrying value)
Year ended 31 March 2019
                                            Within 1                                           More than
                                                 year 1-2 years 2-3 years 3-4 years 4-5 years    5 years         Total
                                                   £m         £m         £m      £m        £m         £m          £m
Fixed rate:
Shareholder loan notes                              -           -         -       -         - (1,033.2)      (1,033.2)
Eurobonds                                       (5.2)       (4.3)      (5.1) (354.2)     (2.2) (1,518.4)     (1,889.4)
USPP notes                                          -        0.1     (100.0)      -         -          -        (99.9)
Bank loans                                     (26.1)      (24.9)     (25.5)  (15.5)   (15.5)     (56.6)       (164.1)
Obligations under finance leases and
hire purchase contracts                         (3.5)       (2.9)      (2.4)   (1.7)     (0.9)      (0.6)       (12.0)
Other loans                                         -           -         -       -         -       (0.2)        (0.2)
Loans receivable                                    -           -         -       -         -      44.2          44.2
Fixed rate as at 31 March 2019                 (34.8)      (32.0)    (133.0) (371.4)   (18.6) (2,564.8)      (3,154.6)
Variable rate:
Cash and cash equivalents                       20.9            -         -       -         -          -        20.9
Short term cash deposits                         1.3            -         -       -         -          -         1.3
Financial investments                               -           -         -       -         -      11.4         11.4
Eurobonds                                        0.2         0.2        0.2     0.2       0.2    (601.4)      (600.4)
Bank loans                                     (20.7)      (10.1)     (10.3)  (10.3)   (10.4)    (351.2)      (413.0)
Obligations under finance leases and
hire purchase contracts                         (0.5)       (0.4)      (0.5)   (0.6)     (0.7)    (46.2)        (48.9)
Variable rate as at 31 March 2019                 1.2      (10.3)     (10.6)  (10.7)   (10.9)    (987.4)     (1,028.7)
Net borrowings as at 31 March 2019                                                                           (4,183.3)




                                                                                                                    53
21. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
(l) Maturity profile of financial assets and liabilities (carrying value) (continued)
Year ended 31 March 2018
                                            Within 1                                            More than
                                                 year 1-2 years 2-3 years 3-4 years 4-5 years     5 years          Total
                                                  £m          £m         £m         £m      £m         £m           £m
Fixed rate:
Shareholder loan notes                              -           -          -          -      - (1,033.2)       (1,033.2)
Eurobonds                                       (4.5)       (5.3)      (5.8)      (6.7) (356.0) (1,514.3)      (1,892.6)
USPP notes                                          -           -          -     (99.9)      -          -         (99.9)
Bank loans                                     (25.5)      (25.5)     (25.5)     (25.5)  (15.5)    (72.1)        (189.6)
Obligations under finance leases and
hire purchase contracts                         (2.8)       (2.5)      (2.4)      (1.5)   (0.9)      (0.6)        (10.7)
Other loans                                     (0.2)           -          -          -      -          -          (0.2)
Loans receivable                                12.6            -          -          -      -      31.4           44.0
Fixed rate as at 31 March 2018                 (20.4)      (33.3)     (33.7)    (133.6) (372.4) (2,588.8)      (3,182.2)
Variable rate:
Cash and cash equivalents                     107.5             -          -          -      -          -         107.5
Short term cash deposits                         1.9            -          -          -      -          -           1.9
Financial investments                               -           -          -          -      -      11.4           11.4
Eurobonds                                           -           -          -          -      -    (581.4)        (581.4)
Bank loans                                     (10.4)      (10.3)     (10.6)     (10.6)  (10.6)   (351.3)        (403.8)
Obligations under finance leases and
hire purchase contracts                         (0.2)       (0.3)      (0.5)      (0.5)   (0.6)    (46.7)         (48.8)
Variable rate as at 31 March 2018               98.8       (10.6)     (11.1)     (11.1)  (11.2)   (968.0)        (913.2)
Net borrowings as at 31 March 2018                                                                             (4,095.4)

The variable rate net borrowings comprise sterling denominated bank borrowings and deposits that bear interest at rates
based upon up to 12 months LIBOR.

(m) Currency exposures
At 31 March 2019, after taking into account the effects of forward foreign exchange contracts, with the exception of the
impact of translating the net assets of foreign operations into sterling, the Group had no material currency exposures
(2018: £nil). At 31 March 2019, the Group held forward foreign exchange contracts with a future transaction value of
£4.5m (2018: £7.2m) for the purpose of hedging the foreign currency risk of committed future purchases. At 31 March
2019, the fair value gain on the Company’s outstanding foreign exchange contracts was £0.3m (2018: £0.2m loss).

(n) Borrowing facilities
The Group has various undrawn committed borrowing facilities. The facilities available in respect of which all conditions
precedent have been met, are as follows:

                                                                                      31 March 2019     31 March 2018
                                                                                                £m                 £m
Expiring in more than one year but not more than two years                                        -            350.0
Expiring in more than two years but not more than five years                                 450.0                  -




                                                                                                                      54
21. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
(o) Fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities
A comparison by category of book values, which are all recognised at amortised cost except for interest rate swaps which
are recognised at fair value, and fair values of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities is set out below:

                                                          Book value                             Fair value
                                                  31 March 2019 31 March 2018           31 March 2019 31 March 2018
                                                            £m             £m                     £m             £m
Financial assets:
Cash and cash equivalents                                   20.9             107.5                20.9             107.5
Short term cash deposits                                     1.3               1.9                 1.3               1.9
Financial investments                                       11.4              11.4                11.4              11.4
Loans receivable                                            44.2              44.0                44.2              44.0
Trade and other receivables                                195.5             170.4               195.5             170.4
                                                           273.3             335.2               273.3             335.2
Financial liabilities:
Shareholder loan notes (principal £1,033.2m,
31 March 2018: £1,033.2m)                               (1,033.2)          (1,033.2)          (1,033.2)          (1,033.2)
Bank loans (principal £578.8m, 31 March
2018: £594.3m)                                            (577.3)            (593.6)            (556.9)            (601.0)
Eurobonds (principal £2,506.2m, 31 March
2018: £2,489.2m)                                        (2,489.8)          (2,474.0)          (3,062.5)          (3,047.0)
USPP notes (principal £100.0m, 31 March
2018: £100.0m)                                             (99.9)             (99.9)            (106.7)            (110.1)
Obligations under finance leases and hire
purchase contracts (principal £61.1m, 31
March 2018: £59.7m)                                        (60.9)             (59.5)             (60.9)             (59.5)
Derivatives                                                (75.3)             (62.8)             (75.3)             (62.8)
Trade and other payables                                  (221.1)            (206.7)            (221.1)            (206.7)
                                                        (4,557.5)          (4,529.7)          (5,116.6)          (5,120.3)
                                                        (4,284.2)          (4,194.5)          (4,843.3)          (4,785.1)

The fair values of the derivatives and sterling denominated long term fixed rate and index linked debt with a book value of
£2,684.6m (2018: £2,696.5m), have been determined by reference to prices available from the markets on which the
instruments involved are traded. All the other fair values shown above have been calculated by discounting cash flows at
prevailing interest rates.

In the absence of an openly traded market value for the index linked bonds with a book value of £577.3m (2018:
£593.6m), the fair value at the balance sheet date has been calculated by considering the remaining debt maturity, the
relevant UK index linked gilt rate and an appropriate credit spread by reference to market evidence for conventional
bonds.

The difference between the principal value of £4,279.3m (2018: £4,276.4m) and the carrying value of £4,261.1m (2018:
£4,260.2m) is unamortised issue costs of £29.7m (2018: £30.6m) and a credit of £11.5m (2018: £14.4m) in excess of the
original loan proceeds to reflect the fair value of loans owed by subsidiaries acquired in 2003.




                                                                                                                        55
21. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
(p) Hedges
Cash flow hedges – currency forward contracts
At 31 March 2019, the Group held the following forward exchange contracts, designated as hedges of expected future
purchases for which the Group has firm commitments. The forward currency contracts are being used to hedge the
foreign currency risk of the firm commitments. The terms of these contracts are as follows:

Currency bought                                                              Maturity     Exchange rate Transaction value £m
USD 1,245,000.00                                                       4 April 2019             1.4550                  0.9
USD 1,240,404.33                                                     30 April 2019              1.4069                  0.9
USD 1,112,000.00                                                      31 May 2019               1.2645                  0.9
USD 1,245,000.00                                                    13 March 2020               1.4600                  0.9
USD 1,240,404.33                                                    30 March 2020               1.4293                  0.9
                                                                                                                        4.5

Cash flow hedges – currency forward contracts
At 31 March 2018, the Group held the following forward exchange contracts, designated as hedges of expected future
purchases for which the Group has firm commitments. The forward currency contracts are being used to hedge the
foreign currency risk of the firm commitments. The terms of these contracts are as follows:

Currency bought                                                              Maturity     Exchange rate Transaction value £m
USD 1,245,000.00                                                        4 April 2018            1.4492                  0.9
USD 1,240,404.33                                                      30 April 2018             1.3852                  0.9
USD 1,112,000.00                                                       31 May 2018              1.2500                  0.9
USD 1,245,000.00                                                        4 April 2019            1.4550                  0.9
USD 1,240,404.33                                                      30 April 2019             1.4069                  0.9
USD 1,112,000.00                                                       31 May 2019              1.2645                  0.9
USD 1,245,000.00                                                     13 March 2020              1.4600                  0.9
USD 1,240,404.33                                                     30 March 2020              1.4293                  0.9
                                                                                                                        7.2

Cash flow hedges – interest rate swap
At 31 March 2019 and at 31 March 2018, the Group held two interest rate swaps, designated as hedges of future interest
cash flows, for which the Group has firm commitments. These swaps were used to convert variable rate interest
payments to a fixed rate basis. The terms of these swaps were as follows:

Notional amount                                                              Start date   Termination date Fixed rate %
£100m                                                              15 September 2008        15 March 2022          4.79
£150m                                                                 15 October 2015     15 October 2025          2.36

The swaps were designated as highly effective.

Cash flow hedges – inflation swap
As at 31 March 2019 and at 31 March 2018, the Group held three inflation swaps. The first was designated as a hedge of
future inflation linked cash flows and was used to convert variable inflation-linked revenues on a contract with the EA, to a
fixed income stream. The second and third swaps were designated as hedges of future interest payments to convert
fixed rate interest payments to index linked interest payments.

The inflation-linked revenues are accounted for in the consolidated income statement on an accruals basis. However, the
long-term inflation swap that fixes these variable cash flows is measured at fair value with changes in fair value
recognised in the income statement. The changes in the fair value reflects the change in the present value of the future
cash flows which incorporates future expectations of inflation over the full term of the swap.




                                                                                                                          56
21. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

(p) Hedges (continued)
Cash flow hedges – inflation swap (continued)
                                                           Annual swap                                      Index linked
Notional amount                                           cash flow paid        Start date Termination date      rate %
£2.9m                                                               £1m      12 May 2004    9 January 2034          2.56
£150m                                                                n/a 15 October 2015 15 October 2025          (0.42)
£100m                                                                n/a    22 June 2017      22 June 2027        (1.10)

Cash flow hedges: power forward contracts
At 31 March 2019, the Group held forward power contracts, designated as hedges of expected future purchases for which
the Group has firm commitments. The terms of these contracts are as follows:

Notional amount                                                         Start date   Termination date      Price per MWH £
116,827 MWH                                                          1 April 2019 30 September 2019                    52.2
116,827 MWH                                                       1 October 2019      31 March 2020                    56.8

Cash flow hedges: power forward contracts
At 31 March 2018, the Group held forward power contracts, designated as hedges of expected future purchases for which
the Group has firm commitments. The terms of these contracts are as follows:

Notional amount                                                         Start date   Termination date      Price per MWH £
166,896 MWH                                                          1 April 2018 30 September 2018                    50.7
165,984 MWH                                                       1 October 2018      31 March 2019                    56.2
166,896 MWH                                                          1 April 2019 30 September 2019                    52.2
166,896 MWH                                                       1 October 2019      31 March 2020                    56.8

Cash flow hedges: diesel forward contracts
At 31 March 2019, the Group held forward diesel contracts, designated as hedges of expected future purchases for which
the Group has firm commitments. The terms of these contracts are as follows:

Notional amount                                                            Start date   Termination date     Price per litre £
3,000,000 litres                                                        1 April 2019     31 March 2020               0.3562

At 31 March 2018, the Group held forward diesel contracts, designated as hedges of expected future purchases for which
the Group has firm commitments. The terms of these contracts are as follows:

Notional amount                                                           Start date    Termination date     Price per litre £
3,000,000 litres                                                        1 April 2018     31 March 2019               0.3435
3,000,000 litres                                                        1 April 2019     31 March 2020               0.3562

(q) Fair value hierarchy
The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial instruments by valuation
technique:
 level 1: quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
 level 2: other techniques for which all inputs which have a significant effect on the recorded fair value are observable,
    either directly or indirectly; and
 level 3: techniques which use inputs which have a significant effect on the recorded fair value that are not based on
    observable market data.

All of the Group’s liabilities are measured at level 2.




                                                                                                                            57
21. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
(q) Fair value hierarchy (continued)
Liabilities measured at fair value

Year ended 31 March 2019
                                                                                                     31 March 2019
                                                                                                                £m
Interest rate swaps                                                                                          (10.9)
Inflation swap                                                                                               (63.4)
Power forward contracts                                                                                       (1.4)
Diesel forward contracts                                                                                       0.1
Currency forward contracts                                                                                     0.3
                                                                                                             (75.3)

Year ended 31 March 2018
                                                                                                     31 March 2018
                                                                                                                £m
Interest rate swaps                                                                                          (10.0)
Inflation swap                                                                                               (48.8)
Power forward contracts                                                                                       (3.9)
Diesel forward contracts                                                                                       0.1
Currency forward contracts                                                                                    (0.2)
                                                                                                             (62.8)

During the year to 31 March 2019, there were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 fair value measurements, and no
transfers into and out of level 3 fair value measurements.

All other financial assets and liabilities are carried at amortised cost.

(r) Categories of financial assets/liabilities
Loans and receivables (including cash and cash equivalents)
                                                                                   31 March 2019     31 March 2018
                                                                                             £m                 £m
Short term cash deposits                                                                     1.3               1.9
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   20.9            107.5
Financial investments                                                                       11.4              11.4
Loans receivable                                                                            44.2              44.0
Trade and other receivables                                                               195.5             170.4
                                                                                          273.3             335.2

Other financial liabilities
Shareholder loan notes                                                                   (1,033.2)         (1,033.2)
Bank loans                                                                                 (577.1)           (593.6)
Eurobonds                                                                                (2,489.8)         (2,474.0)
USPP notes                                                                                  (99.9)            (99.9)
Obligations under finance leases and hire purchase contracts                                (60.9)            (59.5)
Trade and other payables                                                                   (221.1)           (206.7)
                                                                                         (4,482.0)         (4,466.9)

22. AUTHORISED AND ISSUED SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                          Number                  £
Allotted, called up and fully paid:
At 31 March 2018 and 31 March 2019                                                         1,614               161

Analysis of class of shares:
A shares (10 pence each)                                                                     194                19
B shares (10 pence each)                                                                   1,420               142
At 31 March 2018 and 31 March 2019                                                         1,614               161



                                                                                                                  58
23. PRIOR YEAR ADJUSTMENT
The Group has reclassified assets related to computer software as intangible assets, in accordance with IAS 38
Intangible Assets. These assets have previously been incorrectly reported within property, plant & equipment. However,
upon completion of the significant investment in a new customer contact and billing system, management reviewed the
value of computer software assets and restated these as intangible assets. This change has been applied retrospectively.

In the balance sheet as at 31 March 2018, computer software assets, including assets in the course of construction, with
a net book value of £67.2m (March 2017: £59.5m) have been reclassified from property, plant and equipment to
intangible assets.

In the balance sheet as at 31 March 2019, computer software assets, including assets in the course of construction, with
a net book value of £74.7m have been reclassified from property, plant and equipment to intangible assets.

The movement in intangible assets in the year is disclosed in note 10.

Comparative information has been restated in the consolidated balance sheet. There was no impact on profits or losses,
or cash flows, so no other primary statement was impacted.

24. ADDITIONAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION
Analysis of net debt as at 31 March 2019

                                                                                               Other non-      As at 31
                                                                             As at 1                 cash        March
                                                                          April 2018 Cash flow movements          2019
                                                                                  £m        £m         £m           £m
Cash and cash equivalents                                                     107.5     (86.6)          -         20.9
Loans receivable                                                                44.0         -        0.2         44.2
Short term cash deposits                                                         1.9     (0.6)          -          1.3
Financial investments                                                           11.4         -          -         11.4
Loans (principal of £4,218.2m, 2018: £4,216.7m)                            (4,200.7)     29.4      (28.9)     (4,200.2)
Finance leases (principal of £61.1m, 2018: £59.7m)                            (59.5)      5.8        (7.2)       (60.9)
                                                                           (4,095.4)    (52.0)     (35.9)     (4,183.3)

The difference between the principal value of £4,279.3m (2018: £4,276.4m) and the carrying value of £4,261.1m (2018:
£4,260.2m) is unamortised issue costs of £29.7m (2018: £30.6m) and a credit of £11.5m (2018: £14.4m) in excess of the
original loan proceeds to reflect the fair value of loans owed by subsidiaries acquired in 2003.

Non-cash movements on loans relate to the principal uplift on index linked borrowings and the amortisation of loan issue
costs, offset by the amortisation of debt fair value for the year. Non-cash movements on finance leases relate to the
inception of new finance leases on the acquisition of plant and machinery during the year.

Analysis of net debt as at 31 March 2018

                                                                        In respect In respect Other non-      As at 31
                                                    As at 1                      of        of       cash       March
                                                 April 2017 Cash flow acquisitions disposals movements           2018
                                                         £m        £m                                 £m           £m
Cash and cash equivalents                            105.4          -          0.3       1.8           -       107.5
Loans receivable                                       26.7     (2.0)        (12.9)     32.1         0.1         44.0
Short term cash deposits                                1.9         -            -         -           -          1.9
Financial investments                                  11.4         -            -         -           -         11.4
Loans (principal of £4,216.7m, 2017:
£4,011.1m)                                         (3,999.4)    (169.5)         (0.2)        -       (31.6)   (4,200.7)
Finance leases (principal of £59.7m, 2017:
£109.4m)                                             (109.2)      56.6            -          -        (6.9)      (59.5)
                                                   (3,963.2)    (114.9)       (12.8)      33.9       (38.4)   (4,095.4)




                                                                                                                     59
24. ADDITIONAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION (continued)
The difference between the principal value of £4,276.4m (2017: £4,120.5m) and the carrying value of £4,260.2m (2017:
£4,108.6m) is unamortised issue costs of £30.6m (2017: £29.5m) and a credit of £14.4m (2017: £17.6m) in excess of the
original loan proceeds to reflect the fair value of loans owed by subsidiaries acquired in 2003.

25. FINANCIAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                        31 March 2019   31 March 2018
                                                                                                  £m               £m
(a) Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                               145.3           130.2

(b) In addition to these commitments, the Group has longer term expenditure plans, which include investment to meet
shortfalls in performance and condition, and to provide for new demand and growth within the water and sewerage
business.

(c) The Group has entered into performance bonds and guarantees in the normal course of business. No liability is
expected to arise (2018: £nil).

(d) In 2018/19, NWL signed a power purchase agreement (PPA) with Ørsted, to purchase renewable energy from an
offshore wind farm which will meet around 25% of its energy demand. The agreement is for a 10 year term at a fixed
commodity price, increasing annually by CPI. The Group has concluded that the ‘own use exception’ applies, meaning
that the PPA contract is not within the scope of IFRS 9 and therefore no further disclosures are necessary.

26. PENSIONS AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFITS
The Group operates two defined benefit pension schemes. Northumbrian Water Pension Scheme (NWPS or the
Scheme), providing benefits based on final pensionable remuneration to 31 December 2015 and on a career average
revalued earnings (CARE) basis from 1 January 2016, to 1,200 active members at 31 March 2019 (2018: 1,244) and
AquaGib Limited Pension Plan (AGPP), providing benefits based on final pensionable remuneration to 56 active
members at 31 March 2019 (2018: 59).

The assets of the NWPS and the AGPP are held separately from those of the Group in independently administered funds.

The most recent actuarial valuation of the NWPS was at 31 December 2016. At that date, the value of assets amounted
to £954.6m and the liabilities were £1,245.2m, resulting in a deficit of £290.6m and a funding level of 76.7%. The most
recent actuarial valuation of the AGPP was at 1 July 2018. At that date, the value of assets amounted to £21.9m and the
liabilities were £22.4m, resulting in a deficit of £0.5m and a funding level of 97.7%.

The following text and disclosures below refers to the NWPS, unless otherwise stated.

Under the revised schedule of contributions the future service contribution rate, jointly payable by members and the
employers, remained at 29.4% of pensionable salaries until 31 December 2017. With effect from 1 January 2018, the
employers’ contribution was set at £12.3m per annum, increasing annually by RPI. Employee contribution rates remained
at between 6% and 8% of pensionable salary, dependent upon which section of the Scheme the employee is a member
of.

In addition, the employers continue to make deficit reduction payments of £11m per annum, with effect from 1 April 2015,
increasing annually by RPI. Deficit reduction payments will increase by £2.6m per annum with effect from 1 April 2021.
The deficit reduction payments have been set with the objective of removing the deficit by 31 March 2031, which has
been the long-term aim.

Employer contributions of £27.5m were paid in the year to 31 March 2019, of which £11.8m related to deficit reduction.
For the year to 31 March 2020, employer contributions are projected to be £29.6m, including £12.2m in respect of deficit
reduction.

Since the last actuarial valuation report, a pension increase exchange exercise has been implemented, which reduced
the accounting deficit by an estimated £3.8m in the year to 31 March 2019. Following a High Court case in October 2018,
in respect of the equalisation of benefits between males and females in relation to Guaranteed Minimum Pension (GMP)
accrued between 1990 and 1997, an additional £4.2m has been added to the scheme liabilities to allow for the expected
impact of GMP equalisation on the NWPS.




                                                                                                                     60
26. PENSIONS AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFITS (continued)
The Scheme also has a defined contribution section which had 1,957 active members at 31 March 2019 (2018: 1,945).
Members can choose to contribute either 3%, 4% or 5% of salary, with employers contributing at either 6%, 7% or 8%
depending on the member contribution rate. The contributions paid to the defined contribution section by the Group in the
year totalled £6m (2018: £5.3m).

The Group has not disclosed the actuarial assumptions for the AGPP on grounds of materiality.
The additional disclosures regarding the NWPS defined benefit scheme as required under IAS 19 Employee benefits and
the relevant impact on the financial statements are set out below. A qualified actuary, using revised assumptions that are
consistent with the requirements of IAS 19, has updated the actuarial valuations described above as at 31 March 2019.
Investments have been valued, for this purpose, at fair value.

                                                                                     31 March 2019       31 March 2018
Pay increases1                                                                               3.15%              3.00%
RPI inflation                                                                                3.15%              3.00%
CPI inflation                                                                                2.05%              1.90%
Pension increases linked to RPI                                                              3.15%              3.00%
Pension increases linked to CPI                                                              2.05%              1.90%
Discount rate                                                                                2.40%              2.65%
Mortality assumptions2                                                                  VitaCurves          VitaCurves
 - Life expectancy for a member aged 65 – female (years)                                      23.8                24.2
 - Life expectancy for a member aged 65 – male (years)                                        22.0                22.5
Notes:
1. Including promotional salary scale.
2. Bespoke “VitaCurves” reflecting scheme characteristics. CMI 2018 (2018: CMI 2017) series of longevity
improvement factors with a long term rate of improvement of 1.25% pa.

The fair value of the assets, in the NWPS and the AGPP, and the present value of the liabilities in the schemes at the
balance sheet date were:

                                                                                     31 March 2019       31 March 2018
                                                                                                £m                  £m
Equities                                                                                     302.8               284.4
Corporate bonds                                                                               47.0                57.1
Government bonds                                                                             466.5               354.9
Property                                                                                      60.1                98.1
Cash                                                                                          17.7               112.8
Other (includes listed infrastructure)                                                       159.7               102.8
Total fair value of assets                                                                 1,053.8             1,010.1
Present value of liabilities                                                              (1,160.6)           (1,103.0)
Deficit                                                                                     (106.8)              (92.9)

The discount rate at 31 March 2019 has been set by reference to the yield on AA corporate bonds at that date,
extrapolated forward on a yield curve approach to a duration of 19 years which reflects the duration of the expected
benefit payments.




                                                                                                                       61
26. PENSIONS AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFITS (continued)
The amounts recognised in the income statement and in the statement of comprehensive income, in respect of the
NWPS and the AGPP, are analysed as follows:
                                                                            31 March 2019     31 March 2018
                                                                                        £m                £m
Recognised in the income statement:
Current service cost                                                                  16.3              16.9
Administration costs                                                                   1.9               2.2
Past service cost                                                                      0.8               0.1
Scheme amendments                                                                      0.4                  -
Recognised in operating costs in arriving at profit on ordinary activities before
interest                                                                                      19.4               19.2

Net interest cost on plan obligations                                                          2.1                3.6
Recognised in finance costs payable                                                            2.1                3.6

Recognised in the statement of comprehensive income:
Changes in demographic assumptions                                                            21.6               (6.1)
Changes in financial assumptions                                                             (82.8)              52.1
Return on assets (excluding amounts included in finance costs)                                40.9               19.1
Other actuarial gains and losses                                                              (1.0)              (7.1)
Net actuarial (losses)/gains                                                                 (21.3)              58.0

Changes in the present value of the defined benefit pension obligations for the NWPS and the AGPP are analysed as
follows:
                                                                                     31 March 2019 31 March 2018
                                                                                                 £m               £m
At 1 April                                                                                  1,103.0          1,154.5
Current service cost                                                                           16.3             16.9
Administration costs                                                                            1.9              2.2
Past service cost                                                                               1.2              0.1
Interest cost on plan obligations                                                              28.6             28.6
Contributions by plan participants                                                              0.1              0.1
Benefits paid                                                                                 (52.7)           (60.5)
Remeasurement:
Changes in demographic assumptions                                                            (21.6)             6.1
Changes in financial assumptions                                                               82.8            (52.1)
Other actuarial gains and losses                                                                1.0              7.1
At 31 March                                                                                 1,160.6          1,103.0

Present value of funded defined benefit obligations                                         1,160.6           1,103.0

Changes in the fair value of plan assets for the NWPS and the AGPP are analysed as follows:
                                                                                    31 March 2019      31 March 2018
                                                                                                 £m               £m
At 1 April                                                                                  1,010.1           999.2
Interest income on Scheme assets                                                               26.5             25.0
Contributions by employer                                                                      28.9             27.2
Contributions by plan participants                                                              0.1              0.1
Benefits paid                                                                                 (52.7)           (60.5)
Remeasurement:
Return on assets (excluding amounts included in finance costs)                                 40.9              19.1
At 31 March                                                                                 1,053.8           1,010.1

Nature of benefits, regulatory framework and other entity’s responsibilities for governance of the Scheme
The Scheme is a registered defined benefit scheme subject to the UK regulatory framework for pensions, including the
scheme specific funding requirements. The Scheme is operated under trust and as such, the Trustee of the Scheme is
responsible for operating the Scheme and they have a statutory responsibility to act in accordance with the Scheme’s
Trust Deed and Rules, in the best interest of the beneficiaries of the Scheme, and UK legislation (including Trust law).
The Trustee has the power to set the contributions that are paid to the Scheme.
                                                                                                                     62
26. PENSIONS AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFITS (continued)
Risks to which the Scheme exposes the Group
The nature of the Scheme exposes NWL, as the principal employer, to the risk of paying unanticipated additional
contributions to the Scheme in times of adverse experience. The most financially significant risks are likely to be:
 members living for longer than expected;
 higher than expected actual inflation and salary increase experience,
 lower than expected investment returns, and
 the risk that movements in the value of the Scheme’s liabilities are not met by corresponding movements in the value
    of the Scheme’s assets.

The sensitivity analysis disclosed is intended to provide an indication of the impact on the value of the Scheme’s liabilities
of the risks highlighted. Approximate adjustments are made to the defined benefit obligation, reflecting the mean term of
the liability. There has been no change in methodology in the year.

Policy for recognising gains and losses
The Group recognises actuarial gains and losses immediately, through the re-measurement of the net defined benefit
liability.

Asset-liability matching strategies used by the Scheme or the Company
Neither the Scheme nor the Group use any asset-liability matching strategies. The Trustee’s current investment strategy
having consulted with NWL is to invest the majority of the Scheme’s assets in a mix of equities and corporate bonds, in
order to strike a balance between:
 maximising the returns on the Scheme’s assets, and
 minimising the risks associated with the lower than expected returns on the Scheme’s assets.

The Trustee is required to regularly review their investment strategy in light of the revised term and nature of the
Scheme’s liabilities.

Description of funding arrangements and funding policy that affect future contributions
The main risk to the Group is that additional contributions are required if the investment returns are not sufficient to pay
for the benefits (which will be mainly influenced by inflation and the longevity of members). The level of corporate bond
and equity returns will be a key factor in the overall investment return. The investment portfolio is also subject to a range
of other risks typical of the assets held, in particular credit risk on bonds and exposure to the property market.

Methods and assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analyses
The sensitivities disclosed were calculated using methods taking into account the duration of the Scheme’s liabilities.
Assumptions were provided by the Group.

Sensitivity to key assumptions
IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements requires disclosure of the sensitivity of the results to the methods and
assumptions used.

The costs of a pension arrangement require estimates regarding future experience. The financial assumptions used for
IAS 19 reporting are the responsibility of the Directors of the Company. These assumptions reflect market conditions at
the balance sheet date. Changes in market conditions which result in changes in the net discount rate (essentially the
difference between the discount rate and the assumed rates of increases of salaries, deferred pension revaluation or
pensions in payment), can have a significant effect on the value of the liabilities reported.

Change in assumptions compared with actuarial assumptions for the NWPS:
                                                                                        Actuarial value Actuarial value of
                                                                                        of liabilities on    liabilities on
                                                                                        31 March 2019     31 March 2018
                                                                                                      £m                £m
0.25% decrease in discount rate                                                                  1,193.6          1,134.2
1 year increase in life expectancy                                                               1,178.0          1,116.1
-0.25% change in inflation                                                                       1,188.0          1,131.0




                                                                                                                           63
26. PENSIONS AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFITS (continued)

Maturity profile of the NWPS defined benefit obligation

Year ended 31 March 2019

                                                                        Number of
                                                                         members      Liability split %   Duration years
Active members                                                             1,200                     37               25
Deferred members                                                           1,095                     14               23
Pensioners                                                                 3,193                     49               13
Total/weighted average duration                                            5,488                   100                19

Year ended 31 March 2018

                                                                        Number of
                                                                         members      Liability split %   Duration years
Active members                                                             1,244                     35               25
Deferred members                                                           1,145                     15               23
Pensioners                                                                 3,196                     50               13
Total/weighted average duration                                            5,585                   100                19

27. SPECIAL PURPOSE ENTITIES
As noted under accounting policy 1(b), in accordance with IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements and IFRS 12
Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities, the financial statements of two companies are consolidated as special purpose
entities. The principal special purpose entity is Bakethin Holdings Limited, the shares in which are owned by Bakethin
Charitable Trust. The other special purpose entity is Bakethin Finance Plc, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of
Bakethin Holdings Limited.

Bakethin Finance Plc was established for the purpose of issuing guaranteed secured Eurobonds. On 12 May 2004,
Bakethin Finance Plc issued £248m of guaranteed secured bonds maturing January 2034. Bakethin Finance Plc used
the proceeds of the bond issue to make a loan to Reiver Finance Limited to fund the consideration given by that company
to Northumbrian Water Limited for the securitisation of the cash flows receivable from the EA under the Water Resources
Operating Agreement relating to Kielder Water transfer scheme. The assignment is for a period of 30 years.

The summarised combined financial statements of the special purpose entities are as follows:

                                                                                         Unaudited              Audited
                                                                                     31 March 2019        31 March 2018
                                                                                               £m                    £m
Income statement:
Finance costs receivable                                                                         17.7              20.9
Finance costs payable                                                                           (17.7)            (20.9)

Balance sheet:
Investments                                                                                     239.1             240.6
Non-current assets                                                                               33.0              30.0
Current assets                                                                                    4.9               4.9
Non-current liabilities                                                                        (270.0)           (269.1)
Current liabilities                                                                              (4.8)             (4.2)
Net assets                                                                                        2.2               2.2




                                                                                                                       64
28. RELATED PARTIES
During the year, the Group entered into transactions, in the ordinary course of business, with other related parties.
Transactions entered into and trading balances outstanding at the balance sheet date between the Group and its
associates, joint ventures and companies within the CKHH group, are as follows:

Trading transactions
                                                                                                        Amounts     Amounts
                                                    Recharges Recharges                 Consortium/     owed by      owed to
                                                     to related from related             group relief    related      related
                                                          party        party   Interest (rec'd)/paid       party        party
                                                            £m           £m         £m           £m          £m           £m
Related party:
Year ended 31 March 2019
Northern Gas Networks Limited                                -        (0.1)         -              -          -           -
UK Power Networks (Operations) Limited                       -        (0.1)         -              -          -           -
CK Infrastructure Holdings Limited                           -           -       45.5              -          -        19.2
Cheung Kong (Holdings) Limited                               -           -       45.5              -          -        19.2
Li Ka Shing Foundation Limited                               -           -       22.7              -          -         9.6

Year ended 31 March 2018
Northern Gas Networks Limited                             0.1          0.8          -             -          -            -
Hutchison 3G UK Holdings Limited                            -            -          -          (9.4)         -            -
CK Infrastructure Holdings Limited                          -            -       45.5             -          -         19.2
Cheung Kong (Holdings) Limited                              -            -       45.5             -          -         19.2
Li Ka Shing Foundation Limited                              -            -       22.7             -          -          9.6
NWG Business Limited                                    108.5            -        0.9             -       23.3            -
Anglian Water Business (National) Limited                 1.0            -          -             -        0.1            -
Wave Ltd                                                    -            -        0.5             -       16.1            -
Gascorp Limited                                           0.1            -          -             -          -            -
Jointly controlled entities
Year ended 31 March 2019                                159.9         13.2           -             -      55.9         12.0
Year ended 31 March 2018                                  0.1         13.2           -             -       0.9         10.8

Sales to jointly controlled entities include £158m in respect of non household wholesale charges, £0.1m in respect of rent
receivables and £1.8m in respect of the provision of guarantees and interest.

Purchases from jointly controlled entities include £4.8m (2018: £4.8m) in respect of capital purchases under finance
leases, £0.1m (2018: £0.1m) in respect of operating leases, £6.8m (2018: £7m) in respect of costs payable under finance
leases and £1.5m (2018: £1.3m) in respect of other purchases.

Outstanding balances due to related parties in respect of interest is payable semi-annually in arrears.            Where the
amounts owed relate to consortium relief, the balance is due within 12 months.

For jointly controlled entities, outstanding balances due from related parties are expected to be settled within 60 days and
amounts due to related parties are in respect of leasing arrangements, where the amounts owed will relate specifically to
the terms of the lease.

Remuneration of key management personnel
Key management personnel comprise all Directors of the Group and the executive directors of NWL. The remuneration
of the key management personnel is included within the amounts disclosed below.

                                                                                               Year to              Year to
                                                                                         31 March 2019       31 March 2018
                                                                                                   £m                   £m
Short term employee benefits                                                                       1.6                 1.8
Post employment benefits                                                                           0.1                    -
Other long-term employee benefits                                                                  0.1                 0.1
                                                                                                   1.8                 1.9




                                                                                                                           65
29. ULTIMATE PARENT COMPANY
In the Directors’ opinion, the immediate and ultimate parent undertaking and controlling party of NWG, and therefore the
Company, is CK Hutchison Holdings Limited (CKHH), a company listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.
This is the parent undertaking of the smallest and largest group of undertakings for which group financial statements are
drawn up and of which the reporting company is a member. Copies of CKHH’s group financial statements, which include
the Company, are available from http://www.ckh.com.hk/en/ir/annual.php. CKHH’s registered office is PO Box 309,
Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands and is incorporated in Cayman Islands with limited liability.




                                                                                                                      66
                                          COMPANY BALANCE SHEET
                                             As at 31 March 2019


                                                                                      31 March 2019        31 March 2018
                                                                             Notes              £m                    £m
Non-current assets
Investments in subsidiary undertakings                                           3            2,481.0           2,481.0
Investments in joint ventures                                                    4               13.6              15.3
Loan receivables                                                                 5               44.8              44.8
                                                                                              2,539.4           2,541.1
Current assets
Trade and other receivables                                                      6               25.6              34.6
                                                                                                 25.6              34.6
Total assets                                                                                  2,565.0           2,575.7

Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                         7                (57.9)           (60.4)

Total assets less current liabilities                                                         2,507.1           2,515.3

Non-current liabilities
Borrowings                                                                       8           (1,292.1)          (1,292.0)

Total liabilities                                                                            (1,350.0)          (1,352.4)

Net assets                                                                                    1,215.0           1,223.3

Equity
Called up share capital                                                                             -                 -
Other reserve                                                                                    51.9              51.9
Share premium account                                                                           446.5             446.5
Retained earnings                                                                               716.6             724.9
Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                  1,215.0           1,223.3

The profit dealt with in the financial statements of the parent Company is £18m (2018: £25.6m).

Approved by the Board on 12 July 2019 and signed on its behalf by:




H Mottram
Chief Executive Officer
Registered number 04760441




                                                                                                                       67
                            COMPANY STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                  For the year ended 31 March 2019


                                                               Called up                  Share
                                                                   share       Other   premium    Retained
                                                                 capital     reserve    account   earnings        Total
                                                                                 £m         £m          £m          £m
At 1 April 2017                                                        -       51.9      446.5      808.7      1,307.1
Profit for the year and total comprehensive income                     -           -          -      25.6         25.6
Dividends paid (see note 2)                                            -           -          -    (109.4)      (109.4)
31 March 2018                                                          -       51.9      446.5      724.9      1,223.3
Profit for the year and total comprehensive income                     -           -          -      18.0         18.0
Dividends paid (see note 2)                                            -           -          -     (26.3)       (26.3)
At 31 March 2019                                                       -       51.9      446.5      716.6      1,215.0

The ‘other reserve’ represents the Company’s reorganisation of its ordinary share capital on 8 March 2013, which the
Directors consider to be distributable.




                                                                                                                       68
                          NOTES TO THE COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  For the year ended 31 March 2019

1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(a) Basis of accounting
The Company meets the definition of a qualifying entity under FRS 101 issued by the Financial Reporting Council.
Accordingly, these financial statements were prepared in accordance with FRS 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’ as
issued by the Financial Reporting Council.

As permitted by FRS 101, the Company has taken advantage of the disclosure exemptions available under that standard
in relation to presentation of a cash flow statement, financial instruments, standards not yet effective and remuneration of
key management personnel. As permitted by section 408 of the Companies Act 2006, no profit and loss account has
been presented for the parent Company.

Where relevant, equivalent disclosures have been given in the group accounts of NWG.

The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention for the parent Company only. The
Company is a private company, limited by shares and is registered, incorporated and domiciled in England and Wales.

The principal accounting policies adopted are set out below.

The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis which assumes that the Company will have
adequate funding to meet its liabilities as they fall due in the foreseeable future. As at 31 March 2019, the Company had
net current liabilities of £32.3m (2018: £25.8m). The Directors have reviewed the Company’s cash flow requirements and
available resources and believe it is appropriate to prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis.

Adoption of new and revised Standards
Amendments to IFRSs and the new Interpretation that are mandatorily effective for the current year
In the current year, the Company has applied a number of amendments to IFRSs issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (IASB) that are mandatorily effective for an accounting period that begins on or after 1 January 2018.
Their adoption has not had any material impact on the disclosures or on the amounts reported in these financial
statements.

(b) Fixed asset investments
Fixed asset investments are stated at their purchase cost, less any provision for impairment.

(c) Loan receivables
Loan receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active
market, do not qualify as trading assets and have not been designated as either fair value through the income statement
or available for sale. Gains and losses are recognised in income when the investments are de-recognised or impaired, as
well as through the amortisation process.

(d) Interest bearing loans and borrowings
All loans and borrowings are initially stated at the amount of the net proceeds, being fair value of the consideration
received net of issue costs associated with the borrowing. Finance costs (including issue costs) are taken to the income
statement over the term of the debt at a constant rate on the balance sheet carrying amount. The carrying amount is
increased by the finance charges amortised and reduced by payments made in respect of the accounting period.

(e) Employees
Excluding the Directors, there are no employees in the Company (2018: nil).




                                                                                                                         69
1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
(f) Taxation
Current tax
The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from net profit as reported in the
income statement because it excludes items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and it
further excludes items that are never taxable or deductible. The Company’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax
rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date

Deferred tax
Deferred tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit, and is
accounted for using the balance sheet liability method. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable
temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be
available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilised.

Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the asset
is realised based on tax laws and rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.

The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner
in which the Company expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets
and liabilities.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against
current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Company intends
to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

Current tax and deferred tax for the year
Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised in other
comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other
comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.

(g) Significant accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty
There are no significant accounting estimates. The significant accounting judgements were:
 the estimation of uncertain tax provisions, which are assessed on advice from independent tax advisers and the
    status of ongoing discussions with the relevant tax authorities.

2. DIVIDENDS PAID AND PROPOSED
                                                                                                Year to             Year to
                                                                                          31 March 2019      31 March 2018
                                                                                                    £m                  £m
Declared and paid during the year:
Equity dividends on ordinary shares:
A shares:
Interim dividend for the year ended 31 March 2019: £66,645 per share (2018:
£274,417 per share)                                                                                  12.9               53.2
Second interim dividend for the year ended 31 March 2019: £65,088 per share
(2018: £272,588 per share)                                                                           12.6               52.9
B shares:
Interim dividend for the year ended 31 March 2019: £282 per share (2018: £1,160
per share)                                                                                            0.4                1.7
Second interim dividend for the year ended 31 March 2019: £275 per share (2018:
£1,152 per share)                                                                                     0.4               1.6
Dividends paid                                                                                       26.3             109.4

No final dividend is proposed for the year ended 31 March 2019 (2018: £nil).




                                                                                                                            70
3. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARY UNDERTAKINGS
                                                                                                                        £m
At 1 April 2017                                                                                                    2,511.0
Investment in subsidiary                                                                                               0.8
Disposal of subsidiary                                                                                               (30.8)
At 31 March 2018                                                                                                   2,481.0
At 31 March 2019                                                                                                   2,481.0

                                                                                     Proportion of
                                                                                     nominal
                                                                                     value of
                                        Country of                                   issued
                                        incorporation or                             shares held
                                        registration and  Description of shares      by Group
Name of undertaking                     operation         held                       (%)           Business activity
NWG Commercial Solutions Limited1       England and Wales Ordinary shares of £1      100           Holding of investments
                                                                                                   and loans
Northumbrian Water Limited1             England and Wales Ordinary shares of £1      100           Water and sewerage
                                                                                                   services
Northumbrian Water Finance plc1         England and Wales Ordinary shares of £1      100           Holding of finance
                                                                                                   instruments
Caledonian Environmental                England and Wales Ordinary shares of £1      100           Wastewater services
Levenmouth Treatment Services
Limited1
Ayr Environmental Services              Scotland             Ordinary shares of £1 100             Wastewater services
Operations Limited2
AquaGib Limited3                        Gibraltar            Ordinary shares of £1 67              Water and sewerage
                                                                                                   services
Northumbrian Water Projects Limited1 England and Wales Ordinary shares of £1 100                   Wastewater services
Analytical & Environmental Services England and Wales Ordinary Shares of £1 100                    Dormant
Limited1, 5
Essex and Suffolk Water Limited1     England and Wales Ordinary Shares of £1 99.6                   Holder of loan note
Northumbrian Holdings Limited1, 5    England and Wales Ordinary Shares of £1 100                    Dormant
Northumbrian Water Mexico Limited1, England and Wales Ordinary Shares of £1 100                     Dormant
5

Northumbrian Water Pension              England and Wales Ordinary Shares of £1 100                 Pension trustee
Trustees Limited1                                                                                   company
Northumbrian Water Share Scheme         England and Wales Ordinary Shares of £1 100                 Dormant
Trustees Limited1, 5
NWG Bioenergy Limited1, 6               England and Wales Ordinary Shares of £1 100                 Advanced digestion
                                                                                                    operation
Reiver Finance Limited1                 England and Wales Ordinary Shares of £1 100                 Finance
Reiver Holdings Limited1                England and Wales Ordinary Shares of £1 100                 Holding company
Three Rivers Insurance Company          Isle of Man       Ordinary Shares of £1 100                 Insurance
Limited4

1. Registered office: Northumbria House, Abbey Road, Pity Me, Durham, DH1 5FJ, UK.
2. Registered office: Meadowhead Wastewater Treatment Works and Sludge Treatment Centre, Meadowhead Road, Irvine, Ayrshire,
   KA11 5AY, UK.
3. Registered office: 10B Leanse Place, 50 Town Range, Gibraltar.
4. 1st Floor, Goldie House, 1-4 Goldie Terrace, Upper Church Street, Douglas, Isle of Man, IM1 1EB.
5. The company is entitled to exemption from audit under section 480 of the Companies Act 2006 relating to dormant companies.
6. With effect from 4 July 2018, the company changed its name from Gascorp Limited.

NWG Commercial Solutions Limited and Northumbrian Water Limited are directly held. All other subsidiaries listed above
are indirectly held.




                                                                                                                          71
4. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES

                                                                                                                  £m
At 1 April 2017 and 31 March 2018                                                                               15.3
Other                                                                                                           (0.1)
Share of loss after tax                                                                                         (1.6)
At 31 March 2019                                                                                                13.6

5. LOAN RECEIVABLES

                                                                                     31 March 2019     31 March 2018
                                                                                               £m                 £m
Amounts owed by subsidiary undertakings                                                       29.2              29.2
Amounts owed by joint venture                                                                 15.6              15.6
                                                                                              44.8              44.8

6. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                     31 March 2019     31 March 2018
                                                                                               £m                 £m
Amounts falling due within one year:
Amounts owed by subsidiary undertakings                                                        11.6              13.5
Amounts owed by joint venture                                                                  12.7              12.7
Prepayments and accrued income                                                                    -               0.1
Other                                                                                           1.3               8.3
                                                                                               25.6              34.6

Amounts owed by subsidiary undertakings include amounts receivable for the provisional surrender of tax losses
amounting to £9.6m (2018: £11.0m).

7. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                     31 March 2019     31 March 2018
                                                                                               £m                 £m
Amounts owed to subsidiary undertakings                                                        6.9               9.1
Interest payable                                                                              50.8              50.7
Accruals and deferred income                                                                   0.2               0.6
                                                                                              57.9              60.4

8. BORROWINGS

                                                                                    31 March 2019      31 March 2018
                                                                                              £m                  £m
Shareholder loan notes                                                                    1,033.2            1,033.2
Loans                                                                                        99.9               99.8
Amounts owed to subsidiary undertakings                                                     159.0              159.0
                                                                                          1,292.1            1,292.0

                                                                                    31 March 2019      31 March 2018
                                                                                              £m                  £m
Shareholder loan notes, loans and amounts owed to subsidiary undertakings are
repayable as follows:
Repayable after more than five years                                                       1,292.1           1,292.0

In April 2011, the Company issued £100m USPP notes, maturing April 2021, with an annual coupon of 5.82%.

Amounts owed to subsidiary undertakings bear rates of interest linked to LIBOR. The loans will continue until such time
as terminated by mutual agreement.


                                                                                                                    72
9. AUTHORISED AND ISSUED SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                    Number                £
Authorised, issued and fully paid:
At 31 March 2018 and 31 March 2019                                                                    1,614            161

Analysis of class of shares:
A shares (10 pence each)                                                                                194             19
B shares (10 pence each)                                                                              1,420            142
At 31 March 2018 and 31 March 2019                                                                    1,614            161

10. COMMITMENTS
(a) The Company has issued letters of continuing support to subsidiary companies with net liabilities amounting to £7m
(2018: £3.0m) and net current liabilities of £nil (2018: £nil). These subsidiary companies are expected to meet their
working capital requirements from operating cash flows.

(b) The Company is guarantor to the EIB in respect of borrowings by NWL. The loan principal outstanding at 31 March
2019 amounted to £566.2m (2018: £590.9m).

(c) The Company is party to a cross guarantee arrangement with other Group companies in respect of bank facilities.
Overdrafts outstanding at 31 March 2019 in respect of the arrangement amounted to £10.5m (2018: £6.5m). The
Directors do not expect any loss to arise as a result of this arrangement.

11. RELATED PARTIES
During the year, the Company entered into transactions, in the ordinary course of business, with other related parties.
Transactions entered into and trading balances outstanding at the balance sheet date between the Company and
companies within the CKHH group, are as follows:

Trading transactions
                                                                                                                   Amounts
                                                                                                                    owed to
                                                                                                                     related
                                                                                                        Interest       party
                                                                                                             £m          £m
Related party:
Year ended 31 March 2019
CK Infrastructure Holdings Limited1                                                                       45.5        19.2
Cheung Kong (Holdings) Limited1                                                                           45.5        19.2
Li Ka Shing Foundation Limited1                                                                           22.7         9.6

1. Outstanding balances due to related parties in respect of interest is payable semi-annually in arrears .

12. ULTIMATE PARENT COMPANY
In the Directors’ opinion, the immediate and ultimate parent undertaking and controlling party of NWG, and therefore the
Company, is CK Hutchison Holdings Limited (CKHH), a company listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.
This is the parent undertaking of the smallest and largest group of undertakings for which group financial statements are
drawn up and of which the reporting company is a member. Copies of CKHH’s group financial statements, which include
the Company, are available from http://www.ckh.com.hk/en/ir/annual.php. CKHH’s registered office is PO Box 309,
Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands and is incorporated in Cayman Islands with limited liability.




                                                                                                                          73
