Our Vision
We are committed to become a first-tier
enterprise in the global medical and
healthcare market.




Our Mission
Better health for families worldwide.
      Contents
 02   Corporate Information
 04   Financial Highlights
 05   Chairman’s Statement
 12   Management Discussion and Analysis
 75   Five-Year Statistics
 76   Report of the Directors
110   Supervisory Committee Report
112   Corporate Governance Report
123   Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and
       Senior Management
134   ESG and Sustainability Report
262   Independent Auditor’s Report
268   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
269   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
270   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
272   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
274   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
276   Notes to Financial Statements
409   Definitions




                                 Annual Report 2023   01
Corporate Information

Directors                                                   Strategic Committee
Executive Directors                                         Mr. Wu Yifang (吳以芳) (Chairman)
                                                            Mr. Chen Qiyu (陳啟宇)
Mr. Wu Yifang (吳以芳) (Chairman)
                                                            Mr. Yao Fang (姚方)
Mr. Wang Kexin (王可心) (Co-Chairman)
                                                            Mr. Xu Xiaoliang (徐曉亮)
Ms. Guan Xiaohui (關曉暉) (Vice Chairman)
                                                            Ms. Li Ling (李玲)
Mr. Wen Deyong (文德鏞) (Chief Executive Officer)

                                                            Audit Committee
Non-executive Directors
                                                            Mr. Tang Guliang (湯谷良) (Chairman)
Mr. Chen Qiyu (陳啟宇)
                                                            Mr. Wang Quandi (王全弟)
Mr. Yao Fang (姚方)
                                                            Ms. Li Ling (李玲)
Mr. Xu Xiaoliang (徐曉亮)
Mr. Pan Donghui (潘東輝)
                                                            Nomination Committee
Independent Non-executive Directors                         Mr. Wang Quandi (王全弟) (Chairman)
                                                            Ms. Li Ling (李玲)
Ms. Li Ling (李玲)
                                                            Mr. Pan Donghui (潘東輝)
Mr. Tang Guliang (湯谷良)
Mr. Wang Quandi (王全弟)
                                                            Remuneration and
Mr. Yu Tze Shan Hailson (余梓山)
                                                             Appraisal Committee
Supervisors                                                 Mr. Yu Tze Shan Hailson (余梓山) (Chairman)
                                                            Mr. Tang Guliang (湯谷良)
Ms. Ren Qian (任倩) (Chairman)
                                                            Mr. Wang Quandi (王全弟)
Mr. Guan Yimin (管一民)
                                                            Mr. Chen Qiyu (陳啟宇)
Mr. Chen Bing (陳冰)1
                                                            Mr. Pan Donghui (潘東輝)
Mr. Cao Genxing (曹根興)2
                                                            Environmental, Social and
Joint Company Secretaries                                    Governance Committee
Ms. Dong Xiaoxian (董曉嫻)
                                                            Mr. Yu Tze Shan Hailson (余梓山) (Chairman)
Ms. Kam Mei Ha Wendy (甘美霞)
                                                            Ms. Li Ling (李玲)
                                                            Mr. Wang Quandi (王全弟)3
Authorized Representatives                                  Mr. Wu Yifang (吳以芳)
Mr. Wu Yifang (吳以芳)                                         Ms. Guan Xiaohui (關曉暉)3
Ms. Kam Mei Ha Wendy (甘美霞)




1
    appointed on 28 June 2023.
2
    resigned with effect from 28 June 2023.
3
    appointed on 30 October 2023.




02        Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Corporate Information



Registered Office                           Principal Banks
9th Floor, No. 510 Caoyang Road             The Export-Import Bank of China
Putuo District                              Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
Shanghai, 200063, China                     Bank of China
                                            Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
Principal Place of Business in the PRC      Bank of Shanghai
                                            China Minsheng Bank
Building A
No. 1289 Yishan Road
Shanghai, 200233, China
                                            Corporate Name
                                            Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.*

Principal Place of Business in
 Hong Kong                                  Stock Abbreviation
                                            FOSUN PHARMA
5/F, Manulife Place
348 Kwun Tong Road, Kowloon
Hong Kong
                                            Share Listing
                                            A Share: Shanghai Stock Exchange
Legal Advisers in Hong Kong                 Stock Code: 600196
                                            H Share: The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Reed Smith Richards Butler LLP
                                            Stock Code: 02196

Legal Advisers in the PRC
                                            A Share Registrar and
Grandall Law Firm (Shanghai)                 Transfer Office in the PRC
                                            China Securities Depository & Clearing Corporation Limited
Auditors
                                              (CSDCC) Shanghai Branch
Ernst & Young                               188 South Yanggao Road
Certified Public Accountants                Pudong New Area
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor   Shanghai, China
27th floor, One Taikoo Place
979 King’s Road, Quarry Bay                 H Share Registrar and
Hong Kong                                    Transfer Office in Hong Kong
                                            Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                            17/F, Far East Finance Centre
                                            16 Harcourt Road
                                            Hong Kong

                                            Corporate Website
                                            http://www.fosunpharma.com




*   for identification purposes only




                                                                               Annual Report 2023   03
Financial Highlights

                                                                2023          2022
                                                           RMB million   RMB million


Operating results
Revenue                                                         41,249       43,811
Gross profit                                                    19,653       20,642
Operating profit                                                 1,100        3,253
Profit before tax                                                3,277        4,581
Profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent         2,399        3,737

Profitability
Gross margin                                                   47.64%       47.12%
Net profit margin                                               7.05%        9.02%

Earnings per share (RMB Yuan)
Earnings per share — basic                                        0.90         1.43
Earnings per share — diluted                                      0.90         1.43


Assets
Total assets                                                  113,431       107,113
Equity attributable to owners of the parent                    45,646        44,532
Total liabilities                                              56,853        53,055
Cash and bank balances                                         13,694        16,241
Debt-to-asset ratio                                           50.12%        49.53%


Of which: Pharmaceutical manufacturing segment
Revenue                                                         30,080       30,693
Gross profit                                                    15,990       16,853
Segment results                                                  2,134        3,795
Segment profit for the year                                      1,974        3,419




04     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Chairman’s Statement

                   Dear Shareholders,

                   At present, the pharmaceutical manufacturing industry in the
                   PRC is at the stage of fasten transition. Our nation strongly
                   supports innovation guided by clinical value. The pace of the
                   launch of new drugs has accelerated and the R&D of local
                   pharmaceutical enterprises has also been accelerating the
                   transformation towards differentiation and globalization. The
                   innovation capabilities of local pharmaceutical enterprises are
                   increasingly recognized by global pharmaceutical enterprises,
                   and licenses-out transactions are becoming more frequent
                   with transaction values repeatedly reaching new highs. As
                   bulk purchases of medicine become normal, the revenue and
                   profit margin of generic drugs continued to decline. In respect
                   of medical devices, high-value medical consumables continue
                   to face pressure from centralized procurement, but innovative
                   devices are still strongly encouraged and supported by the
                   nation. The demand for high-quality medical device products
                   from end users continues to upgrade, while domestic
                   substitution and new medical infrastructure drive long-term
                   market expansion in the future. In respect of healthcare
                   services, private healthcare serves as a strong supplement to
                   the public healthcare system. With the rise of consumer
                   healthcare, the organic integration of healthcare, insurance
                   and digital technology will become the mainstream trend in
                           the industry. The demand for innovation capability in
                                the domestic pharmaceutical and health industry is
                                  further increasing with rising costs in R&D,
                                    production and human resources. Meanwhile,
                                     it is also facing competition from multinational
                                      enterprises presented with both tough
                                       challenges and opportunities.




                                                      Mr. Wu Yifang
                                                      Chairman




                                                        Annual Report 2023      05
Chairman’s Statement



During the Reporting Period, adhering to its business philosophy of “Innovation for Good Health”, the Group continued to
promote innovation and transformation, steadily carried out international layout, enhanced business focus by product lines,
and promoted the integrated operation and efficiency improvement. Meanwhile, the Group continued to adhere to the social
responsibility concept of “pursuing sustainable development of talents and products” and actively fulfilled corporate social
responsibilities. Under the leadership of the Board, the Group continued to improve the ESG management system, enhance
ESG management capabilities and promote the long-term sustainable development of the Group.

2023 REVIEW

Under the guidance of the “4IN” strategy (Innovation, Internationalization, Intelligentization and Integration), the Group
persisted in the development pattern of “innovation and transformation, integrated operation and steady development” and
the mission of creating value for the shareholders, and continued to enhance self-R&D capacity and external cooperation,
enrich its product pipelines, strengthen its international layout and improve its operating and asset efficiency, while actively
advancing business focus.

During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Group amounted to RMB41,249 million, representing a decrease of 5.85%
as compared to the same period of last year. The year-on-year change was mainly due to the significant year-on-year decline
in revenue from COVID-related products, including Comirnaty (mRNA COVID-19 vaccine), Jie Bei An (azvudine tablets),
COVID-19 antigen and nucleic acid test kits, as the COVID-19 no longer constituted a “Public Health Emergency of
International Concern”. Excluding COVID-related products, the revenue of the Group during the Reporting Period recorded a
year-on-year increase of approximately 12.43%. In particular: in respect of the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment, the
revenue from key products such as Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection), trastuzumab injection (trade name in Chinese
mainland: Han Qu You) and Su Ke Xin (avatrombopag maleate tablets) maintained rapid growth. In respect of the medical
devices segment, the market demand of non-invasive ventilators for medical and home use (including Clearway 2 and others)
in Europe and America recorded recovery growth. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s net profit attributable to
shareholders of the listed company amounted to RMB2,399 million.

During the Reporting Period, the total R&D expenditure of the Group amounted to RMB5,937 million, representing a year-
on-year increase of 0.88%. In particular, R&D expenses amounted to RMB4,346 million, representing a year-on-year increase
of 1.02%.

1.    Continued to promote the innovation transformation and the development and launch of
      innovative products
      In 2023, a total of 6 innovative drugs with a total of 8 indications of the Group were approved for launch. In particular,
      Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection), the first self-developed biopharmaceutical innovative drug of the Group, had
      been approved for two new indications for extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC) and esophageal squamous
      cell carcinoma (ESCC) in Chinese mainland and became the world’s first monoclonal antibody drug targeting PD-1
      approved for the first-line treatment of extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC). In addition, serplulimab
      injection (PD-1 inhibitor) had been approved for treatment of extensive- stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC) by the
      Indonesian Food and Drugs Authority (BPOM). It was the first time for this product approved for launch in overseas
      market, making it the first Chinese PD-1 monoclonal antibody drug approved for launch in Southeast Asia. The new
      second-line indication of Yi Kai Da (ejilunsai injection), a product of the joint venture Fosun Kite, for the treatment of
      adult patients with large B-cell lymphoma (r/r LBCL) refractory to first-line immunochemotherapy or relapsing within 12
      months of first-line immunochemotherapy was approved in Chinese mainland, which would benefit more patients with
      tumor that was refractory to first-line immunochemotherapy or relapsed.




06     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Chairman’s Statement



     In 2023, 4 products exclusively commercialized by the Group including Bei Wen (倍穩) (keverprazan hydrochloride
     tablets), the first potassium ion competitive acid blocker (P-CAB) independently developed in China, Pei Jin (珮金)
     (telpegfilgrastim injection), a long-lasting recombinant human granulocyte colony- stimulating factor product, Pang Bi
     Fu (旁必福) (etelcalcetide hydrochloride injection), the new generation of calcimimetic, and Yi Xin Tan (一心坦) (sacubitril
     valsartan sodium tablets), the drug for the treatment of heart failure and hypertension in an innovative crystalline form,
     were approved for launch in Chinese mainland, respectively. The Group has also actively participated in negotiation in
     respect of the National Medical Insurance, enhanced the accessibility of drugs for relevant diseases within Chinese
     mainland and practically reduced the burdens of drugs on patient. In particular, Bei Wen (keverprazan hydrochloride
     tablets) and Pei Jin (telpegfilgrastim injection) were included in the National Medical Insurance Drugs Catalogue in
     December 2023, which was officially implemented in January 2024.

     In addition, in 2023, Fosun Antejin, a vaccine R&D and manufacturing company of the Group, successively received the
     Drug Manufacturing Certificate (《藥 品 生 產 許可證》) and the Drug Operating Certificate (《藥品經營許可證》), laying
     a foundation for its subsequent commercial production of pipeline vaccine products. As at the date of this report, the
     rabies vaccine (Vero cell) for human use (freeze dried), which is independently developed by the Group, has been
     approved in Chinese mainland.

     At the same time, the Group accelerated the development of pipelines under development. During the Reporting
     Period, 5 products with a total of 7 indications independently developed, co-developed and license-in by the Group,
     had entered the pre-launch approval stage. In particular, the marketing authorization application (MAA) of serplulimab
     injection (PD-1 inhibitor), a self-developed biopharmaceutical innovative drug of the Group, in the EU had been
     accepted, and the NDA of its new indication for the first-line treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic
     non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) was also accepted by the NMPA; the biologics license application of
     trastuzumab injection (trade name in Chinese mainland: Han Qu You), the biosimilar self-developed by the Group, had
     been accepted by the U.S. FDA, which is expected to become the first domestic biosimilar approved in China, the EU
     and the United States. The NDA of FCN-437c, an innovative small molecule CDK4/6 inhibitor for which the Group owns
     its proprietary intellectual property rights, was accepted by the NMPA as well. In addition, the NDAs of aesthetic
     indication and medical indication of DaxibotulinumtoxinA botulinum toxin (project code: RT002) and tenapanor
     hydrochloride tablets (project code: Tenapanor), license-in drugs of the Group, and the NDA of Profhilo (sodium
     hyaluronate solution for injection), with the Group being as its sole agency in Chinese mainland, were also accepted by
     the NMPA.

     In addition, during the Reporting Period, a total of 20 innovative drugs/biosimilars (calculated by indications) of the
     Group were approved for clinical trials (IND).

2.   Continued to enhance global operation capabilities
     In 2023, the Group continued to implement its internationalization strategy in multiple dimensions including innovative
     R&D, license-in projects, production and operation as well as commercialization. The Group enhanced its operational
     efficiency and expanded global market layout, primarily covering the U.S., Europe, Africa, India, Southeast Asia and
     other overseas markets.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023     07
Chairman’s Statement



     In matured regulatory markets, the Group continued to enhance its global operation capabilities. It has set up multi-
     point R&D centers to realize global innovation, and gradually improved the commercialization system in different
     regulated markets through self-establishment, cooperation and other means. In the U.S. market, the Group has
     established a growing self-operated generic drug team, and cooperated with 5 major distributors and 16 group
     purchasing organizations. Meanwhile, the Group also established an innovative drug team in the United States. In the
     European market, during the Reporting Period, Gland Pharma, a subsidiary, completed the acquisition of Cenexi, a
     European CDMO company, so as to strategically establish its CDMO business presence in the European market and
     build up local manufacturing capabilities in Europe, thus further expand its customer base. During the Reporting Period,
     Sisram Medical, a subsidiary, completed the acquisition of the direct sales channels in China, thus achieving a direct
     sales layout in the Chinese market for the medical aesthetics business. The marketing network of Breas, a subsidiary,
     covers Europe, the U.S., China, Japan, India and Australia, and has continued to deepen local manufacturing based on
     the market demand in China. The construction of Intuitive Fosun Medical Robot Manufacturing and R&D Center in
     Shanghai of Intuitive Fosun, an associate, has been progressing rapidly. Upon completion of the construction, the
     center will be the second global R&D and manufacturing base of Da Vinci Surgical Robot in addition to the base in
     Silicon Valley, the U.S., thus facilitating the domestic manufacturing of Da Vinci Surgical Robot in Chinese mainland.

     As for emerging markets, in Africa, the Group primarily conducts medical product export and distribution in the English-
     speaking and French-speaking regions in Sub-Saharan Africa, with sales network covering over 40 countries and
     regions. The Group is constructing a park integrating drug R&D, manufacturing, logistics and delivery in Cote d’Ivoire,
     aiming to realize local drug manufacturing and supply in Africa.

3.   Continued to strengthen business focus by product lines and enhance efficiency through
     integration
     In 2023, the Group continued to facilitate lean R&D and focus on core therapeutic areas. Through sorting internal
     businesses, strengthening business focus by product lines and implementing lean management, the Group further
     enhanced its R&D and operational efficiency. The innovative medicines division relied on the global R&D center to
     coordinate and manage the innovative drug R&D team and product pipelines, integrated internal and external R&D
     resources, improved talent team construction, and continued to enhance the early R&D and CMC R&D capabilities.
     Under the effective decision-making by the science administrative committee, the innovative medicines division selected
     high-value pipelines with dynamic adjustments, continued to improve R&D efficiency, and gathered competitive
     resources to facilitate the clinical progress of core key pipelines and launch of products. The established medicines
     manufacturing & supply division coordinated the R&D of generic drugs within the system with a focus on the first
     generic drugs, difficult and complex preparations, and improved new drugs. It also established regional production
     centers to gather production capacity and achieve the integration of APIs and preparations, improved production and
     operation efficiency, and expanded advantages on the production cost. The vaccines division fully integrated the
     technology platforms of bacterial vaccines and viral vaccines, thereby achieving advantage complementation and
     technology synergy.

     In order to enhance cost competitiveness of products, the Group actively sorted internal competitive production
     capacity, and promoted the integration of production systems. It has established two comprehensive preparation
     production centers and three API production bases. Based on internationally competitive star production lines and
     production bases, the Group established a CMO/MAH management system, promoted the integration of its products
     and pipeline resources, and facilitated the concentration of star production lines and professional production bases for
     its products. Meanwhile, the Group continued to advance the implementation of “Excellence Operation and
     Management”, and further upgraded to the FES management system based on FOPEX.




08    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Chairman’s Statement



     In addition, during the Reporting Period, the Group continued to divest and integrate non-strategic and non-core
     assets, and gathered resources on core businesses so as to optimize asset structure and improve asset efficiency.
     Meanwhile, the Group continued to strengthen the budget management and supply chain management, so as to
     achieve expenditure control and cost reduction, and ensure healthy, stable free cash flows.

4.   Matured commercialization system
     In 2023, the Group continued to improve its commercialization system. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the
     pharmaceutical manufacturing segment had a commercialization team consisting of nearly 5,000 employees in Chinese
     mainland, covering hospitals, retail channels and DTP clinics etc. In terms of core departments such as hematology,
     lymphoma, breast, medical oncology, endocrinology, cardiology, rheumatology and nephrology, through the systematic
     market access team and special product team, the Group explored the innovative product market in core therapeutic
     areas, and covered county-level and certain prefecture-level markets in Chinese mainland through the broad market
     team. In addition, the Group expanded the sales channels of its pharmaceutical products by virtue of the cooperation
     and linkage with its associate Sinopharm.

     In terms of commercialization in overseas markets, as at the end of the Reporting Period, the overseas commercialization
     team has approximately 1,000 employees, which mainly covered markets including the U.S. and Africa. In the U.S.
     market, the Group has established the U.S. innovative drug team, and initiated the commercialization preparations
     before the launch of serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor) and the preliminary preparations for the license-in projects of
     innovative drugs. In emerging markets such as Africa, the Group has set up 5 regional distribution centers, and
     established and developed digital management capabilities, user operation capabilities and B2B2C model service
     capabilities, and was capable to provide a one-stop service of registration, circulation, academic promotion and post-
     launch safety alert and other services for customers.

     Meanwhile, the Group continued to optimize its marketing compliance management system, has formulated review
     and supervision procedures covering interactions and collaboration among different functional departments so as to
     ensure compliance of marketing activities, marketing methods, marketing contents and marketing materials, etc, and
     continued to enhance the internal audit for responsible marketing.

5.   Digitally empowered business continued to grow
     In 2023, the Group continued to optimize its digital technologies and means, improved the establishment of the digital
     system in the supply chain and marketing, and enhanced its capability in the digitalization of drug R&D.

     In 2023, the Group launched the new SRM (Supplier Relationship Management) system, which integrated supplier
     management, sourcing management, contract management and other modules with existing management system, and
     linked up individual procurement procedures of existing offline operations, thus realizing close- looped management of
     R2P (Request to Pay). Through the sharing of suppliers’ information, the Group increased the transparency of sourcing
     and procurement procedures and data visualization, and realized the informatization and networking of procurement
     operations.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023     09
Chairman’s Statement



      In 2023, in terms of the establishment of digital system in the marketing, the Group established the marketing
      customer management system with independent intellectual property rights, and completed the iteration of domestic
      production and independent development. Meanwhile, under the premise of protecting data security, the Group
      enhanced the whole-process compliance management of marketing activities for key business segments through
      digitalization solutions, including further improvement in the responsible zone, position and end customer management
      under Customer Relationship Management (CRM). Through behavior management system, the Group refined the
      management of marketing personnel behavior, regulated marketing procedures, and promoted the sustainable, healthy
      development of businesses. In terms of digital marketing, the Group built up sales data screen for key business
      segments, and conducted comprehensive analysis on various aspects from products, management organization,
      administrative division, and end customer etc., aiming to digitalize and visualize marketing operations, so as to provide
      solid data support for the market layout of relevant products.

      In 2023, the Group continued to enhance its capability in the digitalization of drug R&D, and fully optimized the
      management procedures for R&D projects. It has completed the building up of visual screen for R&D management
      procedures, realizing data analysis and real-time monitoring on R&D process, thereby improving R&D management
      efficiency. In addition, the Company actively promoted the deployment of large-scale models in therapeutic sectors and
      established the first AI drug R&D quantitative decision evaluation system in the world. Meanwhile, the Group continued
      to deepen the establishment of intelligent manufacturing system, set intelligent manufacturing standards through top-
      level design and established a digital lighthouse factory, thereby improving the manufacturing efficiency and quality
      stability, and realizing more reliable, effective drug manufacturing services.

In 2024, on the 30th anniversary of its inception, Fosun Pharma officially released its first ESG and Sustainability Report. This
marks another milestone for Fosun Pharma to advance its sustainable development strategy and present its practices and
achievements in environmental protection, social responsibility and corporate governance to stakeholders, following the
release of corporate social responsibility reports for 15 consecutive years and ESG reports for 3 consecutive years. In recent
years, the Group continuously improves its ESG management system by taking ESG as a management entry point so as to
promote the long-term sustainable development of the Group.




10     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Chairman’s Statement



OUTLOOK

In 2024, the Group will commit to its mission of improving human health, adhere to its corporate philosophy of “Innovation
for Good Health”, and endeavor to capture the momentum presented by the broad pharmaceutical market in China as well
as the rapid growth in mainstream markets such as Europe and the U.S. and certain emerging markets. The Group adheres to
the development strategies of innovation and transformation, integrated operation and steady development, so as to further
enhance its establishment of core competence to improve its operating results. In terms of the innovation and the
internationalization, the Group will continuously enhancing its independent R&D capability and continue to achieve the
transformation and practice of global innovative advanced technologies by adopting license-in projects, deep incubation and
other models so as to facilitate the innovation and transformation and propel the international expansion of the Group. In
terms of the production and the operation, the Group will strengthen the upgrading and optimization of production and
manufacturing system, continue to improve supply chain management, promote the consolidation of production resources
and realization of star production lines for products within the Group. By taking smart factories as standard, the Group will
build new manufacturing bases for preparations and APIs, so as to secure production capacity for newly launched products
and key products. At the same time, the Group will continue to promote the transformation and upgrading of the
digitalization and the intellectualization. In terms of sustainable development, the Group will continue to fulfill the sustainable
development strategy, enhance ESG management, promote ESG practices and contribute to the sustainable development of
the Group.

I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all Shareholders, members of the Board, the management, employees and
business partners of the Group.




Mr. Wu Yifang
Chairman

26 March 2024




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023      11
Management Discussion and Analysis

FINANCIAL REVIEW

During the Reporting Period, the audited annual results and the summary of basic financial results prepared by the Group in
accordance with HKFRS are as follow:

During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Group amounted to RMB41,249 million, representing a decrease of 5.85%
as compared to 2022. The year-on-year change was mainly due to the significant year-on-year decline in the revenue from
COVID-related products (including Comirnaty (mRNA COVID-19 vaccine), Jie Bei An (azvudine tablets), COVID-19 antigen and
nucleic acid test kits, the same below).

Excluding COVID-related products, the revenue of the Group during the Reporting Period recorded a year-on-year increase of
approximately 12.43%. In particular: the revenue from key products such as Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection),
trastuzumab injection (trade name in Chinese mainland: Han Qu You) and Su Ke Xin (avatrombopag maleate tablets, the
same below) maintained rapid growth.

During the Reporting Period, the profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent of the Group amounted to
RMB2,399 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 35.80%. In particular, the net profit attributable to owners of the
parent of the Group after deducting extraordinary gain or loss amounted to RMB2,011 million, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 48.08%. The year-on-year decrease in net profit after deducting extraordinary gain or loss was mainly due to: ①
COVID-related products and assets were disposed, and impairment provisions were made, totaling approximately RMB683
million; with a significant decline in revenue from COVID-related products, profits decreased accordingly; ② finance costs
increased by RMB361 million year-on-year as a result of US$ interest hikes, US$ appreciation and other factors, as well as the
changes in interest-bearing liabilities scale; ③ the administrative expenses recorded a year-on-year increase; excluding the
effects from newly acquired companies, the administrative expenses increased by RMB296 million on the same basis; ④ as a
result of the impacts of the acquisition of Cenexi by Gland Pharma, net profits recorded a year-on-year decrease.

During the Reporting Period, earnings per share of the Group decreased by 37.06% to RMB0.90 as compared to 2022. The
decrease in earnings per share was mainly due to the decrease in profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent.

REVENUE

During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Group amounted to RMB41,249 million, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 5.85%. The Group recorded revenue of RMB30,878 million in Chinese Mainland, representing a year-on-year
increase of 3.36%. Revenue of an equivalent of RMB10,371 million was recorded in countries or regions other than Chinese
Mainland, representing a year-on-year decrease of 25.59%.

During the Reporting Period, the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment of the Group generated revenue of RMB30,080
million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.00%. The segment results amounted to RMB2,134 million, representing a
year-on-year decrease of 43.77%. The segment profit amounted to RMB1,974 million, representing a year-on-year decrease
of 42.26%.

COST OF SALES

During the Reporting Period, cost of sales of the Group decreased to RMB21,595 million from RMB23,170 million,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.80%.




12     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



GROSS PROFIT

During the Reporting Period, gross profit of the Group amounted to RMB19,653 million, representing a decrease of 4.79%
as compared with RMB20,642 million for 2022. The gross profit margin of the Group for 2023 and 2022 was 47.64% and
47.12%, respectively. This year, the gross profit margin of the Group increased by 0.52 percentage point as compared to
2022, mainly due to the increase in the proportion of new and sub-new products with relatively high gross profit margins in
total revenue.

SELLING AND DISTRIBUTION EXPENSES

During the Reporting Period, the selling and distribution expenses of the Group amounted to RMB9,712 million and the sales
expense ratio was 23.54%, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.61 percentage points. The main reasons for the year-
on-year change in the sales expense ratio during the Reporting Period were: (1) there were still expenses arising from the
team, medical and market activities during the Reporting Period in spite of the significant decrease in revenue generated from
COVID-related products; (2) the increase in selling expenses in overseas markets, such as the investment in the preparation
for the launch of serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor) in the U.S. market, the increase in costs in relation to the transition
from a distribution model to a direct sales model and the brand ambassador project of Sisram Medical, as well as the
investments for team building and other aspects for Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection), Bei Wen (keverprazan
hydrochloride tablets) and other new products.

R&D EXPENSES AND R&D EXPENDITURE

During the Reporting Period,the total R&D expenditure of the Group amounted to RMB5,937 million, representing a year-on-
year increase of RMB52 million or 0.88%. In particular, the R&D expenses amounted to RMB4,346 million, representing a
year-on-year increase of RMB44 million or 1.02%. During the Reporting Period, the R&D expenditures in the pharmaceutical
manufacturing segment amounted to RMB5,172 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB75 million or 1.47%,
accounting for 17.19% of the revenue from the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment. In particular, R&D expenses
amounted to RMB3,638 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB86 million or 2.42%, accounting for 12.09% of
the revenue from the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment, mainly due to the fact that the Group maintained investment
in innovative drugs and biosimilars, innovation incubation platforms and early research projects during the Reporting Period.

SHARE OF PROFITS OF ASSOCIATES

During the Reporting Period, share of profits of associates of the Group increased to RMB2,387 million from RMB2,069
million, representing an increase of 15.37% as compared to last year.

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR

Due to the above factors, profit for the year of the Group decreased to RMB2,907 million from RMB3,954 million,
representing a decrease of 26.48% as compared to last year. Net profit margin of the Group for 2023 and 2022 was 7.05%
and 9.03%, respectively.

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT

During the Reporting Period, profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent of the Group decreased to RMB2,399
million from RMB3,737 million, representing a decrease of 35.80% as compared to last year.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023     13
Management Discussion and Analysis



DEBT STRUCTURE, LIQUIDITY AND SOURCES OF FUNDS

Total Debts
As at 31 December 2023, total debts of the Group increased to RMB32,574 million from RMB29,116 million as at 31
December 2022 mainly due to the increase in interest-bearing liabilities scale during the Reporting Period. As at 31 December
2023, mid-to-long-term debts of the Group accounted for 41.46% of its total debts, representing a decrease of 0.10
percentage point as compared to 41.56% as at 31 December 2022. As at 31 December 2023, cash and bank balances fell by
15.68% to RMB13,694 million from RMB16,241 million as at 31 December 2022.

As at 31 December 2023, an equivalent amount of RMB6,768 million (31 December 2022: RMB7,875 million) out of the total
debts of the Group was denominated in foreign currencies, and the remainder was denominated in RMB.

As at 31 December 2023, cash and bank balances of the Group denominated in foreign currencies amounted to RMB3,457
million (31 December 2022: RMB5,858 million).

                                                                                               Unit: million   Currency: RMB

                                                                                            31 December         31 December
Cash and bank balances denominated in:                                                             2023                2022


RMB                                                                                                10,237            10,383
US dollars                                                                                          1,008             2,278
Rupees                                                                                              1,883             2,472
Euros                                                                                                 177               114
HK dollars                                                                                            116               717
Others                                                                                                273               277


Total                                                                                              13,694            16,241


Gearing Ratio
As at 31 December 2023, the gearing ratio, calculated as total interest-bearing liabilities over total assets, was 28.72%, as
compared with 27.18% as at 31 December 2022.

Interest Rate
As at 31 December 2023, total interest-bearing bank and other borrowings at a floating interest rate amounted to
RMB15,215 million (31 December 2022: RMB16,899 million).




14      Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



Maturity Structure of Outstanding Debts
                                                                                               Unit: million Currency: RMB

                                                                                            31 December        31 December
                                                                                                   2023               2022


Within 1 year                                                                                      19,069              17,016
1 to 2 years                                                                                        6,265               3,369
3 to 5 years                                                                                        6,193               6,464
Over 5 years                                                                                        1,047               2,267


Total                                                                                              32,574              29,116


AVAILABLE FACILITIES

As at 31 December 2023, save for cash and bank balances of RMB13,694 million, the Group had unutilized banking facilities
of RMB18,710 million in aggregate. The Group has also entered into cooperation agreements with various major banks (the
“Banks”) in China. According to such agreements, the Banks have granted the Group general banking facilities to support
its capital requirements. The utilization of such bank facilities was subject to the approval of individual projects from the
Banks in accordance with banking regulations in China. As at 31 December 2023, total available banking facilities under
these arrangements were approximately RMB50,832 million in aggregate, of which RMB32,122 million had been utilized.

On 12 October 2023, the Company obtained approval from the CSRC for the application for registration of the Company to
publicly issue corporate bonds not exceeding RMB8 billion to professional investors. The approval shall be valid within 24
months from the date of the CSRC’s approval for registration. As at the date of this report, no corporate bonds have been
issued pursuant to the approval.

Collateral and Pledged Assets
As at 31 December 2023, the Group had placed the following assets as collateral for bank borrowings: property, plant and
equipment amounting to RMB2,117 million (31 December 2022: RMB1,280 million), prepaid land lease payments amounting
to RMB615 million (31 December 2022: RMB506 million), and patents among other intangible assets amounting to
RMB355,000 (31 December 2022: Nil).

As at 31 December 2023, the Group had pledged the following for bank borrowings: 58.67% equity interest in a subsidiary
Suzhou Abcarta (31 December 2022: 58.67% equity interest in a subsidiary Suzhou Abcarta). Details of the collateral and
pledged assets are set out in note 34 to the financial statements.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023     15
Management Discussion and Analysis



Cash Flow
The cash of the Group is mainly used for meeting capital requirements, repaying interest and principal of debts due, paying
for purchases and capital expenditures, and funding growth and expansion of facilities and businesses of the Group. The
table below shows the cash flow of the Group generated from (or used in) operating activities, investing activities and
financing activities for 2023 and 2022.

                                                                                                                            Unit: million     Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                       31 December              31 December
                                                                                                                              2023                     2022


Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                                         3,414                    4,218
Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                                                     (3,819)                  (4,064)
Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities                                                                              (1,336)                   4,428
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                            (1,668)                   4,582
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                                          11,170                    6,460
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                                                 9,502                  11,170


Note: For the analysis on reasons for the changes in cash flows, please refer to “5. Cash Flows” of “IV. Major Operations in the Reporting Period” under “BUSINESS
      REVIEW”.


Capital Commitments and Capital Expenditures
During the Reporting Period, capital expenditures of the Group amounted to RMB5,758 million, which mainly consisted of
additions to property, plant and equipment, other intangible assets and prepaid land lease payments included in right-of-use
assets exclusive of amounts due to new acquisition of subsidiaries. Details of capital expenditures are set out in note 4 to the
financial statements.

As at 31 December 2023, the Group had capital commitments contracted but not provided for amounting to RMB931 million
and capital commitments authorized but not signed for amounting to RMB1,875 million. These were mainly committed for
reconstruction and renewal of plant and machinery as well as new investees. Details of capital commitments are set out in
note 46 to the financial statements.

Contingent Liabilities
As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not have any contingent liabilities.

Interest Coverage
In 2023, the interest coverage, which is calculated by EBITDA divided by financial cost was 5.61 times as compared with 7.94
times for 2022. The decrease of the interest coverage was mainly due to the EBITDA of the Group in 2023 which was
RMB7,720 million, decreased by 3.99% as compared with that in 2022 which was RMB8,041 million, and financial cost of
the Group in 2023 amounting to RMB1,325 million, increased by 37.45% as compared with that in 2022 which was
RMB964 million.




16       Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



RISK MANAGEMENT

Foreign Currency Exposure
The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from sales or purchases by operating units and
investing and financing activities by investment holding units in currencies other than the units’ functional currencies.

Interest Rate Exposure
It is the Group’s strategy to use debts with fixed and floating interest rates to manage its interest costs. The Group’s exposure
to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s debt obligations with floating interest rates.

BUSINESS REVIEW

The Board’s Discussion and Analysis on Operations of the Group for the Reporting Period
During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Group amounted to RMB41,249 million, representing a decrease of 5.85%
as compared to the same period of last year. The year-on-year change was mainly due to the significant year-on-year decline
in revenue from COVID-related products, including Comirnaty (mRNA COVID-19 vaccine), Jie Bei An (azvudine tablets),
COVID-19 antigen and nucleic acid test kits, as the COVID-19 no longer constituted a “Public Health Emergency of
International Concern”.

Excluding COVID-related products, the revenue of the Group during the Reporting Period recorded a year-on-year increase of
approximately 12.43%. In particular: in respect of the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment, the revenue from key
products such as Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection), trastuzumab injection (trade name in Chinese mainland: Han Qu You)
and Su Ke Xin (avatrombopag maleate tablets) maintained rapid growth. Upon being approved for launch in March 2022,
Han Si Zhuang achieved revenue of RMB1,120 million during the Reporting Period, representing a year-on-year growth of
230.20%; trastuzumab injection achieved revenue of RMB2,749 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 58.19%1; Su
Ke Xin achieved revenue of RMB922 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 19.67%; Otezla (apremilast tablets),
Akynzeo (netupitant and palonosetron hydrochloride capsules) and other drugs were included in the National Medical
Insurance Drugs Catalogue (officially executed in March 2023). In respect of the medical devices segment, the market
demand of non-invasive ventilators for medical and home use (including Clearway 2 and others) in Europe and America
recorded recovery growth.




1
      Revenue from trastuzumab injection included sales revenue from preparations in Chinese mainland (trade name in Chinese mainland: Han Qu You)
      and sales revenue from drug substance in overseas markets.




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023             17
Management Discussion and Analysis



During the Reporting Period, the Group’s net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed company amounted to
RMB2,399 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 35.80%. In particular, the net profit attributable to shareholders
of the listed company after deducting extraordinary gain or loss amounted to RMB2,011 million, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 48.08%, which was mainly due to the following factors:

(1)   Impacts of COVID-related products: ① COVID-related products and assets with indications of impairment were
      disposed, and impairment provisions were made, totaling approximately RMB683 million; ② with a significant decline
      in revenue from COVID-related products, profits decreased accordingly; ③ there were still expenses arising from the
      team, medical and market activities for COVID-related operations during the Reporting Period.

(2)   Finance costs increased by RMB361 million year-on-year as a result of US$ interest hikes, US$ appreciation and other
      factors, as well as the changes in interest-bearing liabilities scale.

(3)   As a result of the increasing human resources cost, consultation fees and other expenses, the administrative expenses
      recorded a year-on-year increase of RMB579 million; excluding the effects from newly acquired companies, the
      administrative expenses increased by RMB296 million on the same basis.

(4)   As a result of the impacts of the costs and amortisation of the acquisition of Cenexi by Gland Pharma, and operating
      losses of Cenexi, net profits recorded a year-on-year decrease.

During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded extraordinary gain or loss of RMB388 million, which mainly included the
gains from the disposal of non-core assets such as Tianjin Pharma and the gains from changes in fair value of financial assets
such as YSB, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB524 million.

During the Reporting Period, the total R&D expenditure of the Group amounted to RMB5,937 million, representing a
year-on-year increase of 0.88%. In particular, R&D expenses amounted to RMB4,346 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of 1.02%.




18     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



During the Reporting Period, the revenue structure was as follows:

                                                                                                                     Unit: million    Currency: RMB

                                                                  2023 revenue                            2022 revenue                   Year-on-year
                                                                                                                                            increase/
                                                                              Percentage                            Percentage of         decrease of
                                                              Amount          of revenue               Amount            revenue             revenue
                                                                                     (%)                                     (%)                 (%)


By business segment
Pharmaceutical manufacturingNote 1                               30,080               72.92             30,693                70.06              –2.00
Medical devices and medical diagnosisNote 2                       4,386               10.63              6,933                15.82             –36.74
Healthcare services                                               6,667               16.16              6,076                13.87               9.73

By geographical locations
Chinese mainland                                                 30,878               74.86             29,873                68.19                3.36
Regions outside Chinese mainland and
  other countries                                                10,371               25.14             13,938                31.81             –25.59Note 3


Note 1: Mainly due to the year-on-year decrease in the revenue of Comirnaty (mRNA COVID-19 vaccine). Excluding COVID-related products, the revenue of the
        pharmaceutical manufacturing segment increased by 13.47% year-on-year.

Note 2: Mainly due to the year-on-year decrease in the revenue of COVID-19 antigen, nucleic acid test kits and non-proprietary COVID-19 products sold
        overseas. Excluding COVID-related products, the revenue of the medical devices and medical diagnosis segment increased by 4.25% year-on-year.

Note 3: Mainly due to factors including the significant year-on-year decrease in revenue of Comirnaty (mRNA COVID-19 vaccine) in Hong Kong, Macau and
        Taiwan region and non-proprietary COVID-19 products sold overseas.


I.     Main Operational Progress of the Group during the Reporting Period
       1.     Continued to promote the innovation transformation and the development and launch of innovative
              products
              During the Reporting Period, a total of 6 innovative drugs with a total of 8 indications of the Group were
              approved for launch. During the Reporting Period, Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection), the first self-developed
              biopharmaceutical innovative drug of the Group, had been approved for two new indications for extensive-stage
              small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC) and esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) in Chinese mainland and
              became the world’s first monoclonal antibody drug targeting PD-1 approved for the first-line treatment of
              extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC). In addition, serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor) had been
              approved for treatment of extensive- stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC) by the Indonesian Food and Drugs
              Authority (BPOM). It was the first time for this product approved for launch in overseas market, making it the first
              Chinese PD-1 monoclonal antibody drug approved for launch in Southeast Asia. The new second-line indication
              of Yi Kai Da (ejilunsai injection), a product of the joint venture Fosun Kite, for the treatment of adult patients with
              large B-cell lymphoma (r/r LBCL) refractory to first-line immunochemotherapy or relapsing within 12 months of
              first-line immunochemotherapy was approved in Chinese mainland, which would benefit more patients with
              tumor that was refractory to first-line immunochemotherapy or relapsed. For details on the updates on major
              R&D pipelines of the Group during the Reporting Period, please refer to Table 1.




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023          19
Management Discussion and Analysis



            During the Reporting Period, 4 products exclusively commercialized by the Group including Bei Wen (倍穩)
            (keverprazan hydrochloride tablets), the first potassium ion competitive acid blocker (P-CAB) independently
            developed in China, Pei Jin (珮 金 ) (telpegfilgrastim injection), a long-lasting recombinant human granulocyte
            colony-stimulating factor product, Pang Bi Fu (旁必福) (etelcalcetide hydrochloride injection), the new generation
            of calcimimetic, and Yi Xin Tan ( 一 心 坦) (sacubitril valsartan sodium tablets), the drug for the treatment of heart
            failure and hypertension in an innovative crystalline form, were approved for launch in Chinese mainland,
            respectively. Over the years, the Group has actively participated in negotiation in respect of the National Medical
            Insurance, enhanced the accessibility of drugs for relevant diseases within Chinese mainland and practically
            reduced the burdens of drugs on patients, aiming to improve the living and life quality of patients through
            regulated therapies. In particular, Bei Wen (keverprazan hydrochloride tablets) and Pei Jin (telpegfilgrastim
            injection) were included in the National Medical Insurance Drugs Catalogue in December 2023, which was
            officially implemented in January 2024.

            During the Reporting Period, Fosun Antejin, a vaccine R&D and manufacturing company of the Group,
            successively received the Drug Manufacturing Certificate (《藥 品 生 產 許 可 證》) and the Drug Operating
            Certificate (《藥 品 經 營 許 可 證》), laying a foundation for its subsequent commercial production of pipeline
            vaccine products. As at the date of this report, the rabies vaccine (Vero cell) for human use (freeze dried), which is
            independently developed by the Group, has been approved in Chinese mainland.

            For details of major marketed innovative products and description of core categories of the Group as at the end
            of the Reporting Period, please refer to Table 2.

            At the same time, the Group accelerated the development of pipelines under development. During the Reporting
            Period, 5 products with a total of 7 indications2 independently developed, co-developed and license-in by the
            Group, had entered the pre-launch approval stage. During the Reporting Period, the marketing authorization
            application (MAA) of serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor), a self-developed biopharmaceutical innovative drug of
            the Group, in the EU had been accepted, and the NDA of its new indication in combination with pemetrexed and
            carboplatin for the first-line treatment of patients with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) sensitivity
            mutation-negative and anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) gene rearrangement-negative locally advanced or
            metastatic non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) was accepted by the NMPA in December 2023; the
            biologics license application of trastuzumab injection (trade name in Chinese mainland: Han Qu You), the
            biosimilar self-developed by the Group, had been accepted by the U.S. FDA, which is expected to become the
            first domestic biosimilar approved in China, the EU and the United States, thus further covering the mainstream
            biopharmaceutical markets in Europe and the United States. The NDA of FCN-437c, an innovative small molecule
            CDK4/6 inhibitor for which the Group owns its proprietary intellectual property rights, was accepted by the NMPA
            in November 2023. In addition, the NDAs of aesthetic indication (temporary improvement on moderate to severe
            glabellar lines in adults caused by corrugator supercilii and/or procerus muscle activity) and medical indication
            (treatment for cervical dystonia in adults) of DaxibotulinumtoxinA botulinum toxin (project code: RT002), a
            license-in drug of the Group, were accepted by the NMPA in April and July 2023, respectively; the NDA of
            tenapanor hydrochloride tablets (project code: Tenapanor) proposed for controlling hyperphosphatemia in adult
            patients receiving hemodialysis treatment for chronic kidney disease (CKD) was accepted by the NMPA in July
            2023; the NDA of Profhilo (sodium hyaluronate solution for injection), with the Group being as its sole agency in
            Chinese mainland, was also accepted by the NMPA.

            In addition, during the Reporting Period, a total of 20 innovative drugs/biosimilars (calculated by indications) of
            the Group were approved for clinical trials (IND).

2
     Including the biologics license application (BLA) for trastuzumab injection, which is independently developed by the Group, in the U.S. submitted by
     Accord BioPharma Inc., a partner of the Group.




20    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



   2.   Continued to enhance global operation capabilities
        During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to implement its internationalization strategy in multiple
        dimensions including innovative R&D, license-in projects, production and operation as well as commercialization.
        The Group enhanced its operational efficiency and expanded global market layout, primarily covering the U.S.,
        Europe, Africa, India, Southeast Asia and other overseas markets.

        In matured regulatory markets, the Group continued to enhance its global operation capabilities. It has set up
        multi-point R&D centers to realize global innovation, and gradually improved the commercialization system in
        different regulated markets through self-establishment, cooperation and other means. In the U.S. market, the
        Group has established a growing self-operated generic drug team, and cooperated with 5 major distributors and
        16 group purchasing organizations to facilitate sales of preparations products. The Group also established an
        innovative drug team in the United States, and initiated the preparation works on the commercialization of
        serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor). In the European market, during the Reporting Period, Gland Pharma, a
        subsidiary, completed the acquisition of Cenexi, a European CDMO company, so as to strategically establish its
        CDMO business presence in the European market and build up local manufacturing capabilities in Europe, thus
        further expand its customer base. During the Reporting Period, Sisram Medical, a subsidiary, completed the
        acquisition of the direct sales channels in China, thus achieving a direct sales layout in the Chinese market for the
        medical aesthetics business. As at the end of the Reporting Period, its marketing network covered more than 100
        countries and regions across the world, and the proportion of direct sales revenue further increased to 78%. The
        marketing network of Breas, a subsidiary, covers Europe, the U.S., China, Japan, India and Australia, and has
        continued to deepen local manufacturing based on the market demand in China. The construction of Intuitive
        Fosun Medical Robot Manufacturing and R&D Center in Shanghai of Intuitive Fosun, an associate, has been
        progressing rapidly. Upon completion of the construction, the center will be the second global R&D and
        manufacturing base of Da Vinci Surgical Robot in addition to the base in Silicon Valley, the U.S., thus facilitating
        the domestic manufacturing of Da Vinci Surgical Robot in Chinese mainland.

        As for emerging markets, in Africa, the Group primarily conducts medical product export and distribution in the
        English-speaking and French-speaking regions in Sub-Saharan Africa, with sales network covering over 40
        countries and regions. The Group is constructing a park integrating drug R&D, manufacturing, logistics and
        delivery in Cote d’Ivoire, aiming to realize local drug manufacturing and supply in Africa.

        •     Internationalization progress of innovative products
              The Group has steadily facilitated the internationalization of relevant products in regulatory markets such as
              the U.S. and the EU. During the Reporting Period, in respect of pharmaceutical manufacturing segment, the
              BLA of Han Qu You (trastuzumab injection) for treatment of breast cancer was accepted by the U.S. FDA;
              the marketing authorization application of Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection) for treatment of small cell
              lung cancer (SCLC) was accepted by the European Medicine Agency (EMA); in December 2023, serplulimab
              injection (PD-1 inhibitor) was approved for launch in overseas market for the first time. It has been approved
              for treatment of extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC) by the Indonesian Food and Drugs
              Authority (BPOM), and completed the first round of overseas distribution in January 2024; HLX04-O
              (recombinant anti-VEGF humanized monoclonal antibody injection) for treatment of wet age-related
              macular degeneration (wAMD), HLX11 (recombinant anti-HER2 domain II humanized monoclonal antibody
              injection) for neoadjuvant treatment of breast cancer and HLX14 (recombinant anti-RANKL fully human
              monoclonal antibody injection) for treatment of osteoporosis were at the phase III of the international
              multi-center clinical trial. In respect of medical device segment, during the Reporting Period, Sisram Medical,
              a subsidiary, introduced Alma Veil™, an advanced dual-wavelength vascular laser device, in the North
              American market; two classical products, namely Soprano Titanium and Opus, were introduced in new
              markets; two newly added supplementary parts of BeautiFill, a laser-aided fat removal and skin firming
              device, obtained regulatory licenses from the U.S. FDA.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023     21
Management Discussion and Analysis



         •     Localization progress of innovative products in China
               The Group proactively introduces international leading technologies and products into Chinese market, so
               as to benefit more patients and customers. In December 2023, Chindex, a subsidiary, officially entered into
               cooperation agreements with Insightec, pursuant to which both parties will establish a joint venture in
               Chinese mainland, focusing on the commercialization, clinical application and research of magnetic
               resonance image guided focused ultrasound brain therapy system (i.e. MRgFUS brain therapy system) in
               Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and Macau, thus helping patients with Parkinson’s disease and idiopathic
               tremor to regain quality of life. Guided by magnetic resonance image, MRgFUS brain therapy system can
               achieve non-invasive treatment for various neurodegenerative diseases in brain. With accuracy up to
               millimeter level, it is one of the global cutting-edge non-invasive transcranial therapy technological products
               at the moment. During the Reporting Period, the installation volume of “Da Vinci Surgical Robot” was 55 in
               Chinese mainland and Hong Kong. In June 2023, the domestic medical device registration of “thoracic and
               abdominal endoscopy surgical control system” (the fourth generation of Da Vinci Surgical System, which
               can be applied in endoscopic surgeries in urology, general surgery, obstetrics and gynecology, thoracic
               surgery etc.) was approved by NMPA. In December 2023, the first domestically-manufactured Da Vinci
               Surgical Robot was officially applied in Cancer Center Gansu Hospital of Sun Yat-sen University, thus
               facilitating the establishment of regional medical center in China and providing patients with more efficient,
               more accurate and safer surgery treatment. This also marked the commercialization milestone of
               domestically-manufactured Da Vinci Surgical Robot. During the Reporting Period, various ventilators of
               Breas, a subsidiary, were subsequently approved for launch in Chinese mainland, and the progress of
               localization continued to proceed; the new second-line indication of Yi Kai Da (ejilunsai injection), the first
               CAR-T product approved for domestic launch of joint venture Kite Pharma, was approved in June 2023,
               benefiting more patients with disease that is refractory to first-line immunochemotherapy or relapses; as at
               the end of the Reporting Period, Yi Kai Da benefitted over 600 patients with lymphoma.

         •     Progress of global two-way license cooperation
               The Group has continued to enhance global two-way license cooperation, and actively implemented its
               internationalization strategy. In respect of license-in, in January 2024, Shanghai Henlius, a subsidiary, had
               entered into strategic cooperation and exclusive license agreements with Sermonix, aiming to develop,
               manufacture and commercialize at least two indications for ER+/HER2- breast cancer of lasofoxifene in
               Chinese mainland, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan region; in the same month, Sisram Medical, a subsidiary,
               established a strategic partnership with Prollenium, and obtained the exclusive distribution rights of the
               Revanesse dermal filler collection, which applies advanced hyaluronic acid technology, in several major
               markets including Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Australia and New Zealand. In respect of license- out,
               Shanghai Henlius, a subsidiary, had entered into a license and supply agreement with Boston Oncology in
               April 2023, granting Boston Oncology the exclusive license to develop and commercialize rituximab
               injection in 16 emerging markets in Asia and Africa, so as to further improve the accessibility of such
               product in Asia and Africa. In August 2023, Shanghai Henlius reached agreements with KGbio with regard
               to the cooperation for the commercialization of serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor) in overseas markets,
               enabling the cooperation scope of both parties to further expand to 12 countries in regions of the Middle
               East and North Africa from the original 10 countries in Southeast Asia; in October 2023, Shanghai Henlius
               had entered into a license agreement with Intas, granting Intas the rights to exclusively commercialize
               serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor) in agreed European zone and India and other rights, so as to improve
               the accessibility and recognition of the product in the global market.




22   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



        •    Progress of building production system with international quality standard
             The Group continued to promote the building of production system with international quality standard,
             thus laying a solid foundation for the overseas distribution of preparations. In August 2023, Songjiang Base
             (phase I) of Shanghai Henlius, a subsidiary, accepted the pre-license inspection in respect of trastuzumab
             injection by the U.S. FDA; in October 2023, Xuhui Base subsequently passed the pre-launch GMP on-site
             inspection in respect of serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor) by the Indonesian Food and Drugs Authority
             (BPOM) and the pre-launch GMP inspection in respect of serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor) and
             trastuzumab injection in Brazil by the Brazilian Health Regulatory Agency (ANVISA), and passed the GMP
             inspection in respect of rituximab injection drug substance (DS) and drug preparations (DP) by National
             Institute for the Monitoring of Medicine and Food of Colombia (INVIMA) in November 2023; in December
             2023, Xuhui Base and part of Songjiang Base (phase I) passed the pre-launch GMP on-site inspection in
             respect of serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor) in the EU by Health and Youth Care Inspectorate, the health
             regulatory institution of Holland. In particular, relevant production facilities of serplulimab injection (PD-1
             inhibitor) passed EU Country GMP certificate for the first time (based on the GMP mutual recognition
             between EU countries, the certificate indicates that these production facilities are in compliance with EU
             GMP standards). In October 2023, Guilin Pharma, a subsidiary, passed the pre-approval inspection and
             surveillance inspection by the U.S. FDA in respect of sertraline hydrochloride tablets, compound
             sulfamethoxazole tablets and API (Bumetanide).

   3.   Continued to strengthen business focus by product lines and enhance efficiency through integration
        During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to facilitate lean R&D and focus on core therapeutic areas.
        Through sorting internal businesses, strengthening business focus by product lines and implementing lean
        management, the Group further enhanced its R&D and operational efficiency. The innovative medicines division
        relied on the global R&D center to coordinate and manage the innovative drug R&D team and product pipelines,
        integrated internal and external R&D resources, improved talent team construction, and continued to enhance
        the early R&D and CMC R&D capabilities. Under the effective decision-making by the science administrative
        committee, the innovative medicines division selected high-value pipelines with dynamic adjustments, continued
        to improve R&D efficiency, and gathered competitive resources to facilitate the clinical progress of core key
        pipelines and launch of products. The established medicines manufacturing & supply division coordinated the
        R&D of generic drugs within the system with a focus on the first generic drugs, difficult and complex
        preparations, and improved new drugs. It also established regional production centers to gather production
        capacity and achieve the integration of APIs and preparations, improved production and operation efficiency, and
        expanded advantages on the production cost. The vaccines division fully integrated the technology platforms of
        bacterial vaccines and viral vaccines, thereby achieving advantage complementation and technology synergy.

        In order to enhance cost competitiveness of products, the Group actively sorted internal competitive production
        capacity, and promoted the integration of production systems. It has established two comprehensive preparation
        production centers and three API production bases. Based on internationally competitive star production lines and
        production bases, the Group established a CMO/MAH management system, promoted the integration of its
        products and pipeline resources, and facilitated the concentration of star production lines and professional
        production bases for its products. Meanwhile, during the Reporting Period, the Group continued to advance the
        implementation of “Excellence Operation and Management”, and further upgraded to the FES management
        system based on FOPEX. Through in-depth analysis and study of each production stage of key products, the
        Group implemented optimization measures to improve processes, enhance quality and reduce cost, and enhanced
        product delivery capability. Focusing on revenue growth and R&D efficiency improvement, the Group worked on
        operation quality improvement, and continued to deepen informatization and intelligent transformation.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023     23
Management Discussion and Analysis



          In addition, during the Reporting Period, the Group continued to divest and integrate non-strategic and non-core
          assets, and gathered resources on core businesses so as to optimize asset structure and improve asset efficiency.
          Meanwhile, the Group continued to strengthen the budget management and supply chain management, so as to
          achieve expenditure control and cost reduction, and ensure healthy, stable free cash flows. On the basis of the
          promotion of quality and efficiency improvement and lean management during 2023, the Group will continue to
          promote lean management in 2024, and facilitate Excellence Operation and Management (FOPEX) at subsidiaries,
          which is expected to cover various aspects including quality enhancement, cost control, efficiency improvement,
          cyclical management and innovative R&D etc., so as to facilitate comprehensive improvement in operational
          efficiency and build up the foundation for long-term sustainable development.

     4.   Matured commercialization system
          The Group continued to improve its commercialization system. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the
          pharmaceutical manufacturing segment had a commercialization team consisting of nearly 5,000 employees in
          Chinese mainland, covering hospitals, retail channels and DTP clinics etc. In terms of core departments such as
          hematology, lymphoma, breast, medical oncology, endocrinology, cardiology, rheumatology and nephrology,
          through the systematic market access team and special product team, the Group explored the innovative product
          market in core therapeutic areas, and covered county-level and certain prefecture-level markets in Chinese
          mainland through the broad market team. In addition, the Group expanded the sales channels of its
          pharmaceutical products by virtue of the cooperation and linkage with its associate Sinopharm.

          In terms of commercialization in overseas markets, as at the end of the Reporting Period, the overseas
          commercialization team has approximately 1,000 employees, which mainly covered markets including the U.S.
          and Africa. In the U.S. market, the Group has established the U.S. innovative drug team, and initiated the
          commercialization preparations before the launch of serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor) and the preliminary
          preparations for the license-in projects of innovative drugs. In emerging markets such as Africa, the Group has set
          up 5 regional distribution centers, and established and developed digital management capabilities, user operation
          capabilities and B2B2C model service capabilities, and was capable to provide a one-stop service of registration,
          circulation, academic promotion and post-launch safety alert and other services for customers. During the
          Reporting Period, clinical data of several innovative drugs of the Group was published at domestic and overseas
          pharmaceutical industry academic conferences such as the conferences of the American Society of Clinical
          Oncology (ASCO), Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (CSCO), European Hematology Association (EHA) and
          European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO).




24    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



        Meanwhile, the Group continued to optimize its marketing compliance management system, and has formulated
        review and supervision procedures covering interactions and collaboration among different functional
        departments, so as to ensure compliance of marketing activities, marketing methods, marketing contents and
        marketing materials, etc. The Group continued to enhance the internal audit for responsible marketing, and
        conducted audit works on regulated management over execution of responsible marketing policies, sales
        procedures, signing of sales contracts and other matters of subsidiaries. In terms of internal compliance
        supervision, the Group further enhanced the openness and transparency of its management systems. During the
        Reporting Period, several internal systems, such as the Regulations on Anti-Corruption and the Regulations on the
        Management of Integrity in Practice, were published on the website of the Company. These systems further
        elaborate the red line mechanism, and impose stricter compliance requirements and supervision on various
        operational procedures, so as to maintain a fair and clean business environment and culture. In terms of internal
        staff training, the Group regularly provides responsible marketing special training to all employees in marketing-
        related positions, covering laws and regulations, internal rules and regulations and product knowledge, etc. The
        training adopts a combination of online and offline methods to help marketing personnel understand the
        marketing-related regulations of the Group to ensure a reasonable and compliant marketing process. In addition,
        during the Reporting Period, the Group has commenced the ESG Culture Month campaign, which covers
        different themes such as marketing compliance and anticorruption, aiming to increase employees’ understanding
        and recognition of compliance and enhance their awareness on risk control.

   5.   Digitally empowered business continued to grow
        During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to optimize its digital technologies and means, improved the
        establishment of the digital system in the supply chain and marketing, and enhanced its capability in the
        digitalization of drug R&D.

        During the Reporting Period, the Group launched the new SRM (Supplier Relationship Management) system,
        which integrated supplier management, sourcing management, contract management and other modules with
        existing management system, and linked up individual procurement procedures of existing offline operations,
        thus realizing close-looped management of R2P (Request to Pay). Through the sharing of suppliers’ information,
        the Group increased the transparency of sourcing and procurement procedures and data visualization, and
        realized the informatization and networking of procurement operations, which will benefit the Group for its
        continuous enhancement in procurement management and decision-making efficiency. Subsequently, the Group
        will further deepen SRM application. Through comprehensive analysis on procurement data, the Group will better
        manage its procurement and make decisions, and continue to build up lean supply chain management system.

        During the Reporting Period, in terms of the establishment of digital system in the marketing, the Group
        established the marketing customer management system with independent intellectual property rights, and
        completed the iteration of domestic production and independent development. Meanwhile, under the premise of
        protecting data security, the Group enhanced the whole-process compliance management of marketing activities
        for key business segments through digitalization solutions, including further improvement in the responsible zone,
        position and end customer management under Customer Relationship Management (CRM). Through behavior
        management system, the Group refined the management of marketing personnel behavior, regulated marketing
        procedures, and promoted the sustainable, healthy development of businesses. In terms of digital marketing, the
        Group built up sales data screen for key business segments, and conducted comprehensive analysis on various
        aspects from products, management organization, administrative division, and end customer etc., aiming to
        digitalize and visualize marketing operations, so as to provide solid data support for the market layout of relevant
        products.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023     25
Management Discussion and Analysis



         During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to enhance its capability in the digitalization of drug R&D, and
         fully optimized the management procedures for R&D projects. It has completed the building up of visual screen
         for R&D management procedures, realizing data analysis and real-time monitoring on R&D process, thereby
         improving R&D management efficiency. In addition, the Company, together with “Shuimu Molecular” incubated
         by Institute of AI Industry Research of Tsinghua University, actively promoted the deployment of large-scale
         models in therapeutic sectors. Combining drug R&D experiences with the latest AIGC (AI Generated Content)
         artificial intelligence large language model technology, the first AI drug R&D quantitative decision evaluation
         system in the world was established. Leveraging AIGC with AI-Agent technology, this system can conduct
         quantitative decision evaluation, which can improve the efficiency and accuracy of drug R&D decision-making,
         thus realizing independent control over large-scale model of biopharmaceutical sector. Meanwhile, ChatGPT LLM
         model was integrated with INNOX, the management platform for self-developed drug R&D projects, providing
         users with R&D NLP Q&A service, thus improving the efficiency of R&D personnel in terms of information
         collection and problem solving. Moreover, the Group continued to deepen the establishment of intelligent
         manufacturing system, set intelligent manufacturing standards through top-level design and established a digital
         lighthouse factory, thereby improving the manufacturing efficiency and quality stability, and realizing more
         reliable, effective drug manufacturing services.




26   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



                                      Table 1: Updates on major R&D pipelines during the Reporting Period

Progress during the                                             Target/                                                                                 NDA                 Approved
 Reporting Period              Drug name/code                  mechanism    Drug Category            IND approved          Phase I Phase II Phase III accepted              for launch           Remarks

                                                                                                 Treatment of extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC) (Chinese mainland            In combination with
                              Serplulimab injection                                              and Indonesia)                                                                          carboplatin and etoposide
                       (trade name in Chinese Mainland:                        Therapeutic
                                                                 PD–1                                                                                                                    In combination with drugs
                          Han Si Zhuang, trade name in                      biological product   First-line treatment of patients with PD-L1 positive unresectable locally advanced/
                               Indonesia: Zerpidio)                                                                                                                                      containing fluorouracil and
                                                                                                 recurrent or metastatic esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC)
                                                                                                                                                                                                  platinum

                                                                                                 Treatment of adult patients with large B-cell lymphoma (r/r LBCL) refractory to
                                     Yi Kai Da                                 Therapeutic
                                                                 CD19                            first-line immunochemotherapy or relapsing within 12 months of first-line                         Note 1
                               (ejilunsai injection)                        biological product
                                                                                                 immunochemotherapy
    Approved                                                                                     Duodenal ulcer (DU)                                                                                 —
                                    Bei Wen
    for launch                                                   P-CAB       Chemical drug
                       (keverprazan hydrochloride tablets)                                       Reflux esophagitis (RE)                                                                             —

                        Tenapanor hydrochloride tablets
                                                                 NHE3        Chemical drug       Irritable bowel syndrome with constipation (Hong Kong)                                              —
                                (Tenapanor)

                          Comirnaty Bivalent Vaccine
                                                                                                 Prevention of disease (COVID-19) caused by novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2)
                      (mRNA COVID-19 Original/Omicron           S protein   Biological product                                                                                                       —
                                                                                                 infection (Macau)
                      BA.4/BA.5-adapted bivalent vaccine)

                              Comirnaty XBB1.5                                                   Prevention of disease (COVID-19) caused by novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2)
                                                                S protein   Biological product                                                                                                       —
                           (Omicron-adapted XBB1.5)                                              infection (Hong Kong and Macau)

                                                                                                 First-line treatment of patients with epidermal growth factor receptor
                                                                                                                                                                                            In combination with
                                                                                                 (EGFR) sensitivity mutation- negative and anaplastic lymphoma
                              Serplulimab injection                                                                                                                                           pemetrexed and
                                                                               Therapeutic       kinase (ALK) gene rearrangement-negative locally advanced or
                       (trade name in Chinese Mainland:          PD–1                                                                                                                            carboplatin
                                                                            biological product   metastatic non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC)
                                 Han Si Zhuang)
                                                                                                 First-line treatment of extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC)                   In combination with
                                                                                                 (Europe)                                                                                carboplatin and etoposide

                                                                                                 Locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer patients with hormone
                                                                                                 receptor (HR) positive and human epidermal growth factor receptor                          In combination with
                                    FCN-437c                    CDK4/6       Chemical drug
                                                                                                 2 (HER2) negative disease progression following previous endocrine                              fulvestrant
  NDA accepted                                                                                   therapy

                                                                                                 Temporary improvement on moderate to severe glabellar lines in
                      DaxibotulinumtoxinA botulinum toxin                      Therapeutic                                                                                                           —
                                                                    /                            adults caused by corrugator supercilii and/or procerus muscle activity
                                   (RT002)                                  biological product
                                                                                                 Treatment of cervical dystonia in adults                                                            —

                        Tenapanor hydrochloride tablets                                          Controlling hyperphosphatemia in adult patients receiving
                                                                 NHE3        Chemical drug                                                                                                           —
                                (Tenapanor)                                                      hemodialysis treatment for chronic kidney disease (CKD)

                                                                                                 (1) Adjuvant therapy for HER2-expressing breast cancer;
                             Trastuzumab injection
                                                                                                 (2) Therapy for HER2-expressing metastatic breast cancer;
                       (trade name in Chinese mainland:          HER2       Biological product                                                                                                       —
                                                                                                 (3) Therapy for HER2-expressing metastatic gastric adenocarcinoma
                                  Han Qu You)
                                                                                                 or gastroesophageal junctional adenocarcinoma (U.S.)

                                     FS-1502
                         (recombinant HER2 humanized                           Therapeutic       HER2-positive locally advanced or metastatic breast
                                                                 HER2                                                                                                                                —
                       monoclonal antibody-monomethyl                       biological product   cancer
                       auristatin F conjugate for injection)
  Under phase III
   clinical study                   FCN-159                     MEK1/2       Chemical drug       Neurofibromatosis type I in adults                                                                  —

                                    ET-26
                                                                 GABA
                      (methoxyetomidate hydrochloride for                    Chemical drug       Induction of general anesthesia in adults                                                           —
                                                                receptor
                                  injection)

                                    HLX26                                                                                                                                                  In combination with
                                                                               Therapeutic
                      (recombinant anti-LAG-3 humanized          LAG–3                           Metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC)                                                     serplulimab injection and
                                                                            biological product
                         monoclonal antibody injection)                                                                                                                                       chemotherapy

                                                                                                                                                                                            In combination with
  Under phase II                    FCN-338#                     BCL–2       Chemical drug       Treatment of myeloid malignancies                                                              azacitidine or
   clinical study                                                                                                                                                                              chemotherapy

                                    FCN-159#                    MEK1/2       Chemical drug       Langerhans cell histiocytosis in children                                                           —

                                    HLX208                                     Therapeutic                                                                                                  In combination with
                                                               BRAF V600E                        Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC)
                             (BRAF V600E inhibitor)                         biological product                                                                                              serplulimab injection




                                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023                     27
Management Discussion and Analysis



    Progress during the                                           Target/                                                                                   NDA      Approved
     Reporting Period              Drug name/code                mechanism     Drug Category            IND approved           Phase I Phase II Phase III accepted   for launch          Remarks

                                        HLX15
                                                                                  Therapeutic
                          (recombinant anti-CD38 fully human       CD38                             Multiple myeloma (MM)                                                                    —
                                                                               biological product
                             monoclonal antibody injection)

                                                                                                    Melanoma, Renal Cell
                                                                                                    Carcinoma, Colorectal Cancer,
                                        HLX13#                                                      Hepatocellular Carcinoma,
                                                                                  Therapeutic
                          (recombinant anti-CTLA-4 fully human     CTLA-4                           Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer,                                                              —
                                                                               biological product
                              monoclonal antibody injection)                                        Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma
                                                                                                    and Esophageal
                                                                                                    Squamous Cell Cancer

                                                                                                    Carbapenem resistant
                                SZEY-2108 for injection#              /         Chemical drug       Enterobacteriaceae (CRE)                                                                 —
                                                                                                    infection

                                                                                                    Treatment of IgA nephropathy
      Under phase I                                                                                 and other glomerular diseases
      clinical study                   XH-S003#                       /         Chemical drug                                                                                              Note 2
                                                                                                    with abnormal complement
                                                                                                    activation (Australia)

                                         HLX43#
                           (antibody-drug conjugate targeting      PD-L1          Therapeutic       Advanced/metastatic solid
                                                                                                                                                                                           Note 3
                          PD-L1 with novel DNA topoisomerase       ADC         biological product   tumors
                                       I inhibitor)

                                                                                                    RAS-mutated advanced solid
                                         XS-03#                       /         Chemical drug                                                                                                —
                                                                                                    tumor

                                                                 β-lactamase
                                                                                                    Treatment of adults infected by
                                       OP0595#
                                                                                Chemical drug       aerobic gram-negative bacteria                                                         Note 4
                               (Nacubactam for injection)          inhibitor
                                                                                                    with limited options

                                                                                                    Secondary prevention of ischemic
                                       XH-S002#                       /         Chemical drug       stroke and transient ischemic                                                            —
                                                                                                    attack

                                         HLX51                                                      Advanced/metastatic
                                                                                  Therapeutic
                           (recombinant anti-OX40 humanized        OX40                             solid tumor and                                                                          —
                                                                               biological product
                            monoclonal antibody for injection)                                      lymphoma

                                                                                                    First-line treatment of
                                        HLX26                                                                                                                                       In combination with
                                                                                  Therapeutic       advanced non- small
                          (recombinant anti-LAG-3 humanized        LAG-3                                                                                                          serplulimab injection and
                                                                               biological product   cell lung cancer
                             monoclonal antibody injection)                                                                                                                            chemotherapy
                                                                                                    (NSCLC)

                                         HLX13
                                                                                  Therapeutic
                          (recombinant anti-CTLA-4 fully human     CTLA-4                           Liver cancer                                                                             —
                                                                               biological product
                              monoclonal antibody injection)

                                                                                                    Glaucoma or ocular
                                        FCN-016                    ROCK         Chemical drug                                                                                                —
                                                                                                    hypertension

                            Anti-human T-lymphocyte rabbit                                          Prevention of
      IND approved                  immunoglobulin                                                  graft-versus-host
                                                                                  Therapeutic
                                 (trademark in Chinese                /                             disease (GvHD) after                                                                     —
                                                                               biological product
                              mainland: Fu Ke Shu, trade                                            hematopoietic stem
                                     name:Grafalon)                                                 cell transplantation

                                          HLX42
                                                                                                    Advanced/metastatic
                           (antibody-drug conjugate targeting       EGFR          Therapeutic
                                                                                                    solid tumor (Chinese                                                                   Note 5
                          EGFR with novel DNA topoisomerase I       ADC        biological product
                                                                                                    mainland and U.S.)
                                        inhibitor)

                                                                                                    Advanced head and
                                                                                                    neck squamous
                                                                                                    carcinoma, melanoma
                                                                                  Therapeutic
                                    VT-101 injection                  /                             and breast cancer and                                                                    —
                                                                               biological product
                                                                                                    other solid tumors
                                                                                                    (Chinese mainland and
                                                                                                    U.S.)

#
           Innovative drugs/biosimilars (products) approved for clinical trial and had commenced respective clinical study during the Reporting Period.




28           Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



Note 1: Yi Kai Da (ejilunsai injection) is a product of Fosun Kite, a joint venture. In June 2023, Yi Kai Da (ejilunsai injection) for the treatment of adult with large B-cell
        lymphoma (r/r LBCL) that is refractory to first-line immunochemotherapy or that relapses within 12 months of first-line immunochemotherapy was
        conditionally approved by the NMPA. As at the date of this report, Yi Kai Da (for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory inert non-
        Hodgkin’s lymphoma (r/r iNHL) containing follicular lymphoma and marginal zone lymphoma), was at the bridging clinical trial stage in Chinese
        mainland.

Note 2: In addition, the clinical trial application of such indication was also approved by the NMPA in July 2023.

Note 3:		 In addition, the clinical trial application of such indication was also approved by the U.S. FDA in November 2023.

Note 4:		 In July 2023, the phase I and phase III clinical trial application of the combination dosing of OP0595 and cefepime or aztreonam for the treatment of
          adults infected by aerobic gram-negative bacteria with limited treatment options was approved by the NMPA and the phase I clinical trial had
          commenced during the Reporting Period.

Note 5:		 In December 2023, HLX42 for the treatment of patients with advanced or metastatic EGFR-mutated non-small cell lung cancer whose disease has
          progressed on a third-generation EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor was granted the Fast Track Designation (FTD) by the U.S. FDA.




                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023              29
Management Discussion and Analysis



                   Table 2: Major marketed innovative products and description of core categories

 No.    Therapeutic area     Product name                                           Description of product                                       Photo of product


                                                    This drug was approved for launch by the NMPA in February 2019, and is the first
                               Han Li Kang
                                                    domestic biosimilar. Its approved indications include: (1) non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma, (2)
 1                              (rituximab
                                                    chronic lymphoblastic leukaemia, (3) rheumatoid arthritis (RA). It is also the first
                                 injection)
                                                    rituximab approved for rheumatoid arthritis (RA) indication in China.

                                                    This drug is the first trastuzumab biosimilar approved for launch in China, and also the
                                                    first domestic monoclonal antibody biosimilar approved by both China and Europe. Its
                                                    approved indications include: (1) HER2 positive early breast cancer, (2) metastatic
                                                    breast cancer, (3) metastatic gastric cancer.
                               Han Qu You
 2                            (trastuzumab          Centering on such drug, the Group, in cooperation with international renowned
                                 injection)         biopharmaceutical enterprises including Accord Healthcare Limited, PT Kalbio Global
                                                    Medika and Laboratorio ELEA Phoenix S.A., expanded its layout in Europe, the United
                                                    States, Canada and numerous emerging countries. This drug has been approved for
                                                    launch in over 40 countries and regions. The trade name of such drug in Europe is
                                                    Zercepac, while its trade name in Australia is Tuzucip and Trastucip.
                                                    This drug (PD–1 inhibitor) was approved for launch by the NMPA in March 2022, and
                                                    is the first innovative monoclonal antibody independently developed by the Group. Its
                                                    approved indications include: (1) microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) solid tumors
                                                    (conditionally approved), (2) squamous non-small cell lung cancer, (3) extensive-stage
                                                    small cell lung cancer, and (4) esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC). It is the
                                                    first anti-PD–1 monoclonal antibody drug approved for the first-line treatment of small
                                                    cell lung cancer in the world. It has been recommended by 9 guidelines in 2023,
                              Han Si Zhuang
                                                    including CSCO Guidelines on Small Cell Lung Cancer Treatment, CSCO Guidelines on
 3                             (serplulimab
                                                    Non- Small Cell Lung Cancer Treatment, CSCO Guidelines on Esophageal Cancer
                                 injection)
                                                    Treatment, CSCO Guidelines on Colorectal Cancer Treatment and CSCO Guidelines
                                                    on Clinical Application of Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors.

                                                    In December 2023, this drug was approved by the Indonesian Food and Drugs
                                                    Authority (BPOM). It was the first time for this product approved for launch in overseas
                                                    market, making it the first Chinese PD–1 monoclonal antibody drug approved for
                                                    launch in Southeast Asia.

                                                    This drug was approved for launch by the NMPA in December 2020, and is the first
                              Han Da Yuan
                                                    domestic adalimumab biosimilar with GMP certified production base approved by
 4                            (adalimumab
                                                    both China and Europe. Its approved indications include: (1) rheumatoid arthritis, (2)
                                injection)
                                                    ankylosing spondylitis, (3) psoriasis, (4) uveitis.
          Anti-tumor and
        immune modulation                           This drug was approved for launch by the NMPA in April 2020, and is the first oral
                                                    drug approved for the treatment of thrombocytopenia related to chronic liver diseases
                               Su Ke Xin*           in the world. Its approved indication is the selective thrombocytopenia treatment of
 5                           (avatrombopag          adult patients with chronic liver disease undergoing diagnostic procedures or surgery.
                             maleate tablets)       In addition, the NDA of the second indication of the drug (for the treatment of chronic
                                                    immune thrombocytopenia (ITP) in adult patients with poor response from prior
                                                    treatment) was accepted by the NMPA.

                                                    This drug was approved for launch by the NMPA in August 2021, and is the world’s
                                  Otezla*
                                                    first oral phosphodiesterase-4 (PDE4) inhibitor for the treatment of plaque psoriasis. Its
 6                              (apremilast
                                                    approved indication is treatment for adult patients with moderate to severe plaque
                                  tablets)
                                                    psoriasis who are suitable for phototherapy or systematic treatment.


                                Akynzeo*            This drug was approved for launch by the NMPA in August 2019, and is the world’s
                             (netupitant and        first dual- channel fixed- dose combination oral compound preparation that
 7                            palonosetron          simultaneously blocks both NK-1 receptors and 5-HT3 receptors. Its approved
                              hydrochloride         indication is prevention of acute and delayed nausea and vomit arising from highly
                                capsules)           emetogenic chemotherapy in adult patients.

                                                    This drug (new generation of long-lasting recombinant human granulocyte colony-
                                                    stimulating factor product) was approved for launch by the NMPA in June 2023, and
                                  Pei Jin*
                                                    is classified as class 1 new drug in China. Its approved indication is reduction of
 8                           (telpegfilgrastim
                                                    occurrence of infections expressed in form of febrile neutropenia in patients with
                                 injection)
                                                    non-myeloablative cancer when receiving myelosuppression anti-tumor drug
                                                    treatment which can easily cause febrile neutropenia.
                               Fu Ke Shu*
                                                    The product is a polyclonal antibody inhibitor. Its approved indication in Chinese
                              (anti-human
                                                    mainland include the prevention of acute transplant rejection in patients receiving
 9                            T-lymphocyte
                                                    solid organ transplantation (SOT) and the treatment of acute rejections if the
                                  rabbit
                                                    therapeutic effect of corticosteroid treatment has proven to be unsatisfactory.
                            immunoglobulin)
                                                    This product was approved for launch by the NMPA in June 2021, and is the first
                                  Yi Kai Da
                                                    CAR-T cell therapy product approved for domestic launch. Its approved indications
                            (ejilunsai injection,
                                                    include (1) treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory large B-cell
                                a product of
 10                                                 lymphoma (r/r DLBCL) after prior second-line or higher systemic therapy, (2) treatment
                                    Fosun
                                                    of adults patients with large B-cell lymphoma (r/r LBCL) refractory to first-line
                                 Kite, a joint
                                                    immunochemotherapy or relapsing within 12 months of first-line
                                  venture)
                                                    immunochemotherapy (conditional approved).




30     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



    No.     Therapeutic area        Product name                                        Description of product                                      Photo of product

                                                        This series include Atomolan (glutathione tablets) and Atomolan (glutathione for
                                                        injection), both of them are class B drug under National Medical Insurance Drugs
                                        Atomolan        Catalogue and the basic medicine for liver diseases.
    11                              (preparations for
                                   glutathione series) In particular, Atomolan (glutathione tablets) are the first glutathione oral preparations
                                                       in China, while Atomolan (glutathione for injection) is the first generic drug of its kind
                                                       in China.

             Metabolism and           Pang Bi Fu*
                                                        This drug (new generation of calcimimetic) was approved for launch by the NMPA in
            alimentary system        (etelcalcetide
    12                                                  May 2023. Its approved indication is treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism (SHPT)
                                     hydrochloride
                                                        of adult patients receiving hemodialysis treatment for chronic kidney disease (CKD).
                                       injection)


                                       Bei Wen*         This drug (potassium ion competitive acid blocker (P-CAB)) was approved for launch
                                     (keverprazan       by the NMPA in February 2023. As of the date of this report, it is the only approved
    13
                                     hydrochloride      P-CAB with DU/RE double indications and is classified as class 1 new drug in China. Its
                                        tablets)        approved indications include duodenal ulcer (DU) and reflux esophagitis (RE).

                                                        This series include Artesun and Argesun (artesunate for injection), SPAQ-CO (sulfadoxine
                                                        pyrimidine dispersible tablets + amodiaquine dispersible tablets) and the D-ARTEPP
                                                        series (dihydroartemisinin- piperaquine phosphate tablets) etc. In particular, artesunate
                                                        is the first class 1 new drug in China.
                                   Antimalarial series
    14
                                   such as artesunate As of December 2023, the Group has a total of 33 antimalarial drugs (including APIs
                                                       and preparations) with WHO PQ. The second generation of artesunate for injection
                                                       (Artesun) obtained WHO PQ in June 2023, and was registered and approved in 21
                                                       countries. As of December 2023, the Group has supplied over 340 million doses of
                                                       artesunate for injection across the world.
                                                        This drug (broad-spectrum RNA virus inhibitor) obtained the emergency conditional
                                                        approval from the NMPA in July 2022 for use in treatment of adult patients suffering
              Anti-infection                            moderate COVID-19.
                                      Jie Bei An*
    15
                                   (azvudine tablets)
                                                        This drug’s approved indication also includes treatment for adult HIV-1 patients (AIDS
                                                        patients) with high viral load in combination with other reverse transcriptase inhibitors
                                                        (conditionally approved).

                                                  Comirnaty (mRNA COVID-19 vaccine BNT162b2), Comirnaty (Original/Omicron BA.4/
                                                  BA.5-adapted bivalent vaccine) and dosage forms for adults of Comirnaty XBB1.5
                                     Comirnaty*   (Omicron XBB1.5-adapted) have been officially registered both in Hong Kong and
    16                             (mRNA COVID-19 Macau. The related dosage forms for children (for vaccination of children aged 5 to
                                       vaccine)   11) and infants (for vaccination of infants of 6 months to 4 years old) have been
                                                  authorized for emergency use (for local government vaccination programs only) in
                                                  Hong Kong and special license import in Macau.

                                                        Rabies vaccine (Vero cell) for human use was approved for launch by the NMPA in
                                                        September 2016, with a specification of 1.0ml per vial, 1.0ml per human dose, and an
                                                        approved indication of rabies prophylaxis. In the production of rabies vaccine (Vero
                                                        cell) for human use, Fosun Aleph uses serum-free medium at the virus culture stage.
                                     Rabies vaccine
                                                        CTN-1V strain was used as its virus strain for production, whose gene sequence is
    17      Rabies prophylaxis       (Vero cell) for
                                                        closer to that of the street strain of prevailing rabies virus, and has better immune
                                      human use
                                                        protection effect.

                                                        In March 2024, the NDA of rabies vaccine (VERO cell) for human use (freeze dried)
                                                        independently developed by the Group was approved by the NMPA.
                                                        Influenza virus lysate vaccine is in adult dosage form and paediatric dosage form. The
                                                        adult dosage form was approved for launch by the NMPA in November 2005, with a
                                                        specification of 0.5ml/vial in pre-filled form; and the paediatric dosage form was
                                                        approved for launch by the NMPA in July 2009, with a specification of 0.25ml/vial in
                                                        pre-filled form. The approved indication of the product is prevention of influenza
                                     Influenza virus
    18     Influenza prophylaxis                        caused by a parent strain of virus.
                                      lysate vaccine
                                                        The product is made from influenza A1, influenza A3 and influenza B virus strains as
                                                        recommended by the WHO and approved by the NMPA. The product contains more
                                                        active ingredient haemagglutinin than the standard required by the Chinese
                                                        Pharmacopoeia to ensure its effectiveness.
                                                        This series include enoxaparin sodium injection, heparin sodium injection, low
                                                        molecular weight heparin for injection and nadroparin calcium injection etc. Heparin
                                                        series preparations are mainly used for the prevention of thrombosis or treatment of
                                                        embolism.
                                     Heparin series
    19
                                     preparations
                                                        The Group has the full industry chain supply capability for low-grade and high- grade
                                                        heparin products, low-molecular heparin raw materials and preparations, and the sales
          Cardiovascular system                         network covers China, the United States, South America, Europe, the Middle East and
                                                        Southeast Asia.
                                                        The drug was approved for launch by the NMPA in August 2023, and is a first-line
                                      Yi Xin Tan*       drug for the treatment of heart failure and hypertension in an innovative crystalline
                                       (sacubitril      form. Its approved indication is the treatment of essential hypertension. It can also be
    20
                                   valsartan sodium     used in adult patients with chronic heart failure (NYHA class II-IV, LVEF≤40%) with
                                        tablets)        reduced ejection fraction to mitigate risks of cardiovascular death and hospitalisation
                                                        for heart failure.


*   Being the license-in innovative drug (product) of the Group.




                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023      31
Management Discussion and Analysis



II.	Segment Performance Overview

     1.	Pharmaceutical manufacturing
          Performance summary
          During the Reporting Period, the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment of the Group generated revenue of
          RMB30,080 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.00%. In particular, excluding COVID-related
          products, the revenue of the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment of the Group recorded a year-on-year
          increase of 13.47%, which was mainly due to the revenue from new products and sub-new products (excluding
          COVID-related products) maintaining rapid growth.

          During the Reporting Period, the segment results of the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment amounted to
          RMB2,134 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 43.77%, and segment profits amounted to RMB1,974
          million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 42.26%, which was mainly due to: (1) the impacts of COVID-
          related products: ① COVID-related products and assets with indications of impairment were disposed, and
          impairment provisions were made, totaling approximately RMB569 million; ② with a significant decline in
          revenue from COVID-related products, profits decreased accordingly; ③ there were still expenses arising from the
          team, medical and market activities for COVID-related operations during the Reporting Period; (2) as a result of
          the impacts of the costs and amortisation of the acquisition of Cenexi by Gland Pharma, and operating losses of
          Cenexi, net profits recorded a year-on-year decrease; (3) the investment in commercialization preparations before
          the launch of serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor) in the U.S. market.

          During the Reporting Period, the R&D expenditures in the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment of the Group
          amounted to RMB5,172 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.47%. R&D expenditures in the
          pharmaceutical manufacturing segment accounted for 17.19% of the revenue from the pharmaceutical
          manufacturing segment. In particular, R&D expenses amounted to RMB3,638 million, accounting for 12.09% of
          the revenue from the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment.

          Revenue from major products of the Group in the major therapeutic areas during the Reporting Period is set out
          in the following table:

                                                                                             Unit: million Currency: RMB

                                                                                                              Year-on-year
                                                                                                               increase on
                                                                                                                 the same
          Major therapeutic area                                                    2023           2022               basis
                                                                                                                       (%)


          Major products of anti-tumor and immune modulation (Notes 1, 5)          7,638          5,535             37.99
          Major products of anti-infection (Notes 2, 5)                            4,340          8,582            –49.43
          Major products of metabolism and alimentary system (Note 5)              2,824          2,883             –2.05
          Major products of cardiovascular system (Notes 3, 5)                     1,677          2,115            –20.71
          Major products of central nervous system (Notes 4, 5)                    1,184          1,003             18.05
          Major products of APIs and intermediate products (Note 5)                1,271          1,248              1.84




32    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



      Note 1: The revenue from major products of anti-tumor and immune modulation recorded a year-on-year increase of 37.99%, mainly due to the
              revenue growth of Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection), Han Qu You (trastuzumab injection) and trastuzumab drug substance, and Su
              Ke Xin (avatrombopag maleate tablets), and the revenue contribution from new products, namely Otezla (apremilast tablets), Han Bei Tai
              (bevacizumab injection) and Akynzeo (netupitant and palonosetron hydrochloride capsules).

      Note 2: The revenue from major products of anti-infection recorded a year-on-year decrease of 49.43%, mainly due to the combined effect of
              the significant decrease in the sales volume of COVID- related products (Comirnaty (mRNA COVID-19 vaccine) and Jie Bei An (azvudine
              tablets)), and the revenue growth contribution from Cravit (levofloxacin tablets and levofloxacin injection).

      Note 3: The revenue from major products of cardiovascular system recorded a year-on-year decrease of 20.71%, mainly due to the decline in
              sales of heparin series preparations in the overseas market.

      Note 4: The revenue from major products of central nervous system recorded a year-on-year increase of 18.05%, mainly due to the sales growth
              of Chang Tuo Ning (penehyclidine hydrochloride injection).

      Note 5: Major products of anti-tumor and immune modulation comprise: Han Qu You (trastuzumab injection) and trastuzumab drug substance,
              Han Li Kang (rituximab injection), Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection), Su Ke Xin (avatrombopag maleate tablets), Ke Sheng (Xihuang
              capsules), Kai Lai Zhi (epinastine hydrochloride capsules), Akynzeo (netupitant and palonosetron hydrochloride capsules), Han Da Yuan
              (adalimumab injection), Han Bei Tai (bevacizumab injection), Otezla (apremilast tablets), Yi Luo Ze/Tu Mei Si (pemetrexed disodium for
              injection), Zhao Hui Xian (bicalutamide tablets), Fu Ke Shu (anti-human T-lymphocyte rabbit immunoglobulin), ondansetron, oxaliplatin,
              paclitaxel, Di Kai Mei (sorafenib tosylate tablets) and Pei Jin (telpegfilgrastim injection).

               Major products of anti-infection comprise: antimalarial series such as artesunate, Jie Bei An (azvudine tablets), Cravit (levofloxacin
               tablets), Sha Duo Li Ka (potassium sodium dehydroandrographolide succinate for injection), rabies vaccine (VERO cell) for human use
               (non-freeze dried), Pai Shu Xi Lin (piperacillin sodium and tazobactam sodium for injection), anti-tuberculosis series, Cravit (levofloxacin
               injection), Qiang Shu Xi Lin/Qin Shu/Er Ye Qin (piperacillin sodium and sulbactam sodium for injection), caspofungin, Xi Chang/Bi Li Shu
               (cefmetazole sodium for injection), Sai Fu Nuo (cefminox sodium for injection), daptomycin, He Pu Ding (lamivudine tablets), micafungin,
               Comirnaty (mRNA COVID-19 vaccine), vancomycin, Er Ye Bi (ceftizoxime sodium for injection), Si Ke Ni (azithromycin capsules), Ka Di
               (flucloxacillin sodium for injection) and Rui Sai Ni (clindamycin hydrochloride capsules).

               Major products of metabolism and alimentary system comprise: You Li Tong (febuxostat tablets), Atomolan (glutathione tablets), Bei Yi
               (potassium chloride granules), animal insulin and its preparations, Atomolan (glutathione for injection), Ke Yi (new compound aloe
               capsules), Wan Su Jing (empagliflozin tablets), Yi Bao (recombinant human erythropoietin for injection (CHO cells)), Li Qing (alfacalcidol
               tablets), Wan Su Ping (glimepiride tablets), human insulin and its preparations, Fan Ke Jia (thioctic acid injection), Bei Wen (keverprazan
               hydrochloride tablets) and Pang Bi Fu (etelcalcetide hydrochloride injection).

               Major products of cardiovascular system comprise: heparin series preparations, Bang Tan (telmisartan tablets), Ya Ni An (amlodipine
               besilate tablets), Bang Zhi (pitavastatin calcium tablets), Ke Yuan (calcium dobesilate capsules), You Di Er (alprostadil dried emulsion for
               injection), Xin Xian An (meglumine adenosine cyclophosphate for injection), Su Ka Xin (indapamide tablets), Yi Xin Tan (一心坦) (sacubitril
               valsartan sodium tablets) and Run Mo De Lin (treprostinil injection).

               Major products of central nervous system comprise: Chang Tuo Ning (penehyclidine hydrochloride injection), Qi Wei (quetiapine
               fumarate tablets), Ao De Jin (deproteinised calf blood serum injection), Qi Cheng (escitalopram oxalate tablets) and lorazepam tablets.

               Major products of APIs and intermediate products comprise: amino acid series, tranexamic acid, levamisole hydrochloride and
               clindamycin hydrochloride.


      *   The data of 2022 was restated according to the basis of 2023.




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023            33
Management Discussion and Analysis



         In 2023, there were a total of 50 preparations or series of products in the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment
         of the Group that each recorded sales of over RMB100 million, a net increase of 3 items compared to 2022, and
         details are as follows:

                                                                                                            Currency: RMB


             Sales during the
             Reporting Period         Number                         Preparation varieties or series

                                                  Han Qu You (trastuzumab injection),
                                                  Han Li Kang (rituximab injection),
                Over 1 billion            4
                                                  Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection),
                                                  heparin series preparations

                                                  Su Ke Xin (avatrombopag maleate tablets),
                500 million to                    antimalarial series such as artesunate,
                                          4
                  1 billion                       Jie Bei An (azvudine tablets),
                                                  You Li Tong (febuxostat tablets)

                                                  8 varieties including
                                                  rabies vaccine (VERO cell) for human use (non-freeze dried),
                300 million to                    Atomolan (glutathione tablets),
                                          8
                 500 million                      Chang Tuo Ning (penehyclidine hydrochloride injection),
                                                  Cravit (levofloxacin tablets),
                                                  animal insulin and its preparations

                                                  34 varieties including
                                                  Otezla (apremilast tablets),
                                                  Akynzeo (netupitant and palonosetron hydrochloride capsules),
                                                  Han Da Yuan (adalimumab injection),
                100 million to
                                         34       Han Bei Tai (bevacizumab injection),
                 300 million
                                                  Wan Su Jing (empagliflozin tablets),
                                                  Qi Wei (quetiapine fumarate tablets),
                                                  Pai Shu Xi Lin (piperacillin sodium and tazobactam sodium for injection),
                                                  anti-tuberculosis series




34   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



      Important events
      •   Two new indications for serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor) and its commercialization progress in overseas
          markets

           During the Reporting Period, Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection), the first self-developed innovative PD-1
           inhibitor of the Group, had been approved for two new indications for extensive-stage small cell lung
           cancer (ES-SCLC) and unresectable locally advanced or metastatic esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC)
           in Chinese mainland and became the world’s first monoclonal antibody drug targeting PD-1 approved for
           the first-line treatment of extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC). As at the end of the Reporting
           Period, four indications of Han Si Zhuang have been approved in Chinese mainland, i.e. microsatellite
           instability-high (MSI-H) solid tumors, squamous non-small cell lung cancer (sqNSCLC), extensive-stage small
           cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC) and esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC). In addition, the NDA of Han Si
           Zhuang (serplulimab injection) in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin for the first-line treatment
           of patients with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) sensitive mutation-negative and anaplastic
           lymphoma kinase (ALK) gene rearrangement-negative locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous non-
           small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) was accepted by the NMPA in December 2023. This is the fifth indication of
           Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection) applied for NDA in Chinese mainland.

           During the Reporting Period, serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor) had been approved for launch in overseas
           market for the first time. With its indication for treatment of extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC)
           approved by the Indonesian Food and Drugs Authority (BPOM), serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor)
           completed its first round of overseas distribution in January 2024, making it the first Chinese PD-1
           monoclonal antibody drug approved for launch in Southeast Asia. Moreover, its marketing authorization
           application (MAA) in the EU had been accepted.

           Based on the differentiated development strategy of “Combo+Global” (combination therapy +
           globalization), the Group proactively facilitated the synergy between Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection)
           and other self-owned pipeline products, and approval have been obtained for clinical trials in China, the
           United States and other countries and regions. Several clinical trials of Han Si Zhuang and relevant
           combined therapies have been orderly commenced across the world, covering indications such as lung
           cancer, esophageal cancer, head and neck squamous cell carcinoma, colorectal cancer and gastric cancer.
           In particular, the head-to-head bridging trial comparing to first- line standard of care with Atezolizumab for
           extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC) had entered clinical enrollment stage in the United States.
           The first patient dosing in the phase III of the international multi-center clinical study of limited-stage small
           cell lung cancer (LS-SCLC) has also been completed in Chinese mainland, the United States, Australia and
           the EU. In addition, with its outstanding performance, serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor) for the
           treatment of small cell lung cancer (SCLC) was successively granted Orphan Drug Designation by the U.S.
           FDA and the European Commission. In December 2023, relevant production lines of serplulimab injection
           (PD-1 inhibitor) passed the GMP on-site inspection by Health and Youth Care Inspectorate, the health
           regulatory institution of Holland, indicating that these production facilities are in compliance with EU GMP
           standards.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023      35
Management Discussion and Analysis



               With the successive approvals for various indications of serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor, trade name in
               Chinese mainland: Han Si Zhuang) in China and the smooth progress of overseas clinical trials, the Group
               will continue to promote the global commercialization of this product and enhancing the accessibility of
               such product. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Han Si Zhuang had completed online bidding in all
               provinces across Chinese mainland. It was included in the customized commercial insurance catalogue in
               various cities, including Shanghai, Ningbo and Zhuhai. As at the end of the Reporting Period, a marketing
               team for Han Si Zhuang effectively covered approximately 36,000 doctors under different departments such
               as lung tumor and gastrointestinal tumor in approximately 1,800 hospitals across China through its lean
               management mode. During the Reporting Period, revenue from such product exceeded RMB1.1 billion. In
               terms of overseas commercialization, Shanghai Henlius, a subsidiary, reached agreements with KGbio in
               respect of serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor) during the Reporting Period. On the basis of 10 countries in
               Southeast Asia under the existing cooperation scope, Shanghai Henlius further expanded the cooperation
               to 12 countries in regions of the Middle East and North Africa. In October 2023, Shanghai Henlius also
               entered into a license agreement with Intas, granting Intas the exclusive rights to commercialize serplulimab
               injection (PD-1 inhibitor) in agreed European zone and India and other rights. In addition, the Group
               continued to facilitate the works for the commercialization of the product in the market of the United
               States, established its own U.S. innovative drug team covering medical affairs, market access, sales and
               other functions, and reached the cooperation with Syneos Health to provide support for the
               commercialization of the product in the United States.

         •     Approval for second-line new indication for CAR-T cell therapy products and other progress

               During the Reporting Period, a second-line indication of Yi Kai Da (ejilunsai injection) of Fosun Kite, a joint
               venture, for the treatment of adult patients with large B-cell lymphoma (r/r LBCL) that is refractory to first-
               line immunochemotherapy or that relapses within 12 months of first-line immunochemotherapy was
               approved in Chinese mainland. In September 2023, the second-line indication of Yi Kai Da (ejilunsai
               injection) was approved for launch in Macau.

               Yi Kai Da, the first CAR-T cell therapy product approved for domestic launch, is authorized to carry out the
               product’s localized production in China following the technology transfer of Yescarta, a CAR-T cell therapy
               product, from Kite Pharma. Its first approved indication is the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or
               refractory large B-cell lymphoma (r/r LBCL) after prior second-line or higher systemic therapy. As at the end
               of the Reporting Period, benefitting over 600 patients with lymphoma in total, Yi Kai Da has been included
               in over 100 urban customized commercial health insurances and over 75 commercial insurances, while the
               number of treatment centers on record exceeded 160, covering more than 25 provinces and municipalities
               across China. In January 2024, Yi Kai Da introduced an innovative payment plan based on therapeutic
               effects in Chinese mainland, exploring a new path for payment mode of high-value innovative drugs in
               China.




36   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



          According to a multi-center real-world research data in China released in June 2023, the real-world efficacy
          of Yi Kai Da on patients with relapsed refractory non- Hodgkin’s lymphoma in Chinese mainland was in line
          with that of global patients. The 12-month overall survival rate was 84.3%, the best overall response rate
          was 83.2%, the best complete response rate was 58.4%, performing better in terms of safety. The survival
          analysis data of ZUMA-7 clinical trial research of Yescarta was published in New England Journal of
          Medicine (impact factor: 176.082), a medical journal. According to the results of the research: the death
          rate of r/r LBCL second- line treatment using ejilunsai injection reduced by 27.4% as compared to that of
          standard second-line treatment (SOC). Ejilunsai injection significantly extended the overall survival of
          patients.

          As at the date of this report, the third indication of Yi Kai Da (for the treatment of adult patients with
          relapsed or refractory inert non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma (r/r iNHL) containing follicular lymphoma and marginal
          zone lymphoma), and the first indication (for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory
          mantle cell lymphoma (r/r MCL) after prior second-line or higher systemic therapy) and second indication
          (relapsed or refractory adult precursor B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (adult r/r ALL)) of Fosun Kite’s
          second CAR-T cell therapy product FKC889 were at the bridging clinical trial stage in Chinese mainland.

      •   Progress of other pipeline products

          The Group continued to optimize its R&D system. With the improving R&D strategies, the Group focused
          on developing the four core technology platforms, namely small molecule, antibody/ADC, RNA and cell
          therapy, and continued to advance the R&D and launch progress of various innovative products. As at the
          date of this report, several self-developed, co-developed and license-in products of the Group have
          successively entered the key clinical/approval stage.

          During the Reporting Period, the phase III clinical research of FS-1502 (recombinant HER2 humanized
          monoclonal antibody-monomethyl auristatin F conjugate for injection), an innovative antibody drug
          conjugate originally license-in and subsequently independently developed by the Group, for the treatment
          of HER2 positive locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer that cannot be removed through surgery has
          commenced in Chinese mainland. HLX208, a molecular inhibitor targeting human BRAF protein V600E
          mutated cells license-in by the Group, for the treatment of BRAF V600E mutated langerhans cell
          histiocytosis (LCH) and Erdheim-Chester disease (ECD) in adults was included in the breakthrough therapy
          drug program in April 2023. The phase III clinical research of ET-26 (methoxyethyl etomidate hydrochloride
          for injection), which is jointly invented and developed by the Group and West China Hospital of Sichuan
          University, for anesthesia induction in adults has commenced in Chinese mainland in October 2023. In
          addition, the clinical trial applications of the Group’s HLX42 for injection (antibody-drug conjugate targeting
          EGFR with novel DNA topoisomerase I inhibitor) and HLX43 for injection (antibody-drug conjugate targeting
          PD-L1 with novel DNA topoisomerase I inhibitor) were approved by the NMPA and the U.S. FDA,
          respectively. In particular, HLX42 for the treatment of patients with advanced or metastatic EGFR-mutated
          non-small cell lung cancer whose disease has progressed on a third-generation EGFR tyrosine kinase
          inhibitor has been granted the Fast Track Designation by the U.S. FDA in December 2023.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023     37
Management Discussion and Analysis



               During the Reporting Period, the phase III clinical research of MEK1/2 selective inhibitor FCN-159
               independently developed by the Group for the treatment of neurofibromatosis type I in adults has
               commenced in Chinese mainland in July 2023, and its two indications, namely histiocytic tumors and
               treatment for adult patients with NF1 (neurofibromatosis type I) related plexiform neurofibroma who are
               unable to undergo surgery or encounter postoperative residual/recurrence, have successively included in the
               breakthrough therapy drug program in April and July 2023. The phase II clinical trial application of FCN-159
               for treatment of langerhans cell histiocytosis in children was approved by the NMPA in March 2023.

               In addition, as at the date of this report, the NDAs of several pipeline drugs, including DaxibotulinumtoxinA
               botulinum toxin (project code: RT002) and tenapanor hydrochloride tablets (project code: Tenapanor) was
               accepted in Chinese mainland. The BLA of trastuzumab injection was accepted in the U.S.

               During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to promote the R&D and industrialization of vaccines in
               its pipeline. In April 2023, the 13-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine, which is independently
               developed by the Group, completed patient enrollment for phase III clinical trial. In March 2024, rabies
               vaccine (Vero cell) for human use (freeze dried), which is independently developed by the Group, was
               approved for launch in Chinese mainland. As at the date of this report, Fosun Antejin successively received
               the Drug Manufacturing Certificate (《藥品生產許可證》) and the Drug Operating Certificate (《藥品 經營
               許 可 證》), laying a foundation for its subsequent commercialization of pipeline vaccine products.

               At the same time, during the Reporting Period, the established medicines manufacturing & supply business
               of the Group continued to optimize the life cycle management of established medicines on the product
               end, focused on the independent R&D of first generic drugs, difficult and complex preparations and
               improved new drugs, grasped highly fit expansion opportunities, enriched pipelines, improved the capability
               and efficiency of the system, and actively promoted the overseas commercialization of preparations. During
               the Reporting Period, a total of 29 generic drugs varieties of the Group were approved for launch including
               import drug licenses and 6 generic drugs passing consistency evaluation. In particular, osimertinib mesylate
               tablets and crizotinib capsules of Wanbang Pharma, a subsidiary, are the first generic drugs approved for
               launch in Chinese mainland. Li Tuo Ning ( 力妥寧) (urapidil hydrochloride injection) of Avanc Pharma, a
               subsidiary, is the first domestic urapidil hydrochloride product passing consistency evaluation. Tranexamic
               acid tablets of Hunan Dongting and chlorpheniramine maleate injection of Wanbang Pharma are the first
               products passing consistency evaluation among similar products in China. In addition, a total of 13 generic
               drugs preparations varieties of Gland Pharma, a subsidiary, were approved for launch by the U.S. FDA.




38   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



      •   Integrated production and streamlined operation

          In order to further improve the competitiveness of the production system of pharmaceutical manufacturing
          business, improve operational efficiency and implement the internationalization strategy, the Group
          continued to streamline and discover its internal competitive production capacity, deepened the integration
          of the production side, realized the rapid transformation of products through the construction of API and
          preparation bases and engineering technology centers, and built up internationally competitive star
          production lines and production bases.

          The Group continued to consolidate production lines on manufacture end and build regional production
          centers to gather production capacity and achieve the integration of APIs and preparations, further
          improved production and operation efficiency, and expanded production cost advantages. During the
          Reporting Period, the Group built regional production centers in Xuzhou and Chongqing, continuously
          advanced the construction of Xingnuo Pharma API Base, Hunan Dongting API Base and Chongqing API
          Base, and vertically integrated the APIs and preparation industry chains, realizing intensive mass production
          capacity and covering various preparations and disease areas. The Group expedited the construction of
          Shanghai Henlius’s Songjiang Base to continuously expand the production capacity. As at the end of the
          Reporting Period, the trial production of the first tranexamic acid production line in Hunan Dongting API
          Base had commenced; the category process validation in Chongqing Changshou API Base had been
          conducted; febuxostat API, the first product in Xingnuo Pharma API Base (transferred to Xingnuo Pharma
          from Wanbang Jinqiao), had passed the inspections on drug production license, GMP and registration
          verification and commenced commercial production; the transfer of relevant products from Xuzhou
          Industrial Park Preparation Base had commenced, and new products will be continuously introduced with
          increased production capacity in the subsequent stage; the installation works of drug substance and
          preparations building in Shanghai Henlius’s Songjiang Base had completed and entered the commissioning
          stage. In addition, the Group commenced the construction of the Cote d’Ivoire park integrating drug R&D,
          manufacturing, logistics and delivery located near Abidjan, aiming to realize local drug manufacturing and
          supply in Africa.

          At the same time, the Group continued to promote the certification of international production quality
          standards to consolidate the foundation for the exportation of preparations. The Group through different
          means including gap analysis, special training, reform and upgrade etc., continued to improve quality
          systems based on the domestic and international requirements, and enhanced the quality risk awareness
          and quality management capabilities of all employees. During the Reporting Period, the second generation
          of artesunate injection (Argesun) independently developed by the Group passed the WHO PQ, and became
          the first artesunate injection with one-step preparation passing the WHO PQ. As at the end of the Reporting
          Period, all commercial production lines of the domestic subsidiaries under the pharmaceutical manufacturing
          segment of the Group obtained domestic GMP certifications. During the Reporting Period, those production
          lines received over 100 official inspections as well as official sample tests on over 600 batches, all of which
          were passed smoothly, and 9 production lines had passed GMP certification in major regulatory markets
          such as the U.S. and the EU.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023     39
Management Discussion and Analysis



               In addition, during the Reporting Period, the Group continued to advance “Excellence Operation and
               Management”, and further upgraded to the FES management system based on FOPEX. The Group
               formulated the FES/FOPEX manual to guide enterprises in establishing lean operation system. Through in-
               depth analysis and study of each production stage of key products, the Group implemented optimization
               measures to improve processes, enhance quality, reduce cost, and enhanced product delivery capability.
               Focusing on energy saving and consumption reduction, the Group reduced energy consumption and carbon
               emission, and continued to promote green operation. Focusing on revenue growth and R&D efficiency
               improvement, the Group continued to deepen informatization and intelligent transformation. In respect of
               supply chain, through inventory optimization, the Group can ensure the timely, effective delivery of
               customer orders, thus effectively secure the stable operation of inventory plans and production plans.

         •     Progress in relation to the 2023 National Medical Insurance Drugs Catalogue

               In December 2023, certain domestic innovative drugs licensed-in by the Group were included in the
               National Medical Drugs Catalogue (officially executed in January 2024) through negotiation, which further
               enhanced the accessibility and affordability of drugs for relevant diseases in Chinese mainland, benefitting
               more domestic patients. The abovementioned domestic innovative drugs include: Bei Wen (keverprazan
               hydrochloride tablets), the first potassium ion competitive acid blocker (P-CAB) independently developed by
               China, and Pei Jin (telpegfilgrastim injection), a long-lasting recombinant human granulocyte colony-
               stimulating factor product.

         R&D innovation
         During the Reporting Period, the Group further improved the top-level structure of the innovative medicines
         division, continued to introduce senior scientists and C-level talents, comprehensively upgraded domestic and
         overseas capabilities in early R&D, CMC, clinical medicine and clinical operations, etc. At the same time, the
         Group reorganized the establishment, management and decision-making mechanisms at major nodes of its
         innovative drug projects by streamlining R&D projects and leveraging the INNOX digital management system, and
         dynamically evaluated its pipeline value and competitiveness, thereby improving the quality and effectiveness of
         R&D.

         In order to enhance scientific and innovation strategy and improve R&D efficiency, the Company has established
         the Scientific Advisory Board (SAB) at group level during the Reporting Period. Serving as the external think tank,
         the SAB will assist the management of the Group in formulating and optimizing the medium- to long-term
         scientific innovation and R&D strategies, and provide additional strategic guidelines and insights. As at the date of
         this report, the SAB has a total of 12 members, comprising globally renowned academicians, scientists and clinical
         experts with outstanding academic attainments from China and overseas, with their areas of expertise covering
         tumors, cardiovascular, immunology and other disease fields, involving clinical medicine, basic scientific study,
         drug R&D, regulatory science and other aspects. The SAB reviewed, evaluated and advised on the overall R&D
         strategic plannings, pipelines under development and specific projects of the Group. They also put forward
         targeted advices on the resource investment and external cooperation models for preliminary R&D projects, as
         well as the implementation paths of the two major strategies of internationalization and innovation, which served
         as reference for the Group in making decisions.




40   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



           Through independent R&D, cooperative development, license-in projects and in-depth incubation, the Group
           focused on core therapeutic areas such as oncology (solid tumors and hematological tumors), autoimmunity,
           central nervous system, chronic disease (liver disease/metabolic disease/kidney disease) and mainly strengthened
           core technology platforms such as small molecule, antibody/ADC, cell therapy and RNA, creating an open and
           global innovative R&D system. The Group also actively explored cutting-edge technologies such as cancer vaccine
           and AI drug R&D to continuously enhance its core R&D capabilities and pipeline value, and facilitate the R&D and
           commercialization of more FIC (First-in-class) and BIC (Best-in-class) products. During the Reporting Period, the
           global R&D center integrated resources to establish TRC (Translational Research Center), which aims to strengthen
           cooperation with preliminary R&D institutions such as scientific research institutes, promote the transformation of
           original innovation, and promote more high-quality innovative products to enter clinical stage.

           During the Reporting Period, 6 innovative drugs with a total of 8 indications and 29 generic drugs varieties of the
           Group (including import drug licenses but excluding 13 generic drugs preparations approved for launch by the U.S.
           FDA of the Gland Pharma) were approved for launch. 5 innovative drugs/biosimilars with a total of 7 indications3
           and 64 generic drugs varieties (including import drug licenses but excluding overseas applications of Gland
           Pharma) had applied for launch. In addition, a total of 20 innovative drugs/biosimilars (indications) were approved
           for clinical trials (calculated by indications) during the Reporting Period. During the Reporting Period, a total of
           206 patents had been applied for in the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment of the Group, including 5 U.S.
           patent applications and 11 PCT applications; 74 licensed invention patents authorization were obtained.

           In addition, during the Reporting Period, the clinical data of several innovative drugs of the Group was disclosed
           at domestic and overseas medical academic meetings such as the meetings of American Society of Clinical
           Oncology (ASCO), Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (CSCO), European Hematology Association (EHA), and
           European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO).

           As at the end of the Reporting Period, there were over 70 major pipeline projects of the Group on innovative
           drugs and biosimilars (calculated by indications); for details on major pipeline drug projects of the Group, please
           refer to Table 3 to Table 6.




3
    Including the biologics license application (BLA) for trastuzumab injection, which is independently developed by the Group, in the U.S. submitted by
    Accord BioPharma Inc., a partner of the Group.




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023          41
Management Discussion and Analysis



                            Table 3 — Small molecular innovative drugs under independent development

                                                                                                                R&D progress in Chinese     R&D progress in other
     Therapeutic                                                                                                mainland as at the end of countries as at the end of
 No.    area                        Drug name/code                                Indications                    the Reporting Period       the Reporting Period

  1                                                          Hematological malignancies                         Phase I clinical trial
                                                                                                                                              Phase I clinical trial
                                                             Relapsed or refractory B-cell                                                    (U.S.)
  2                                                                                                             Phase I clinical trial
                    FCN–338                                  lymphoma
                                                             Treatment of myeloid malignancies in combination
  3                                                                                                             Phase II clinical trial       —
                                                             with azacitidine or chemotherapy
                                                                                                                                              Phase II clinical trial
  4                                                          Neurofibromatosis type I                           Phase III clinical trial
                                                                                                                                              (international multi-center)
  5                 FCN-159Note 1                            Low-grade gliomas                                  Phase II clinical trial       —
  6                                                          Histiocytic tumors                                 Phase II clinical trial       —
       Anti-tumor
  7                                                          Langerhans cell histiocytosis in children          Phase II clinical trial       —
  8                                                          Non-small cell lung cancer (ROS1+)                 Phase II clinical trial       Approved for clinical trial
                    SAF-189
  9                                                          Non-small cell lung cancer (ALK+)                  Phase III clinical trial      (U.S.)

 10                                                          Breast cancer 1L                                   Phase III clinical trial
                    FCN-437c                                                                                                                  —
 11                                                          Breast cancer 2L                                   NDA
 12                 YP01001                                  Advanced solid tumor                               Phase I clinical trial        —
 13                 FH-2001                                  Advanced malignant solid tumor                     Phase Ib/II clinical trial    —
 14                 XS-03 tablets                            RAS-mutated advanced solid tumor                   Phase I clinical trial        —
 15                 ET-26                                    Anesthesia                                         Phase III clinical trial      —
 16                 FCN-159                                  Arteriovenous malformations                        Phase II clinical trial       —
 17                 FCN-016 eyedrop                          Glaucoma or ocular hypertension                    Approved for clinical trial   —
                    SZEY-2108 for                            Carbapenem-resistant
 18      Others                                                                                                 Phase I clinical trial        —
                    injection                                Enterobacteriaceae (CRE) infection
                                                             Secondary prevention of ischemic stroke and
 19                 XH-S002 powder                                                                              Phase I clinical trial        —
                                                             transient ischemic attack
                                                             1gA nephropathy and other glomerular diseases      Approved for clinical         Phase I clinical trial
 20                 XH-S003 capsules
                                                             with abnormal complement activation                trialNote 2                   (Australia)

Note 1:		 Two indications of FCN-159 tablets, i.e. treatment of histiocytic tumors and treatment for adult patients with NF1 (neurofibromatosis type I) related
          plexiform neurofibroma that are inoperable or residual/recurrent, were included in the breakthrough drug therapy program in April 2023 and July 2023,
          respectively.

Note 2:		 In March 2024, Phase I clinical studies of XH-S003 capsules for the treatment of IgA nephropathy and other glomerular diseases with abnormal
          complement activation were initiated.




42       Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



                         Table 4 — Biopharmaceutical innovative drugs under independent development

                                                                                                                         R&D progress in Chinese     R&D progress in other
     Therapeutic                                                                                                         mainland as at the end of countries as at the end of
 No.    area                        Drug name/code                                      Indications                       the Reporting Period       the Reporting Period

  1                  Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection)         Microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) solid tumor   Approved for launch               —
                                                                                                                                                           Phase III clinical trial
  2                                                                Squamous non-small cell lung cancer (sqNSCLC)         Approved for launch               (international multi-center)
                                                                                                                                                           Marketing authorization
  3                                                                Extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC)      Approved for launch               application (EU)
                     Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection) +                                                                                               Bridging trial (U.S.)
                     chemotherapy
  4                                                                Esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC)             Approved for launch               —
  5                                                                Non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC)       NDA                               —
  6                                                                Neo-/adjuvant treatment of GC                         Phase III clinical trial          —
                     Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection) +
  7                                                                Limited-stage small cell lung cancer (LS-SCLC)        Phase III clinical trial (international multi-center)
                     chemotherapy + radiotherapy
                     Han Si Zhuang
  8                  (serplulimab injection) + Han Bei Tai         Metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC)                   Phase II/III clinical trial       —
                     (bevacizumab injection)
                     Han Si Zhuang                                 Recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous Phase II clinical trial
  9                                                                                                                                                        —
                     (serplulimab injection) + HLX07               cell carcinoma (HNSCC)
                     (recombinant anti-EGFR humanized
 10                  monoclonal antibody injection)                Squamous non-small cell lung cancer (sqNSCLC)         Phase II clinical trial           —
                     Han Si Zhuang
                     (serplulimab injection) + HLX07 (recombinant Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC)
 11                                                                                                                      Approved for clinical trial       —
                     anti-EGFR humanized monoclonal antibody
                     injection) + Han Bei Tai (bevacizumab injection)
                     HLX26 (recombinant anti-LAG-3 humanized
 12                  monoclonal antibody injection) + Han Si Metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC)                         Phase II clinical trial           —
        Anti-tumor   Zhuang (serplulimab injection)
                                                                                                                                                           Approved for clinical trial
 13                                                         Solid tumor                                       Phase Ib/II clinical trial
                     HLX07 (recombinant anti-EGFR humanized                                                                                                (U.S.)
                     monoclonal antibody injection)         Locally advanced or metastatic cutaneous squamous Phase II clinical trial                      Approved for clinical trial
 14                                                         cell carcinoma (CSCC)                                                                          (U.S.)
                     HLX26 (recombinant anti-LAG-3 humanized Solid tumor and lymphoma
 15                                                                                                                      Phase I clinical trial            —
                     monoclonal antibody injection)
                     HLX26 (recombinant anti-LAG-3 humanized
 16                  monoclonal antibody injection) + Han Si       Advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC)           Approved for clinical trial       —
                     Zhuang (serplulimab injection) + chemotherapy
                     HLX51 (recombinant anti-OX40 humanized Solid tumor and lymphoma
 17                                                                                                                      Approved for clinical trial       —
                     monoclonal antibody for injection)
 18                  HLX53 (anti-TIGIT Fc fusion protein)          Solid tumor and lymphoma                              Phase I clinical trial            —
                     HLX60 (recombinant anti-GARP humanized Solid tumor and lymphoma
 19                                                                                                                      Phase I clinical trial            —
                     monoclonal antibody injection)
                     HLX42 (antibody-drug conjugate targeting Advanced/metastatic solid tumor                                                              Approved for clinical trial
 20                                                                                                                      Approved for clinical trial
                     EGFR with novel DNA topoisomerase I inhibitor)                                                                                        (U.S.)Note
                     HLX43 (antibody-drug conjugate targeting                                                                                              Approved for clinical trial
 21                  PD-L1 with novel                              Advanced/metastatic solid tumor                       Phase I clinical trial            (U.S.)
                     DNA topoisomerase I inhibitor)
                     HLX60 (recombinant anti-GARP humanized                                                                                                Phase I clinical trial
 22                  monoclonal antibody injection) + Han Si Solid tumor                                                 —                                 (Australia)
                     Zhuang (serplulimab injection)
                                                                   Advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma, Approved for clinical trial             Approved for clinical trial
 23                  VT-101 injection                              melanoma, breast cancer and other solid tumors                                          (U.S.)
                     HLX04-O (recombinant anti-VEGF humanized                                                                                              Phase III clinical trial
 24                                                                Wet age-related macular degeneration (wAMD)           Phase III clinical trial
          Others     monoclonal antibody injection)                                                                                                        (international multi-center)
 25                  GC101                                         Recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa (RDEB)     Approved for clinical trial       —


Note:    In December 2023, the injection of HLX42 for the treatment of patients with advanced or metastatic EGFR-mutated non-small cell lung cancer whose
         disease has progressed on a third-generation EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor was granted the Fast Track Designation by the U.S. FDA.




                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023              43
Management Discussion and Analysis



                                                            Table 5 — License-in innovative drugs

                                                                                                                                     R&D progress in major licensed territory
 No.     Therapeutic area                    Drug name/code                                      Indications                          as at the end of the Reporting Period

                              FS-1502 (recombinant HER2 humanized         HER2-positive locally advanced or metastatic breast Chinese mainland: Phase III clinical trial
  1
                              monoclonal antibody-monomethyl auristatin F cancer
  2                           conjugate for injection)                    HER2-expressing advanced malignant solid tumors Chinese mainland: Phase II clinical trial
                              FS-1502 (recombinant HER2 humanized
                              monoclonal antibody-monomethyl auristatin F HER2-expressing advanced gastric cancer
  3                                                                                                                               Chinese mainland: Phase II clinical trial
                              conjugate for injection) in combination with
                              serplulimab and/or chemotherapy
                                                                             Solid tumor (metastatic colorectal cancer, non- Chinese mainland: Phase II clinical trial
  4                           HLX208Note 1                                   small cell lung cancer, etc.), LCH and ECD
                              HLX208 (BRAF V600E inhibitor) + Han Si BRAF V600E or BRAF V600 mutation-positive Chinese mainland: Phase II clinical trial
  5                           Zhuang (serplulimab injection)         advanced solid tumor (non-small cell lung cancer)
            Anti-tumor
                              HLX22 (anti-human epidermal factor
                              receptor-2 (HER2) humanized monoclonal Gastric cancer (GC)
  6                                                                                                                               Chinese mainland: Phase II clinical trial
                              antibody injection) + Han Qu You (trastuzumab
                              injection)
                              HLX22 (anti-human epidermal factor
                              receptor-2 (HER2) humanized monoclonal
                              antibody injection) + Han Si Zhuang Gastric cancer (GC)
  7                                                                                                                               Chinese mainland: Approved for clinical trial
                              (serplulimab injection) + Standardized
                              treatment (trastuzumab in combination with
                              chemotherapy)
                              SVN53-67/M57-KLH peptide vaccine
  8                                                                          Primary diagnosis of glioblastoma                    Chinese mainland: Approved for clinical trial
                              (SurVaxM)
                                                                                                                                  Chinese mainland: Approved for launch U.S.:
  9                                                                          Duodenal ulcer (DU)
                              Keverprazan Hydrochloride tablets (trade                                                            Phase I clinical trial
          Metabolism and      name in Chinese mainland: Bei Wen (倍穩))                                                             Chinese mainland: Approved for launch U.S.:
 10                                                                          Reflux esophagitis (RE)
         alimentary system                                                                                                        Phase I clinical trial
                              Tenapanor tablets                                                                                   Chinese mainland: Phase I clinical trial
 11                                                                          Irritable bowel syndrome with constipation (IBS-C)
                              (tenapanor hydrochloride tablets)                                                                   Hong Kong: Approved for launch
                              Comirnaty vaccineNote 2                        Prevention of disease (COVID-19) caused by novel Hong Kong and Macau: Dosage forms for adults
 12                           (mRNA COVID-19 vaccine)                        coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) infection               approved for launch (officially registered)
                                                                             Extensively drug-resistant (XDR) or multidrug- China: NDA
 13        Anti-infection     Pretomanid tablets                             resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) with treatment Hong Kong: Approved for launch
                                                                             intolerance/low efficacy of treatment
                              OP0595 (Nacubactam for injection)              Treatment of adults infected by aerobic
 14                                                                                                                               Chinese mainland: Phase I clinical trial
                              + cefepime or aztreonam                         gram-negative bacteria with limited options
 15    Central nervous system Opicapone capsules                             Parkinson syndrome                                   Chinese mainland: NDA
 16                           Avatrombopag maleate tablets                   Chronic immune thrombocytopenia (ITP)                Chinese mainland: NDA

                              Tenapanor tablets (tenapanor hydrochloride Controlling hyperphosphatemia in adult patients
 17                                                                      receiving hemodialysis treatment for chronic Chinese mainland: NDA
           Blood system       tablets)                                   kidney disease (CKD)
                              Fu Ke Shu (anti-human T-lymphocyte rabbit Prevent graft-versus-host disease (GvHD) after the Chinese mainland: Approved for clinical trial
 18                           immunoglobulin)                           hematopoietic stem cell transplantation
 19                                                                          Moderate to severe glabellar lines in adults (GL)    Chinese mainland: NDA
                              RT002 (DaxibotulinumtoxinA botulinum toxin)
 20           Others                                                         Cervical dystonia in adults (CD)                     Chinese mainland: NDA
 21                           Fortacin spray (lidocaine prilocaine spray)    Premature ejaculation                                Chinese mainland: Phase III clinical trial

Note 1: HLX208 for the treatment of BRAF V600E mutated langerhans cell histiocytosis (LCH) and Erdheim- Chester disease (ECD) in adults was included in the
        breakthrough therapy drug program in April 2023.

Note 2: Including Comirnaty BNT162b2 (mRNA vaccine BNT162b2), Comirnaty Bivalent Vaccine (mRNA COVID-19 Original/Omicron BA.4/BA.5-adapted bivalent
        vaccine) and Comirnaty XBB1.5 (Omicron-adapted XBB1.5).




44       Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



                                             Table 6 — Biosimilars under independent development

                                                                                                                               R&D progress in Chinese mainland as at
 No.     Therapeutic area                    Drug name/code                                  Indications                          the end of the Reporting Period

                              HLX11 (recombinant anti-HER2 domain II                                                          Phase III clinical trial (international multi-
  1                                                                    Neoadjuvant treatment of BC
                              humanized monoclonal antibody injection)                                                        center)
                                                                        Metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) and
                              HLX05 (recombinant anti-EGFR human/murine
  2                                                                     metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma Phase I clinical trial
                              chimeric monoclonal antibody injection)
                                                                        (HNSCC)
                                                                         Melanoma, renal cell carcinoma, colorectal cancer,
            Anti-tumor
                                                                         hepatocellular carcinoma, non-small cell lung cancer,
                              HLX13 (recombinant anti-CTLA–4 fully human malignant pleural mesothelioma and esophageal Phase I clinical trial
  3
                              monoclonal antibody injection)             squamous cell carcinoma
                                                                          Liver cancer                                        Approved for clinical trial
                              HLX15 (recombinant anti-CD38 fully human
  4                                                                    Multiple myeloma (MM)                                  Phase I clinical trial
                              monoclonal antibody injection)
                              Mixed protamine zinc recombinant insulin
  5                                                                    Diabetes                                               NDA
                              lispro injection (50R)
                              Mixed protamine zinc recombinant insulin
  6                                                                    Diabetes                                               NDA
          Metabolism and      lispro injection (25R)
         alimentary system
  7                           Semaglutide injection                       Diabetes                                            Approved for clinical trialNote
  8                           Liraglutide injection                       Diabetes                                            Phase III clinical trial
  9                           Insulin degludec injection                  Diabetes                                            Phase I clinical trial
                              HLX14 (recombinant anti-RANKL fully human                                                       Phase III clinical trial
 10           Others                                                    Osteoporosis (OP)
                              monoclonal antibody injection)                                                                  (international multi-center)


Note: In January 2024, the Phase I clinical trial of semaglutide injection for the treatment of diabetes in Chinese mainland was initiated.


As at the end of the Reporting Period, a total of 32 products of the Group that had passed or deemed to have passed the
consistency evaluation of generic drugs were selected in nine batches of national centralized drug procurement bidding (for
details, please refer to Table 7 — Products won tenders for centralized procurement). In particular, the ninth batch of
centralized procurement was implemented since March 2024. For the existing products included in centralized procurement,
the Group leveraged the advantages of multi-channel marketing and lean production to strengthen the life cycle
management of centralized procurement products while sacrificing price for volume, and actively promoted incremental
products to quickly enter the market through centralized procurement and effectively smoothen the impact of existing
products participating in centralized procurement.




                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023               45
Management Discussion and Analysis



                                  Table 7 — Products won tenders for centralized procurement

                                                                                                                                                                     Charge
No.     Round selected             Name of drugs                                       Indications                                       Specifications               unit

 1                          Amlodipine Besylate Tablets    High blood pressure                                                 5mg*7 tablets/box                    Box

      4+7 scope expansion                                                                                                      10mg*7 tablets/box,
 2                          Escitalopram Oxalate Tablets   Depression disorder                                                 10mg*10 tablets/box,                 Box
                                                                                                                               10mg*14 tablets/box
                                                           1. Acute pharyngitis and acute tonsillitis caused by streptococcus
                                                           pyogenes; 2. sinusitis, otitis media, acute bronchitis and acute
                                                           exacerbation of chronic bronchitis caused by susceptible bacteria; 3.
                                                           pneumonia caused by streptococcus pneumoniae, haemophilus             0.25g*6 capsules/box,
 3                          Azithromycin Capsules                                                                                                                   Box
                                                           influenzae and mycoplasma pneumonia; 4. urethritis and cervicitis 0.25g*4 capsules/box
                                                           caused by chlamydia trachomatis and non-multidrug-resistant
                                                           neisseria gonorrhoeae; 5. skin and underlying tissue infection
       The second round
                                                           caused by susceptible bacteria.
                            Clindamycin Hydrochloride      Infection caused by susceptible strains such as streptococci,
 4                                                                                                                             0.15g*10 capsules/box                Box
                            Capsules                       staphylococci and anaerobic bacteria
 5                          Indapamide Tablets             Essential hypertension                                              2.5mg*10 tablets/box                 Box
 6                          Isoniazid Tablets              Tuberculosis                                                        0.1g*100 tablets/bottle              Bottle
 7                          Febuxostat Tablets             Long-term treatment of gout patients with hyperuricemia             40mg*16 tablets/box                  Box
                                                                                                                               0.1g*10 tablets/strip*3 strips/box,
 8                          Quetiapine Fumarate Tablets    Manic episodes of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder                25mg*14 tablets/strip*2 strips/box, Box
                                                                                                                               0.2g*8 tablets/strip*2 strips/box
 9                          Pitavastatin Calcium Tablets   Hypercholesterolemia and familial hypercholesterolemia              2mg*14 tablets/box                   Box
        The third round
                                                           Applicable to tuberculosis caused by treatment of mycobacterium
                            Ethambutol Hydrochloride       tuberculosis in combination of other anti-tuberculosis drugs. It can 0.25g*50 tablets/bottle,
 10                                                                                                                                                                 Bottle
                            Tablets                        also be used for the treatment of tuberculous meningitis and         0.25g*100 tablets/bottle
                                                           atypical mycobacterium infection
                            Memantine Hydrochloride
 11                                                        Moderate to severe Alzheimer ’s dementia                            10mg*14 tablets/box                  Box
                            Tablets
 12                         Telmisartan Tablets            Essential hypertension                                              40mg*8 tablets/strip*4 strips/box    Box
 13                         Empagliflozin Tablets          Type 2 diabetes                                                     10mg*10 tablets/strip*1 strip/box    Box
                                                           1. Treatment of microangiopathy: Diabetic microangiopathy
                                                           — retinopathy and glomerulosclerosis (Kimmerstiel-Wilson
                                                           syndrome); microvascular injury — accompanying with increased
                                                           capillary fragility and permeability, capillary diseases and
 14                         Calcium Dobesilate Capsules                                                                       0.5g*10 tablets/strip*3 strips/box    Box
                                                           acrocyanosis. 2. adjuvant therapy for chronic venous insufficiency
                                                           (varicose vein syndrome) and its sequelae (including post-embolism
                                                           syndrome, leg ulcers, purpuric dermatitis and other stagnant skin
        The fourth round                                   diseases, peripheral vascular stasis edema etc.)
 15                         Sorafenib Tosylate Tablets     Inoperable or distant metastasis of hepatocellular carcinoma        0.2g*10 tablets/strip*3 strips/box   Box
                                                                                                                               20mg*60 capsules/bottle,
                            Duloxetine Hydrochloride
 16                                                        Generalized anxiety disorder and depression                         30mg*90 capsules/bottle,             Bottle
                            Enteric Capsules
                                                                                                                               60mg*30 capsules/bottle
                                                           This product is only effective for mycobacterium, and can be used
                                                           for treatment of tuberculosis in combination with other anti-
 17                         Pyrazinamide Tablets                                                                               0.25g*100 tablets/bottle             Bottle
                                                           tuberculosis drugs (such as streptomycin, isoniazid, rifampin and
                                                           ethambutol)




46    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



                                                                                                                                                                      Charge
No.   Round selected            Name of drugs                                         Indications                                           Specifications             unit

                                                          1. Improve the symptoms of patients with chronic renal
                                                          insufficiency, hypoparathyroidism, vitamin D-resistant rickets and
                                                                                                                                 0.25μg*10 tablets/strip*3 strips/
 18                      Alfacalcidol Tablets             osteomalacia due to abnormal vitamin D metabolism, such as                                                 Box
                                                                                                                                 box
                                                          hypocalcemia, convulsions, ostealgia and bone damage. 2.
                                                          Osteoporosis.
       The fifth round                                    1. 50mg per day: For the treatment for advanced prostate cancer
                                                          together with luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (LHRH)
                                                          analogue or surgical orchiectomy. 2. 150mg per day: For the
 19                      Bicalutamide Tablets                                                                                    50mg*14 tablets/strip/box           Box
                                                          treatment of patients with locally advanced prostate cancer
                                                          without distant metastasis who are not suitable or unwilling to
                                                          receive surgical castration or other medical treatments.
 20                      Human Insulin Injection          Diabetes                                                               3ml:300 unit (refill)*1 vial        Vial

      The sixth round    Protamine Recombinant
 21                      Human Mixed Insulin Injection    Diabetes                                                               3ml:300 unit (refill)*1 vial        Vial
                         (30/70)
                                                          Among staphylococcus aureus, escherichia coli, pneumococcus,
                                                          proteus (indole positive and negative) bacteroides, peptococcus
                                                          and peptostreptococcus, the following infections caused by
                                                                                                                                 1g*10 bottles/box,
                                                          susceptible bacteria to this product: sepsis; bronchitis, bronchitis
                         Cefmetazole Sodium for                                                                                  0.25g*10 bottles/box,
 22                                                       dilated infection, pneumonia, secondary infection of chronic                                               Box
                         injection                                                                                               0.5g*10 bottles/box,
                                                          respiratory disease, pulmonary suppuration (lung abscess),
                                                                                                                                 2g*10 bottles/box
                                                          empyema; cholangitis, cholecystitis; peritonitis; pyelonephritis,
                                                          cystitis; bartholinitis, intrauterine infection, uterine adnexitis,
                                                          parametritis; cellulitis around the jaw, jaw inflammation.
                                                       1. Respiratory system infection: tonsillitis, peritonsillar abscess,
                                                       bronchitis, bronchiolitis, bronchiectasis (in the case of infection),
                                                       secondary infection of chronic respiratory disease, pneumonia,
                                                                                                                                0.25g*10 bottles/box,
                                                       pulmonary suppuration; 2. Urinary system infection: pyelonephritis,
 23                      Cefminox Sodium for injection                                                                          0.5g*10 bottles/box,                 Box
        The seventh                                    cystitis; 3. Abdominal infection: cholecystitis, cholangitis,
                                                                                                                                1g*10 bottles/box
          round                                        peritonitis; 4. Pelvic infection: pelvic peritonitis, uterine adnexitis,
                                                       intrauterine infection, pelvic dead space inflammation,
                                                       parametritis; 5. Sepsis.
                                                          This product is a local anesthetic and an antiarrhythmic drug.
                                                          Mainly used for infiltration anesthesia, epidural anesthesia, topical
                                                          anesthesia (including mucosal anesthesia during thoracoscopy or
                                                          abdominal surgery) and nerve conduction block. This product can 5ml:0.1g*5 vials/box,
                         Lidocaine Hydrochloride
 24                                                       be used for ventricular premature beats and ventricular tachycardia 10ml:0.2g*5 vials/box,                 Box
                         Injection
                                                          after acute myocardial infarction, and can also be used for           20ml:0.4g*5 vials/box
                                                          ventricular arrhythmia caused by digitalis poisoning, cardiac
                                                          surgery and cardiac catheterization. This product is usually
                                                          ineffective for supraventricular arrhythmias.
                                                          For the treatment of infections caused by roxithromycin-sensitive
 25                      Roxithromycin Tablets                                                                                   150mg*6 tablets/strip/box           Box
                                                          pathogens
                                                          1. Prevention of venous thromboembolic diseases (prevention of
                                                          venous thrombosis), especially for thrombosis related to
                                                          orthopedic or general surgery; 2. Treatment of established deep
                                                          vein thrombosis, with or without pulmonary embolism, without
                                                          severe clinical symptoms, excluding pulmonary embolism requiring
                                                          surgery or thrombolytic agent treatment; 3. Treatment of unstable 0.6ml:6000AxaIU
 26   The eighth round   Enoxaparin Sodium Injection                                                                                                                 Box
                                                          angina and non-Q wave myocardial infarction, in combination       (prefilled) *2 vials/box
                                                          with aspirin; 4. Prevention of thrombosis in extracorporeal
                                                          circulation of hemodialysis; 5. For the treatment of acute
                                                          ST-elevation myocardial infarction, in combination with
                                                          thrombolytics or concurrently in combination with percutaneous
                                                          coronary intervention (PCI).




                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023                47
Management Discussion and Analysis



                                                                                                                                                                    Charge
No.     Round selected            Name of drugs                                         Indications                                        Specifications            unit

                                                            For the treatment of the following systemic and/or local infections
                                                            caused by detected or suspected susceptible bacteria: 1. Lower
                                                                                                                                  2.25g(2.0g Piperacillin and
                                                            respiratory tract infection; 2. Urinary tract infection (mixed
                                                                                                                                  0.25g Tazobactam) *8 bottles/box,
                           Piperacillin Sodium and          infection or single bacterial infection); 3. Intra- abdominal
                                                                                                                                  4.5g(4.0g Piperacillin and
 27                        Tazobactam Sodium for            infection; 4. Skin and underlying tissue infection; 5. Bacterial                                        Box
                                                                                                                                  0.5g Tazobactam) *6 bottles/box,
                           injection                        sepsis; 6. Gynecological infection; 7. Treatment for bacterial
                                                                                                                                  4.5g(4.0g Piperacillin and
                                                            infection in patients with neutropenia in combination with
                                                                                                                                  0.5g Tazobactam) *5 bottles/box
                                                            aminoglycosides; 8. Bone and joint infection; 9. Mixed infection of
                                                            various bacteria.
                                                            For the treatment of influenze A and influenze B in adults and
                           Oseltamivir Phosphate for oral
 28                                                         children aged 2 weeks or above. Prevention of influenze A and         0.36g*1 bottle/box               Box
                           suspension
                                                            influenze B in patients aged 1 year or above.
                                                          Monotherapy: Cefuroxime/Sulbactam is indicated for the
                                                          treatment of the following infections caused by susceptible
                                                          bacteria:
                                                          1. Upper and lower respiratory tract infection; 2. Upper and lower
                                                          urinary tract infection; 3. Peritonitis, cholecystitis, cholangitis and 1g(1:1)*10 bottles/box,
                           Cefoperazone Sodium and
 29                                                       other intra-abdominal infections; 4. Septicemia; 5. Meningitis; 6. 2g(1:1)*10 bottles/box,               Box
                           Sulbactam Sodium for injection
                                                          Skin and soft tissue infection; 7. Bone and joint infection; 8. pelvic 3g(1:1)*10 bottles/box
        The eighth round
                                                          inflammatory disease, endometritis, gonorrhea and other
                                                          reproductive tract infections.
                                                          Combination medication: Cefuroxime/sulbactam should be used
                                                          in combination with other antibiotics.
                                                            1. Edema disease; 2. Hypertension; 3. Prevention of acute renal
                                                            failure; 4. Hyperkalemia and hypercalcemia; 5. Dilutional
 30                        Furosemide Injection                                                                              2ml:20mg*10 vials/box                 Box
                                                            hyponatremia; 6. Hypersecretion of antidiuretic hormone (SIADH);
                                                            7. Acute drug poisoning.
                                                            1. For the initial treatment and retreatment of various tuberculosis,
                                                            including tuberculous meningitis, in combination with other
                                                            anti-tuberculosis drugs. 2. for the treatment of leprosy and
                                                            non-tuberculous mycobacterium infection in combination with
                                                            other drugs. 3. for the treatment of severe infections caused by
 31                        Rifampicin Capsules              methicillin-resistant staphylococci in combination of vancomycin      0.15g*100 capsules/bottle        Bottle
                                                            (intravenous). Rifampin in combination with erythromycin can be
                                                            used for the treatment of severe Legionella infections. 4. for the
                                                            treatment of asymptomatic Neisseria meningitidis carriers to
                                                            eliminate Neisseria meningitidis in the nasopharynx; not suitable
                                                            for the treatment of Neisseria meningitidis infection.
                           Rabeprazole Sodium               Gastric ulcers, duodenal ulcers, anastomotic ulcers, reflux
 32     The ninth round                                                                                                           20mg*30 tablets/bottle           Bottle
                           Enteric-coated Tablets           esophagitis, Zollinger- Ellison syndrome




48    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



   2.   Medical Devices and Medical Diagnosis
        During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded revenue of RMB4,386 million from the medical devices and
        medical diagnosis segment, representing a year-on-year decrease of 36.74%, which was mainly due to the
        significant decrease in the revenue from COVID-19 antigen and nucleic acid test kits and the overseas sales
        revenue from non- proprietary COVID-19 products. Excluding COVID-related products, the revenue growth on
        the same basis was 4.25%. During the Reporting Period, the segment results of the medical devices and medical
        diagnosis segment amounted to RMB-126 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB647 million; and
        segment profits amounted to RMB-33 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB804 million due to (1)
        the impacts of COVID-19 antigen and nucleic acid test kits: ① the disposal of and impairment provisions for
        inventory products and related assets, and ② the impacts on profits as a result of the significant decrease in
        revenue; (2) the sales of non-COVID operations of medical diagnosis business were lower than expected; (3) the
        periodical impact on the business performance as a result of the establishment of new direct sales offices in the
        United Kingdom, Dubai and other regions, the transition from a distribution model to a direct sales model and
        the increase in costs related to the brand ambassador project of Sisram Medical.

        Medical Devices
        The Group’s medical devices business has formed three major business divisions focusing on medical cosmetology,
        respiratory health and high-value devices.

        In the field of medical cosmetology, focusing on the ecological diversification strategy, Sisram Medical, a
        subsidiary continuously has enriched its product pipeline and pushed ahead the construction of its marketing
        network worldwide. During the Reporting Period, Sisram Medical introduced Alma VeilTM, an advanced dual-
        wavelength vascular laser device, in the North American market; two classical products, namely Soprano Titanium
        and Opus, were introduced in new markets; two newly added supplementary parts of BeautiFill, a laser-aided fat
        removal and skin firming device, obtained regulatory licenses from the U.S. FDA. The registration applications for
        Daxxify (a long-acting botulinum toxin) and Profhilo (a high-concentration sodium hyaluronate product) (i.e.
        sodium hyaluronate solution for injection) were accepted by the NMPA. In June 2023, the acquisition of the direct
        sales channels in China was completed, thus achieving a direct sales layout in Chinese market for the medical
        aesthetics business. In addition, in January 2024, Sisram Medical established a strategic partnership with
        Prollenium, and obtained the exclusive distribution rights of the Revanesse dermal filler collection, which applies
        advanced hyaluronic acid technology, in several major markets including Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Australia
        and New Zealand. During the Reporting Period, the revenue of Sisram Medical amounted to US$359 million and
        net profit amounted to US$33 million (based on the financial statements of Sisram Medical in its reporting
        currency), recording a year-on-year change of 1.41% and -17.50%, respectively. In particular, the revenue from
        the direct sales channel generated a year-on-year growth, which was mainly due to the revenue contribution
        from North America and the Chinese market. The decrease in net profit was mainly due to the periodical increase
        in sales expenses and administrative expenses as a result of the transition period from a distribution model to a
        direct sales model in regional markets such as the United Kingdom, Dubai and Japan. In addition, in order to
        enhance brand awareness, new brand ambassadors were hired, and investment in marketing and marketing
        activities was increased, resulting in an increase in overall OPEX (i.e. Operating Expense) higher than revenue
        growth.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023     49
Management Discussion and Analysis



         In the field of respiratory health, Breas accelerated the launch of new products and continued to optimize the
         supply chain. During the Reporting Period, sales performance achieved good growth. The market demand of non-
         invasive ventilators for medical and home use (including Clearway 2 and others) in Europe and America recorded
         recovery growth. Breas continued to increase its efforts to expand its business in China while exploring the
         European and the U.S. markets in depth. Relevant ventilators have been approved for launch in China, and digital
         projects and the localization of relevant products have also been accelerating.

         In the field of high-value devices, the Group accelerated integration, and focused on enhancing the closed loop
         of R&D, production, products, marketing and other systematic capabilities through license-in, incubation and the
         “Intelligently Manufactured in China” policy. During the Reporting Period, the installation volume of “Da Vinci
         Surgical Robot” of Intuitive Fosun, an associate, was 55 in Chinese mainland and Hong Kong. In June 2023, the
         domestic medical device registration of localized “thoracic and abdominal endoscopy surgical control system”
         (fourth generation of Da Vinci Surgical System, which can be applied in endoscopic surgeries in urology, general
         surgery, obstetrics and gynecology, thoracic surgery etc.) was approved by NMPA, and the system was firstly
         installed in the hospital in December. Chindex, a subsidiary, officially entered into cooperation agreements with
         Insightec in relation to the establishment of joint venture in China to jointly promote the commercial expansion,
         clinical application and research of MRgFUS brain therapy system in Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and Macau.
         Futuo Zhida, a subsidiary, focused on the field of artificial intelligence surgical navigation and accelerated the
         innovative R&D of technological products. Relevant products have entered the clinical trial and registration
         approval stages respectively as planned. As of the date of this report, the Ion Bronchial navigation operation
         control system (“Ion System”) of Intuitive Fosun has been approved by NMPA. The Ion System has adopted a
         flexible robot with shape sensing technology, which can accurately diagnose and treat peripheral lung lesions
         through the bronchus. The launch of the Ion System in China will help more lung cancer patients obtain early
         diagnosis and treatment through more minimally invasive methods.

         In addition, the medical devices segment also made positive progresses in constructing a global marketing
         network. Sisram Medical, through strategies and methods of strengthening its digital channels and combining
         direct sales and distribution, continuously expanded the global market. As at the end of the Reporting Period, its
         marketing network covered more than 100 countries and regions across the world. The proportion of direct sales
         revenue further increased to 78%. At the same time, the marketing network of Breas also covered markets such
         as Europe, the U.S., China, Japan, India and Australia.




50   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



       Medical Diagnosis
       During the Reporting Period, the revenue from COVID-19 antigen and nucleic acid test kits significantly
       decreased, and the short-term revenue and profit of medical diagnosis segment were substantially affected as a
       result. As the COVID-19 no longer constituted a “Public Health Emergency of International Concern”, the
       business focus of medical diagnosis segment was adjusted towards non-COVID-19 products. During the
       Reporting Period, reagents products such as hepatitis B quantitative virus nucleic acid test kit (PCR-Fluorescence
       probe method), myocardial calciumin T test kit (Chemical luminescence), brain sodium peptide test kit (Chemical
       luminescence) and new devices such as F-A7000 Series assembly line system and chemistry immunoassay
       integrated analyzer were launched successively. As at the end of the Reporting Period, among the
       chemiluminescence products, dozens of reagent products for tumor marker, hormone, thyroid function,
       myocardium, liver fibrosis and infection had entered the stage of mass production and commercialization; R&D of
       diagnostic reagents with high clinical value in the product pipeline such as high-speed biochemical testing
       instruments, high-speed chemiluminescence analyzer, high-speed biopharmaceutical all-in-one machine, high-
       speed assembly line, fully automated molecular workstations, fully automated immunohistochemistry instrument,
       Glycotest HCC Panel (early liver cancer diagnosis and screening solution), complete portfolio of cytokines,
       complete portfolio of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular thrombosis, several joint inspection panels on Molecular
       POCT respiratory testing and infectious pathogen detection panels on the immunofluorescence chromatography
       platform were proactively in progress.

       At the same time, the medical diagnosis segment continued to promote the integration and operation
       integration. As at the end of the Reporting Period, in addition to the molecular diagnosis production line, the
       medical diagnosis segment has completed the construction of the bases, integration of functions and adjustment
       of organizational teams in Shanghai, Taizhou and Changsha, thus forming the classification of functions and
       positioning between R&D and manufacturing center, differentiated instrument R&D platform, inspection service
       business platform and reagent manufacturing base, which will support subsequent expansion of production
       capacity and improvement in operational efficiency and quality.

   3.	Healthcare services
       During the Reporting Period, the revenue from the healthcare services segment amounted to RMB6,667 million,
       representing a year-on-year increase of 9.73%. Segment results amounted to RMB-201 million, representing a
       year-on-year decrease in loss of RMB421 million. Segment profits amounted to RMB-440 million, representing a
       year-on-year decrease in loss of RMB352 million. The main reasons for the year-on-year decrease in loss included
       the further focus and optimized expenses of online business, as well as the significant cost reduction through the
       centralized procurement of drugs and devices.

       As at the end of the Reporting Period, the medical institutions controlled by the Group had a total of 6,548
       authorized beds (excluding the authorized beds of the medical institutions controlled by Jianjia Healthcare), and
       the Group held 8 internet hospital licenses.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023    51
Management Discussion and Analysis



         Regarding medical centers and regional medical institution alliance, through the continuous construction of high-
         level medical disciplines, the facilitation of the integrated operation, the promotion of the integration of online
         and offline medical institutions, the provision of multi-level and differentiated services and the expansion of
         primary medical services, the Group cultivated key regions such as the Greater Bay Area and the Yangtze River
         Delta to form a regional healthcare services network. During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to
         improve disciplines and set up key specialty committees. The Group continued to enhance its medical strength
         through the “Doctor Group” model by introducing expert partners in key specialties to medical institutions
         controlled by the Group. Some of the medical institutions controlled by the Group have set up new key specialties
         at a municipal level in their regions. During the Reporting Period, Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital became the
         first medical institution in Foshan designated by the measure of using HK registered drugs and medical devices
         used in HK public hospitals in Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. Its applications for 5 international
         innovative drugs and devices were approved, covering atrial fibrillation, hypertension, lymphoma, hyperlipidemia,
         and migraine indications, ranking among the top of the second batch of designated medical institutions in the
         measure of using HK registered drugs and medical devices used in HK public hospitals in Guangdong-Hong Kong-
         Macao Greater Bay Area in terms of the number of approved drugs and devices. Guangzhou Xinshi Hospital
         entered into a strategic cooperation with Guangdong Pharmaceutical University; Shanghai Xingchen Children’s
         Hospital formally commenced its business in the gynecology and pediatrics sector; Xuzhou Xingchen Women’s
         and Children’s Hospital added a number of specialty departments to expand its service offerings based on user
         needs; Shinrong Plastic Surgery Hospital became the first private medical institution in the country to complete
         dual-base registration for drug and medical device clinical trials (GCP).

         In addition, during the Reporting Period, the Group enhanced its service capabilities in the rehabilitation
         disciplines. By increasing its shareholding in Sinopharm Medical Investment (now renamed as Jianjia Healthcare)
         by 6%, the Group increased its shareholding in Jianjia Healthcare to 51%, and realized controlling shareholding.
         During the Reporting Period, Sinopharm Medical Investment was renamed as Jianjia Healthcare. At the same
         time, the Group promoted the construction of the new brand and the launch of a new marketing service platform
         to enhance its attention and influence in the rehabilitation industry, expanded the application of new digital
         services, and rolled out the “multiple locations in one city” layout model to explore the regional rehabilitation
         hospital management platform model. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the rehabilitation segment of Jianjia
         Healthcare operated 7 rehabilitation medical institutions with 6 rehabilitation medical institutions under
         construction.

         Regarding smart healthcare, taking “making a healthier family and a better life” as the mission, the healthcare
         service platform of the Group provided users with closed-loop solutions throughout the treatment course and
         one-stop health management services that combines healthcare, medicines, health and insurance during the
         Reporting Period. Multiple medical institutions, including Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital and its medical
         institution alliance, continued to improve “Cloud HIS” (a new generation of smart medical cloud platform) and
         the internet hospital SaaS during the Reporting Period, which promoted the online-offline integrated service
         model of regional medical associations in the Greater Bay Area at a faster pace and continued to expand hospital
         department and patient coverage. The Group continued to improve its smart healthcare solutions based on the
         operational needs of hospitals operation and the clinical demand of patients. It provided a variety of service
         models, such as management services throughout the treatment course focusing on patients with specialized
         medical needs, private doctor services focusing on facilitating the healthcare needs of patients, specialized point-
         of-care services aiming at expanding the coverage of specialties, as well as healthcare collaboration services
         focusing on empowering primary healthcare organizations. The Group also continued to improve and gradually
         explored its output capabilities to establish a closed-loop business.




52   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



       Regarding insurance empowerment, the Group continued to promote the two-way empowerment of healthcare
       and insurance. During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to establish the commercial insurance operation
       system for its member medical institutions. Leveraging the specialty departments and cutting-edge medical
       technologies of medical centers and regional medical associations, the Group created customized innovative
       insurance payment solutions, allowing more patients with specialized needs to enjoy specialized, differentiated
       medical services. In addition, the Group continued to increase the supply of diagnostic and treatment
       technologies, deepened the development of specialty diseases, and integrated commercial insurance and medical
       services.

   4.	Pharmaceutical Distribution and Retail
       In 2023, Sinopharm recorded operating income of RMB596.570 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
       8.05%. The increase in the market share was accelerated and the scale advantage continued to emerge. In 2023,
       Sinopharm’s net profit was RMB15.010 billion and net profit attributable to the parent company was RMB9.054
       billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.63% and 6.19%, respectively.

       During the Reporting Period, the pharmaceutical distribution business of Sinopharm recovered rapidly after the
       impact of the COVID-19 pandemic was eliminated, and the revenue from the pharmaceutical distribution business
       amounted to RMB441.051 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.47%. Sinopharm actively sought new
       market segments and growth potential, accelerated the expansion of the vast primary-level market outside
       hospitals, continuously enhanced the network coverage, and steadily increased the proportion of direct sales
       business to primary medical institutions and retail pharmacies. Meanwhile, Sinopharm focused on supporting the
       development of innovative services. Sinopharm continuously strengthened the compliance supervision of
       marketing services and constantly improved the supply chain comprehensive service capability of innovative drugs
       and original research products by building a large-scale, compliant and professional marketing integration service
       system.

       During the Reporting Period, Sinopharm’s medical device distribution segment actively adapted to the changes in
       the speed-up and expansion of centralized volume-based procurement, and eliminated the impact of the base
       data of anti-pandemic supplies generated during the same period of last year. Meanwhile, Sinopharm continued
       to promote high-quality business development by optimizing product structure and deepening the network
       coverage of the medical device distribution business. In 2023, the revenue from the medical device distribution
       business of Sinopharm amounted to RMB130.213 billion, representing a year-on-year growth of 7.75%.

       With regard to pharmaceutical distribution, Sinopharm continuously strengthened the network layout and
       regional coverage of the retail business, focusing on improving the coverage of business blank areas and medical
       institutions, and forming a scale advantage by integrating retail core resources, so as to promote the healthy and
       sustainable development of retail diagnosis and treatment business with professional management, and finally
       improve the service capabilities directly facing C side. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total number of
       retail pharmacy stores of Sinopharm was 12,109, representing a net increase of 1,356 in total compared with the
       end of 2022. In 2023, the revenue from the retail pharmacy segment amounted to RMB35.689 billion,
       representing a year-on-year increase of 8.22%.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023     53
Management Discussion and Analysis



     5.	Financing
          During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to optimize its debt structure, reasonably controlled the debt
          scale and comprehensive financing cost, and through diversified financing channels, effectively seized the
          opportunities in the industry so as to ensure the long-term sustainable development.

          The Group continued to actively enhance its good cooperation with domestic and foreign financial institutions.
          During the Reporting Period, the Group completed the registration of the quota to issue corporate bonds of
          RMB8,000 million, issued syndicated loans of EUR230 million, and reached an agreement with International
          Finance Corporation (IFC) on a loan totaling EUR50 million.

III. CORE COMPETENCE ANALYSIS

     During the Reporting Period, the core competitiveness of the Group was reflected in its open-style R&D ecology,
     forward-looking international layout, systematic commercialization team and other aspects:

     1.   Advantages in R&D and innovation. The Group connected with teams with outstanding scientific talents, leading
          technologies and high-value products worldwide through diversified and multi-level cooperation models such as
          independent R&D, co-development, license-in projects and deep incubation. In addition, the Group continued to
          enrich its innovative product pipelines, enhanced the research and clinical development capabilities of FIC and BIC
          products, and promoted the research and practice of innovative technologies and products through the
          integrated management of the innovative R&D projects by the global R&D center. As at the end of the Reporting
          Period, the Group had more than 3,400 R&D personnel, of which over 1,800 persons obtained a master’s degree
          or above. During the Reporting Period, the R&D expenditure of the Group amounted to RMB5,937 million.

     2.   Advantages in internationalization. The Group implemented its internationalization strategy in multiple
          dimensions including innovative R&D, two-way license, production and operation as well as commercialization.
          The global BD team kept enhancing the two-way license of products and IP, and deploys in frontier areas through
          R&D cooperation and license-in projects, while drug clinical and registration teams in the U.S., Africa, Europe and
          India continued to strengthen overseas drug registration and application capabilities. The Group also accelerated
          the international quality system certification of domestic production lines, and further deepened its international
          marketing capabilities so as to further expand the international market.

     3.   Advantages in commercialization. The Group continuously enhanced the construction and integration of
          marketing system, and had formed a marketing system by product lines featured by professionalism, branding,
          digitalization and compliance that supported existing products and products to be launched. As at the end of the
          Reporting Period, the Group had built up a comprehensive supporting system covering aspects such as strategic
          markets, medical affairs, great access system, medical strategic alliance, brand and market promotion, etc.




54    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



IV. MAJOR OPERATIONS IN THE REPORTING PERIOD

   (I)	Analysis on Principal Operations
       1.   Analysis of Changes in Relevant Items of Income Statement and Statement of Cash Flows

                                                                                                                   Unit: million       Currency: RMB

                                                                               Amount for          Amount for           Year-on-year
            Items                                                                the year            last year               change Reasons
                                                                                                                                 (%)


            Revenue                                                                   41,249               43,811                 –5.85       Note 1
            Cost of sales                                                             21,595               23,170                 –6.80       Note 1
            Selling and distribution expenses                                          9,712                9,171                  5.90       Note 2
            Administrative expenses                                                    4,495                3,916                 14.79       Note 3
            Credit impairment losses                                                     132                   65                103.08       Note 4
            Other gains                                                                1,392                2,757                –49.51       Note 5
            Other expenses                                                               832                2,965                –71.94       Note 5
            Finance costs                                                              1,325                  964                 37.45       Note 6
            Net cash flow generated from financing activities                         –1,336                4,428               –130.17       Note 7


            Note 1: For the reasons for the year-on-year change in revenue and cost of sales, please refer to “Segment Performance Overview” in “Management
                    Discussion and Analysis”.


            Note 2: During the Reporting Period, selling expense ratio was 23.54%, representing an increase of 2.61 percentage points as compared
                    to the same period of last year. The year-on-year change in selling expense ratio was mainly due to: (1) there were still expenses
                    arising from the team, medical and market activities during the Reporting Period in spite of the significant decrease in revenue
                    generated from COVID-related products; (2) the increase in overseas market selling expenses, such as the investment in the
                    preparation for the launch of serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor) in the U.S. market, the increase in costs in relation to the
                    transition from a distribution model to a direct sales model and the brand ambassador project of Sisram Medical, as well as the
                    investments for team building and other aspects for Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection), Bei Wen (keverprazan hydrochloride
                    tablets) and other new products.


            Note 3: Mainly due to the increase in human resources cost, consultation fees and other expenses. Excluding the impacts of newly
                    acquired companies, administrative expenses increased by RMB296 million on the same basis, representing an increase of 7.56%.

            Note 4: Mainly due to the impairment provision made for receivables with impairment indications.

            Note 5: Mainly due to the gains from disposal of non-core assets such as Tianjin Pharma and the fair value change of financial assets
                    such as YSB.

            Note 6: Mainly due to US$ interest hikes, US$ appreciation and other factors, as well as the changes in interest-bearing liabilities scale.

            Note 7: Mainly due to the proceeds from the Company’s non-public issuance of A Shares received in the previous year.




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023            55
Management Discussion and Analysis



         2.    Analysis of Revenue and Cost of Sales
               (1) Principal Operations by Segments, Products, Geographical Locations

                                                                                                                       Unit: million       Currency: RMB

                                                                                         Principal Operations by Segments
                                                                                     Gross Year-on-year Year-on-year
                                                                          Cost of    profit     change in      change in                         Year-on-year
                     By segments                                Revenue     sales   margin        revenue cost of sales                change in gross margin
                                                                                       (%)            (%)            (%)


                     Pharmaceutical manufacturing                30,080   14,090      53.16          –2.00           1.81 decrease of 1.75 percentage points
                     Medical devices and medical                  4,386    2,201      49.82         –36.74         –48.68 increase of 11.68 percentage points
                        diagnosis(Note 1)
                     Healthcare services                          6,667    5,231      21.54           9.73           5.78     increase of 2.93 percentage points


                                                                                          Principal Operations by Products
                                                                                     Gross Year-on-year Year-on-year
                                                                          Cost of    profit     change in      change in                         Year-on-year
                     By products                                Revenue     sales   margin        revenue cost of sales                change in gross margin
                                                                                       (%)            (%)            (%)

                     Major products of anti-tumor and             7,638    1,566      79.50          37.99          45.54     decrease of 1.06 percentage points
                       immune modulation(Note 2)
                     Major products of anti-infection(Note 3)     4,340    2,173      49.93         –49.43         –45.77     decrease of 3.38 percentage points
                     Major products of metabolism and             2,824      639      77.37          –2.05           4.07     decrease of 1.33 percentage points
                       alimentary system
                     Major products of cardiovascular             1,677    1,042      37.87         –20.71         –23.61     increase of 2.36 percentage points
                       system
                     Major products of central nervous            1,184      107      90.96          18.05           5.94     increase of 1.03 percentage points
                       system
                     Major products of APIs and                   1,271      910      28.40           1.84          –1.19     increase of 2.20 percentage points
                       intermediate products


                                                                             Principal Operations by Geographical Locations
                                                                                      Gross Year-on-year Year-on-year
                                                                          Cost of     profit     change in     change in                          Year-on-year
                     By geographical locations                  Revenue     sales   margin        revenue    cost of sales             change in gross margin
                                                                                        (%)            (%)            (%)



                     Chinese mainland                            30,878   15,487      49.84           3.36           6.92     decrease of 1.67 percentage points
                     Regions outside Chinese mainland            10,371    6,108      41.11         –25.59         –29.68     increase of 3.43 percentage points
                        and other countries(Note 4)


                     Note 1: The decrease in revenue and operating cost of the medical devices and medical diagnosis segment as compared with the
                             same period of last year was mainly due to the decrease in the revenue from COVID-19 antigen and nucleic acid test kits,
                             and the decreased overseas sales of non-proprietary anti-epidemic product during the Reporting Period. Excluding anti-
                             epidemic products, the revenue of the medical devices and medical diagnosis segment increased by 4.25% year-on-year.
                             The increase in gross profit margin of the medical devices and medical diagnosis segment as compared with the same
                             period of last year was mainly due to the lower gross profit margin of overseas sales of non-proprietary anti-epidemic
                             products in the same period of last year.




56   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



               Note 2: The increase in revenue and cost of sales of the major products of anti-tumor and immune modulation as compared with
                       the same period of last year was mainly due to the launch of new products in such therapeutic areas.

               Note 3: The decrease in revenue and operating cost of the major products of anti-infection as compared with the same period of
                       last year was mainly due to the significant decline in the demand of Comirnaty (mRNA COVID-19 vaccine).

               Note 4: The decrease in revenue and cost of sales in other regions outside Chinese mainland and other countries was mainly due
                       to the significant decrease in demand for Comirnaty (mRNA COVID-19 vaccine) and other COVID-related products.


         (2)   Analysis of Production and sales volume

                                                                                                           Year-on- year
                                                                                                              change in    Year-on- year    Year-on- year
                                                                        Production     Sales                 production        change in       change in
               Major products                          Unit                volume    volume    Inventory         volume     sales volume       inventory
                                                                                                                     (%)              (%)             (%)


               Han Si Zhuang
                  (serplulimab injection)
                  (converted as 100mg/bottle)          ’0,000 bottles          43        24           6              11              225             –60
               Han Qu You
                  (trastuzumab injection)
                  (converted as 150mg/bottle)          ’0,000 vials           193       203          15              34               58             –49
               Han Li Kang
                  (rituximab injection)
                  (converted as 100mg/vial)            ’0,000 vials           123       150          19             –28                0             –59
               Su Ke Xin
                  (avatrombopag maleate tablets)
                  (converted as 20mg*10 tablets/box)   ’0,000 boxes           N/A        24          25             N/A               18             217


               Note: During the Reporting Period, the top five products are: Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection), Han Qu You (trastuzumab
                     injection), Han Li Kang (rituximab injection), heparin series preparations and Su Ke Xin (avatrombopag maleate tablets). In
                     particular, heparin series preparations involve products in multiple dosage forms, and it is impossible to convert products of
                     different dosage forms into corresponding production and sales volume according to the same standard.




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023            57
Management Discussion and Analysis



               (3)   Analysis of Cost

                                                                                                                   Unit: million Currency: RMB

                                                                                               By Segments
                                                                                                                   Percentage
                                                                                                         Amount    of the total   Ratio of change
                                                                                                          for the  cost for the  for the period as
                                                                                    Percentage of corresponding corresponding      compared with
                                                                        Amount for the total cost      period of     period of the corresponding
                     By Segments                    Cost                 the period for the period      last year     last year period of last year
                                                                                               (%)                          (%)                 (%)


                     Pharmaceutical manufacturing Cost of products           14,090           65.25           13,840          59.73                  1.81
                     Medical devices and medical Cost of products
                        diagnosis(Note 1)           and goods                 2,201           10.19            4,289          18.51                –48.68
                     Healthcare services          Cost of services            5,231           24.22            4,945          21.34                  5.78


                                                                                                                   Unit: million Currency: RMB

                                                                                               By Products
                                                                                                                       Percentage of   Ratio of change
                                                                                                              Amount        the total for the period as
                                                                                    Percentage of              for the   cost for the   compared with
                                                                                     the total cost    corresponding corresponding the corresponding
                                                                        Amount for               for        period of      period of          period of
                     By Products                    Cost                 the period     the period           last year      last year          last year
                                                                                                (%)                               (%)                (%)


                     Major products of
                       anti-tumor and immune
                       modulation(Note 2)            Cost of products         1,566           11.11            1,076            7.77               45.54
                     Major products of
                       anti-infection(Note 3)        Cost of products         2,173           15.42            4,007          28.95                –45.77
                     Major products of metabolism
                       and Alimentary system         Cost of products           639            4.54              614            4.44                 4.07
                     Major products of
                       cardiovascular system(Note 4) Cost of products         1,042            7.40            1,364            9.86               –23.61
                     Major products of central
                       nervous system                Cost of products           107            0.76              101            0.73                 5.94
                     Major products of APIs and
                       intermediate products         Cost of products           910            6.46              921            6.65                –1.19


                     Note 1: Mainly due to the decrease in revenue of medical devices and medical diagnosis segment during the Reporting Period.

                     Note 2: Mainly due to the revenue growth of Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection), Han Qu You (trastuzumab injection) and
                             trastuzumab drug substance, and Su Ke Xin (avatrombopag maleate tablets), and the revenue contribution from new
                             products, namely Otezla (apremilast tablets), Han Bei Tai (bevacizumab injection) and Akynzeo (netupitant and
                             palonosetron hydrochloride capsules) during the Reporting Period.

                     Note 3: Mainly due to the decrease in sales of Comirnaty (mRNA COVID-19 vaccine), Jie Bei An (azvudine tablets), Xi Chang/Bi Li
                             Shu (cefmetazole sodium for injection) and Sai Fu Nuo (cefminox sodium for injection) during the Reporting Period.

                     Note 4: Mainly due to the decrease in sales of heparin series preparations in overseas markets during the Reporting Period.




58   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



           (4)   Major Customers and Suppliers
                 Sales to the top 5 customers of the Group amounted to RMB10,874 million, representing 26.27% of
                 the total sales for the year.

                 Purchases from the top 5 suppliers of the Group amounted to RMB1,988 million, representing
                 11.69% of the total purchases for the year.

      3.   Expenses
           During the Reporting Period, selling and distribution expense of the Group amounted to RMB9,712 million;
           and the selling and distribution expense ratio was 23.54%, representing an increase of 2.61 percentage
           points as compared to the same period of last year. The year-on-year change in the selling and distribution
           expense ratio was mainly due to (1) there were still expenses arising from the team, medical and market
           activities for COVID-related operations during the Reporting Period in spite of the significant decline in
           revenue from COVID-related products; (2) the increase in selling expenses in overseas markets, such as the
           investment in preparation before the launch of serplulimab injection (PD-1 inhibitor) in the U.S. market, the
           increase in costs in relation to the transition from a distribution model to a direct sales model and the brand
           ambassador project of Sisram Medical, as well as the investments for team building and other aspects for
           Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection), Bei Wen (keverprazan hydrochloride tablets) and other new products.

           During the Reporting Period, the administrative expense of the Group amounted to RMB4,495 million,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 14.79% mainly due to the increase in human resources cost,
           consultation fees and other expenses; excluding the impacts of newly acquired companies, administrative
           expenses increased by RMB296 million on the same basis, representing an increase of 7.56%.

           During the Reporting Period, the finance costs of the Group amounted to RMB1,325 million, representing a
           year-on-year increase of 37.45%. The year-on-year increase in finance cost was mainly due to US$ interest
           hikes, US$ appreciation and other factors, as well as the changes in interest-bearing liabilities scale.

      4.   R&D Expenditures
           Accounting treatment of R&D expenditures
           The Group divides expenses for internal R&D projects into expenses in the research phase and expenses in
           the development phase. Expenses in the research phase are recognized in profit or loss for the period as
           incurred. Expenses in the development phase may only be capitalized if the following conditions are
           satisfied simultaneously: the completion of such intangible assets for use or sale is technically feasible; the
           Company has the intention to use or sell the intangible assets upon completion; the way in which the
           intangible assets bring economic benefits shows that there exists a consumption market for the products
           with use of these intangible assets or the intangible assets themselves, or that they are useful in case of
           internal utilization; the Company has sufficient technological, financial and other resources to complete the
           development of the intangible assets and the ability to make them available for use or sale; and the
           expenses attributable to such intangible assets can be measured reliably at the development stage.
           Development expenses not satisfying all of the above conditions are recognized in profit or loss of the
           period as incurred. Combining the characteristics of the R&D process of the pharmaceutical industry and of
           the Group itself, the Group’s expenses for its R&D projects may only be accounted for as capitalized R&D
           expenses if they are incurred after relevant approvals or certificates (Approval for Clinical Trial and
           Pharmaceutical Product Registration Approval Document based on Measures on the Registration
           Administration of Medicines ( 藥 品 註冊管理辦法) issued by NMPA or approval from international drug
           regulatory authority on the regulatory market) are obtained, and if the present value of the Company’s
           future cash flow or realizable value resulting from the evaluated project results are higher than the book
           value. The remainder of the R&D expenses would be expensed.



                                                                                              Annual Report 2023     59
Management Discussion and Analysis



                                                            R&D Expenditures

                                                                                             Unit: million   Currency: RMB




               R&D expenditures expensed for the year                                                                4,346
               R&D expenditures capitalized for the year                                                             1,591
               Total R&D expenditures                                                                                5,937
               Total R&D expenditures as a percentage of revenue (%)                                                 14.34
               R&D expenditures in the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment as a percentage of
                 the revenue from the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment (%)                                       17.11
               Percentage of R&D expenditures capitalized (%)                                                        26.80
               The number of R&D staff in the Group                                                                  3,491
               The number of R&D staff as a percentage of the total number of staff in the Group (%)                  8.65


               Descriptions
               During the Reporting Period, the R&D expenditures in the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment
               amounted to RMB5,172 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.47%, accounting for 17.11% of
               the revenue from the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment. In particular, R&D expenses amounted to
               RMB3,638 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB86 million or 2.42%, accounting for
               12.04% of the revenue from the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment.

         5.    Cash Flows



                                                                                             Unit: million Currency: RMB

                                                   Amount for the
                                        Amount      corresponding
                                         for the         period of    Ratio of
               Items                     period           last year    change    Reasons
                                                                           (%)


               Net cash flow              3,414              4,218     –19.05    Mainly due to the effects of decrease in
                 generated from                                                   revenue and recurring income during the
                 operating activities                                             Reporting Period.

               Net cash flow             –1,336              4,428    –130.17    Mainly due to the proceeds from the
                 generated from                                                   Company’s non-public issuance of A Shares
                 financing activities                                             received in the previous year.




60   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



   (II)	Assets and liabilities analysis
        As at 31 December 2023, the gearing ratio, calculated as total interest-bearing bank and other borrowings over
        total assets, was 28.72%, as compared with 27.18% as at 31 December 2022.

                                                                Assets and liabilities

                                                                                                              Unit: million    Currency: RMB

                                                                                                            Ratio of change for
                                                                                                              the amount as at
                                                                 Percentage of              Percentage of        the end of the
                                                                the amount as Amount as the amount as period as compared
                                                 Amount as at     at the end of at the end at the end of      with the amount
                                                   the end of     the period to     of last last period to     as at the end of
        Items                                      the period   the total asset     period the total assets          last period      Reasons
                                                                            (%)                         (%)                  (%)


        Financial assets at fair value through          1,888             1.66         929             0.87               103.23      Note 1
           profit or loss — current

        Contract assets                                  146              0.13          —                —                100.00      Note 2

        Assets held for sale                               —                —          420             0.39              –100.00      Note 3

        Financial assets at fair value through          1,040             0.92       2,389             2.23               –56.47      Note 1
           profit or loss — non-current

        Investments in joint ventures                     79              0.07         231             0.22               –65.80      Note 4

        Equity investments designated                     53              0.05          15             0.01               253.33      Note 5
          at fair value through other
          comprehensive income

        Property, plant and equipment                  20,846            18.38      15,719            14.68                   32.62   Note 6

        Right-of-use asset                              4,248             3.75       2,837             2.65                   49.74   Note 7

        Deferred tax assets                              624              0.55         443             0.41                   40.86   Note 8

        Tax payable                                      251              0.22         619             0.58               –59.45      Note 9

        Lease liabilities — current                      330              0.29         184             0.17                   79.35   Note 10

        Lease liabilities — non-current                 2,050             1.81         745             0.70               175.17      Note 10




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023         61
Management Discussion and Analysis



          Note 1: Mainly due to changes in the share prices of financial assets held during the Reporting Period and the transfer of financial assets,
                  including YSB, from “financial assets at fair value through profit or loss — non-current” as a result of the listing and partial disposal of
                  such financial assets

          Note 2: Mainly due to the increase in contract receivables during the Reporting Period

          Note 3: Mainly due to the completion of disposal of equity interest in Tianjin Pharma during the Reporting Period

          Note 4: Mainly due to the share of gains and losses of joint ventures during the Reporting Period

          Note 5: Mainly due to the changes in fair value of financial assets during the Reporting Period

          Note 6: Mainly due to the effects of newly acquired subsidiaries and the construction in progress transferred to fixed assets

          Note 7: Mainly due to the effect of newly acquired subsidiaries

          Note 8: Mainly due to the addition of deferred income tax assets of subsidiaries during the Reporting Period

          Note 9: Mainly due to the increase in tax paid of subsidiaries during the Reporting Period

          Note 10: Mainly due to the effect of newly acquired subsidiaries


     (III)	Analysis on Subsidiaries and Investees
          1.     Operation and Results of Major Subsidiaries of the Group
                 (1) Operation and Results of Major Subsidiaries

                                                                                                                       Unit: million      Currency: RMB

                                                                                     Registered         Total      Net                 Operating         Net
                         Name of subsidiary         Major business                      capital        assets    assets    Revenue        profit       profit


                         Yao Pharma                 Pharmaceutical R&D and                   197        7,620    6,070        5,498           881        813
                                                      manufacturing


                         Wanbang Pharma             Pharmaceutical R&D and                   480        7,691    4,669        8,117           907        821
                                                      manufacturing


                         Shanghai Henlius(Note 1)   Pharmaceutical R&D and                   543        9,904    2,192        5,395           567        546
                                                      manufacturing


                         Gland Pharma(Note 2)       Pharmaceutical R&D and                    N/A      10,675    8,526        4,207           571        395
                                                      manufacturing


                         Guilin Pharma              Pharmaceutical R&D and                   285        2,147    1,400        1,114           349        307
                                                      manufacturing


                         Note:     The above data included appreciation of asset evaluation and amortization of appreciation of asset evaluation.

                         Note 1: The data of Shanghai Henlius is prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards.

                         Note 2: The data for Gland Pharma is prepared in accordance with Indian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.




62    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



           (2)    Status of Other Major Subsidiaries

                                                                                                                   Unit: million Currency: RMB

                                                                                                      Registered       Total     Net                Net
                  Name of subsidiary                        Major business                               capital      assets   assets Revenue     profit


                  Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital(Note 1)   Healthcare services                              50       3,857    2,012     2,348      102


                  Sisram Medical(Note 2)                    Medial devices R&D and manufacturing            N/A       4,345    3,326     2,533      232


                  Note 1: The data for Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital included appreciation of asset evaluation and amortization of
                          appreciation of asset evaluation.

                  Note 2: The data for Sisram Medical is prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards.


      2.   Operation and Results of Investee Companies whose Profit Contribution and Investment Income
           More Than 10% of the Group’s Net Profit

                                                                                                                   Unit: million       Currency: RMB

                                                                                  Registered        Total      Net                 Operating       Net
           Name of company                     Principal activities                  capital       assets    assets     Revenue       profit     profit


           Sinopharm Industrial                Pharmaceutical investment                100 383,337 120,617              596,570       19,439    14,994


      3.   Acquisition and Disposal of Subsidiaries during the Reporting Period (including the Purposes,
           Methods and Effects of the Acquisitions and Disposals and the Effects on the Group’s Overall
           Operation and Results)
           (1) Acquisition of Subsidiaries during the Reporting Period
               The acquisitions of the subsidiaries during the Reporting Period have had the following effect on the
               Group’s production and results:

                                                                                                                   Unit: million       Currency: RMB

                  Name                                          Acquired through                                   Date of acquisition/merger


                  CenexiNote 1                                  Equity acquisition                                 27 April 2023
                  Alma HKNote 2                                 Asset acquisition                                  28 June 2023
                  Xingyitang Pharmacy                           Equity acquisition                                 14 September 2023
                  Jianjia MedicalNote 3                         Equity acquisition                                 9 October 2023
                  Shanghai Yaokang                              Equity acquisition                                 12 October 2023




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023        63
Management Discussion and Analysis



                      Note:    The above data included appreciation of asset evaluation and amortization of appreciation of asset evaluation.

                               The net profit of the above subsidiaries from the date of acquisition up to the end of the year amounted to RMB-146
                               million in aggregate (including appreciation and amortization of valuation).

                      Note 1: Acquired by Gland Pharma International Pte. Ltd., a subsidiary of Gland Pharma during the Reporting Period.

                      Note 2: Alma Laser and Alma HK (both subsidiaries) entered into an asset purchase agreement with the seller (i.e. PhotonMed HK
                              and its ultimate beneficial owner, etc.), pursuant to which Alma HK would purchase all the assets of PhotonMed HK
                              relating to the distribution business of Alma Lasers products in China by way of cash and issuance of shares, mainly
                              including distribution channels in Chinese mainland.

                      Note 3: The Company entered into an equity transfer agreement with Shanghai Zhizhuo Business Management and Consultation
                              Partnership (Limited Partnership) and Feng Jie, pursuant to which Shanghai Zhizhuo Business Management and
                              Consultation Partnership (Limited Partnership) and Feng Jie transferred their respective 5.35% and 0.65% equity interest
                              in Jianjia Medical to the Company. Upon the transfer, the Company held 51% equity interest in Jianjia Medical in
                              aggregate. The acquisition consideration was RMB120 million.


                (2)   Disposal of Subsidiaries during the Reporting Period:

                                                                                                                  Unit: million Currency: RMB

                      Name                                             Disposed through                           Date of disposal


                      Xuzhou Wanbang Cloud Pharmacy                    Equity transfer                            27 September 2023

                      Note: The net profit of the above company from the beginning of Reporting Period to date of disposal amounted to RMB-12
                            million in aggregate.


     (IV)	Employees and Remuneration Policies
          As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had a total of 40,370 employees. The employee’s remuneration
          policies of the Group are formulated on the basis of the performance, work experience and salary level prevailing
          in the market.




64    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



THE BOARD’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON FUTURE DEVELOPMENT OF THE GROUP

I.    Industry Landscape and Trends
      In 2023, the pharmaceutical and medical industry in China remained in the stage of recovery growth, facing both
      challenges and opportunities. In terms of market demand and payment, in view of the accelerated population aging
      and increased burden caused by disease, as well as the growing awareness in health among residents, the government
      emphasizes health sector and further increases investment in public health and medical health so as to encourage
      innovative R&D and development of new treatment technologies as well as localization of high-end medical equipment
      from a policy level. The medical and healthcare market in China maintained a long-term and stable growth trend. With
      the population aging and the development of treatment technology, the spectrum of disease also changes. The
      prevalence and diagnosis rate of tumors and immune system diseases continue to rise. The population of patients with
      chronic diseases continues to expand, and there are still an enormous amount of clinical treatment needs to be met.
      These drivers will encourage local companies to firmly follow the path of innovation and transformation, and provide
      patients with new treatments with higher efficacy and affordability. In terms of industry policies, enterprises are led and
      encouraged by the State to undergo upgrade and structural optimization in terms of strategic emerging industries, in
      order to achieve the overall transformation of the local pharmaceutical industry while aiming at high-value innovations
      and promoting high quality development. In terms of payment policies, the National Medical Insurance Drugs Catalogue
      is further expanded to include new products into the catalogue at a faster pace, which reflects the policy orientation of
      innovation accessibility and affordability. Normalized and institutionalized implementation of centralized procurement
      of drugs in quantity is undertaken and the scope of centralized procurement of high-value medical supplies in quantity
      is continuously expanded, which further makes scope for medical insurance payment and accelerates the medical
      insurance coverage of innovative products. The policies continue to support the long-term healthy development of
      innovative, large-scale domestic pharmaceutical enterprises with international presence.

      As the industry has become more regulated, standardized and professional in the course of development, a further rise
      was seen in level of centralization of the industry. The continuous upgrade of the industry unavoidably presents
      pressure and challenges in terms of operations in the transformation process to local enterprises in the short term.
      Nevertheless, such circumstance will benefit the rapid development of leading enterprises and innovative individual
      business in the long term. On the other hand, uncertainties lurk within the global economy environment. The
      international expansion of domestic enterprises will be subject to various challenges, but enterprises with robust
      independent innovation capabilities will continue to enjoy the room for international development.

II.   Corporate Development Strategies
      The Group will commit to its mission of improving human health, adhere to its corporate philosophy of “Innovation for
      Good Health”, and endeavor to capture the momentum presented by the broad pharmaceutical market in China as
      well as the rapid growth in mainstream markets such as Europe and the U.S. and certain emerging markets. The Group
      adheres to the development strategies of innovation and transformation, integrated operation and steady development,
      so as to further enhance the establishment of core competence to improve the operating results. In terms of innovation
      and internationalization, the Group will continuously enhance the independent R&D capability and continue to achieve
      the transformation and practice of global innovative advanced technology by adopting license-in projects, deep
      incubation and other models so as to facilitate the innovation and transformation and propel the international
      expansion of the Group. With respect to production and operation, the Group will strengthen the upgrading and
      optimization of production and manufacturing system, continue to improve supply chain management, promote the
      consolidation of production resources and realization of star production lines for products within the Group. By taking
      smart factories as standard, the Group will build new manufacturing bases for preparations and APIs, so as to secure
      production capacity for newly launched products and key products. At the same time, the Group will continue to
      promote the transformation and upgrading of the digitalization and the intellectualization of enterprises.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023     65
Management Discussion and Analysis



III.   Operation Plan
       In 2024, the Group will continue to enhance its R&D efficiency, and accelerate to achieve the commercialization value
       of its launched products, thereby further improving the quality and efficiency of internal operations. In terms of
       innovative R&D, the Group will tap into the domestic market and expand into the international market, roll out targeted
       planning around products and technologies in core therapeutic fields with large unmet needs, improve R&D efficiency,
       and optimize the structure of pipeline products. In terms of improving operation and management efficiency, the
       Group will proactively promote lean operations, cost reduction, efficiency improvement and asset lightweighting to
       optimize the financial structure and lay a solid foundation for the Group’s long-term stable development.

       In order to achieve the above operating objectives, specific strategies and actions include:

       Pharmaceutical Manufacturing
       In 2024, the Group will continue to implement the “4IN” strategy, enhance capabilities in innovative R&D, strive to
       develop strategic products, expand global market opportunities, optimize asset allocation, and promote the efficiency
       in R&D and operation.

       In terms of innovative drug business, the Group will continue to optimize its R&D strategy, focus on its competitive
       resources to ensure the smooth advancement of key projects, and comprehensively upgrade its BD capabilities to
       increase international BD cooperation to expand its early and late pipelines and consolidate its dominant position in
       hematological tumors, solid tumors and other fields. By actively cooperating with world-class universities and scientific
       research institutes, the Group will strengthen the layout of chronic diseases (liver disease, metabolism, kidney disease,
       etc.) and central nervous system (Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson’s disease, etc.) in the early research stage. At the same
       time, the Group will actively promote the export of quality products and promote global simultaneous development.
       On the marketing side, the Group will promote the upgrading of the marketing organization, and strengthen product
       life cycle management through a large access system and innovative all-area marketing, maximize the commercial value
       of innovative products, and strive to create a matrix of blockbuster products worth billions of RMB.

       In terms of the established medicines manufacturing & supply business, under the influence of factors such as volume-
       based procurement, online management, price linkage, industry anti-corruption and global supply chain restructuring,
       the Group will enhance its core competitiveness and operating performance through promoting integration, resource
       sharing, collaborative innovation, complementary advantages and lean management. In terms of R&D, the Group will
       establish R&D projects for first generic drugs, difficult generic drugs and differentiated products, as well as improved
       new drugs, efficiently promote the development of pipeline products, and make deployment in high-end/complex
       preparations such as in situ gels, minitablets, oral fast dissolving film, inhalation and sustained and controlled release, to
       form a differentiated R&D layout. In terms of operation, the Group will consolidate and plan the industrial layout,
       strengthen the integration of APIs and preparations, deploy in characteristic APIs and emerging technology platforms,
       strengthen the capacity construction of international registration and marketing system of APIs, comprehensively
       improve operational efficiency, develop leadership in terms of cost, and focus on promoting the integration and
       international collaboration of the heparin industry. In terms of marketing, the Group will actively respond to centralized
       procurement, and accelerate the transformation of the marketing model. While further deepening its presence in the
       Chinese market and strengthening its presence in the U.S. market, the Group will achieve rapid breakthroughs through
       strategic layout in emerging markets such as Africa, the Middle East and Southeast Asia, so as to comprehensively
       promote global layout, form a regional focus, and accelerate international market expansion with the help of external
       mergers and acquisitions. In terms of organization and talents, the Group will also strengthen the reserve and team
       construction of professional and management talents, and establish a cohesive, agile and refined organization to
       promote the implementation of strategies and create a generic drug industry chain with international competitiveness.




66      Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



   In terms of the vaccines business, the Group will continue to enrich the product portfolio of bacterial vaccines, viral
   vaccines and emerging vaccine technology platforms. The Group will actively promote the phase III clinical trials of
   13-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (multivalent combinations), accelerate the marketing progress of
   quadrivalent influenza virus lysate vaccine, and orderly advance the R&D of strategic vaccine products in the pipeline. At
   the same time, the Group will strengthen independent R&D and open cooperation, reinforce the core competitiveness
   of the vaccine technology platform, and continue to promote the improvement of the production capacity and quality
   system of the vaccine industry.

   Medical Devices and Medical Diagnosis
   In 2024, in terms of the medical devices business, the Group will continue to focus on medical cosmetology, respiratory
   health, professional medical care and other business areas, systematically improve its marketing, product
   competitiveness and incubation capabilities, and further promote the professional, international and platform
   development of the medical devices business. In particular, the Group will strengthen the diversity of medical cosmetic
   business to achieve an extensive global network coverage through both internal and external expansion to strengthen
   its global leading position. The Group will accelerate integration and efficiency improvement, digital empowerment and
   localized expansion in China of the respiratory health business to create a leading brand. The Group will strengthen
   professional marketing of professional medical care business and create an advantageous brand in the field of
   specialties through the combination of incubation and introduction with “intelligently manufactured in China”.

   In terms of the medical diagnosis business, the Group will continue to deepen the product line portfolios in the
   construction of product matrix, accelerate the launch of laboratory equipment platform, immunological reagent
   combinations, and molecular reagent combination products of the testing center, and improve its ability to provide
   integrated medical diagnosis solutions. Meanwhile, it will also promote the on-site incubation and layout of
   development, introduction and localization of strategic products and emerging technologies, and foster a closed-loop
   model in application in order to enhance the innovativeness of the pipeline products. At the same time, the Group will
   focus on infection, tumor, maternal and child, reproductive, digestion and metabolism, central nervous system and
   other fields, further enrich its product and service mix, and provide customers with comprehensive solutions. In
   addition, the Group will further promote lean and integrated operations, and focus on expanding the construction of
   channel systems and reaching high-level customers.

   Healthcare Services
   In 2024, based on its existing advantageous areas, in terms of the healthcare services business, the Group will
   consolidate its doctor resource system, and improve specialized service capabilities and a full life cycle management
   system based on patients’ disease process. The Group will continue to enhance the cooperation between healthcare
   services and commercial insurance in terms of depth and breadth, increase the coverage of commercial insurance in
   healthcare services business, and accelerate the expansion of one-stop health management services for the integration
   of medicine, healthcare and insurance. It will also continue to strengthen its core capabilities, optimize its special supply
   chain system, and enhance the integrated operation efficiency. At the same time, the Group will continue to deepen
   the integrated online and offline smart healthcare based on the digital platform, and explore the expansion into Hong
   Kong, Macao and international medical services.

   Pharmaceutical Distribution and Retail
   In 2024, the Group will continue to support and facilitate consolidation and rapid development of Sinopharm in its
   pharmaceutical and devices distribution business and the continued expansion of the competitive advantages of
   Sinopharm in the pharmaceutical and devices distribution sectors.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023      67
Management Discussion and Analysis



     Financing
     In 2024, the Group will continue to explore the multi-level financing channels domestically and internationally, optimize
     its financial structure, and put the liability size and comprehensive financing costs under control. With the organic
     growth of the Group and the steady growth in the industry consolidation, the Group expects to invest for production
     capacity expansion, plant relocation, the development of GMP and reconstruction and expansion of hospitals in 2024.
     Primary sources of funding will include, among others, the Group’s own capital, cash flow from operating activities,
     proceeds from debt financing and equity financing, and proceeds from the disposal of non-strategic and non-core
     assets.

IV.	Potential Risks
     (I)   Industry policies adjustments
           The pharmaceutical industry is one of the industries most affected by national policies, involving various ministries
           and commissions and institutions such as national medical insurance, health, drug supervision and administration,
           industrialization and informatization, technology and intellectual property rights. With the intensified efforts in
           the reform of drug production and manufacturing, medical health and medical protection, the pharmaceutical
           and healthcare market environment continues changing significantly, and innovative transformation, industry
           consolidation and transformation in business models are inevitable. As the connection between the elements in
           “Three Medical Linkages” grows stronger, the promotion and implementation of policies on national and
           regional centralized procurement in quantity for drugs, rational use of drugs, restriction on adjuvant drugs and
           new policies including medical expense growth control, price and payment method adjustments for medical
           insurance payments, National Essential Medicine List adjustments, tendency to innovative medicine with high cost
           efficiency in the National Medical Insurance Drugs Catalogue and biosafety and environmental protection affect
           the production costs and profitability of the entire pharmaceutical industry and have brought about a renovated
           competitive structure to the industry.

           With respect to medical devices and medical diagnosis, the policies encourage the integration of the company’s
           resources and advantage complementation, and put innovation as the development focus, which intensifies the
           support for the innovation of high-end medical devices, and thus the technology levels of clinical products are
           continuously improved. The centralized procurement in quantity for high-value consumables brings about a
           drastic change in the supply side. The demand for remote intelligence, internet- based medical equipment and
           service mode is significant. The equipment installation of primary hospitals is much more funded and the needs
           for the enhancement of the public health system and establishment of a contingency mechanism obviously drive
           the development of the industry.

           In the field of medical services, it requires more strategic and diversified thinking on how socially-organized
           medical institutions can achieve closer cooperation, differentiated development and collaborative expansion with
           the mainstay of healthcare services to explore new areas of healthcare services.

           In this regard, the Group will closely monitor and conduct research on the policy trends of related industries, keep
           abreast of the development trends of the industry, continuously improve business management, and aim to fully
           reduce the business risks caused by policy changes.




68     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



   (II)   Market risks
          With the deepening reform of the medical system, the State introduced centralized bidding, zero mark-up and
          differential pricing as price management systems as well as provisional measures for price management of the
          circulation links of drugs that are mainly guided by “linkage with quantity and price, consistent quality”.
          Comprehensive adjustments have been made to the drug prices included in the scope of government pricing.

          In the field of innovative drugs, since the market size of generic drugs has been drastically shrunk, numerous
          generic drugs companies seek transformation. With China’s entry into the ICH (i.e. The International Council for
          Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use) and the domestic drug review and
          approval system being gradually brought into line with international standards, more and more innovative drugs
          are being marketed at a faster pace. The internal competition among local innovative pharmaceutical companies
          has been increasingly fierce, and at the same time, they are also facing competition from international
          pharmaceutical companies. In addition, the development and launch of innovative products by domestic
          pharmaceutical companies in overseas markets also face challenges such as heavy investment and lack of
          familiarity with regulatory requirements. In the field of generic drugs, with the gradually tighter control policy on
          medical insurance payments, the advancement of consistency evaluation of generic drugs, and the
          implementation of centralized procurement of drugs in quantity, the existing situation in the generic drugs
          industry with an excessive number of pharmaceutical manufacturing companies, a fragmented market and low
          market concentration will change. There will be further concentration in the industry. With the progressing
          supply-side reforms, the market shares and profit margins of generic pharmaceutical products will be subject to
          further pressure.

          In addition, the competition for generic drugs in the overseas markets, mainly in the U.S., is fierce, and drug
          regulatory agencies implemented increasingly stringent requirements on production quality. These factors
          constitute unavoidable risks during the deepening of internationalization. In emerging markets such as Africa,
          more and more generic drugs companies have joined the competition, resulting in intensified price pressure on
          government tenders, as well as increasing risk of competition.

          In this regard, the Group will keep abreast of the change in development trend of the industry, insist on
          innovation R&D, enrich product lines, optimize product structure, and enhance the R&D efficiency. At the same
          time, the Group will enhance the benefits from economies of scale, and improve quality and increase productivity
          for production. In terms of marketing, the Group will increase efforts in market development and enhance the
          marketability of products, so as to expand market coverage.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023     69
Management Discussion and Analysis



     (III)   Business and operating risks
             1.   R&D risks of drugs
                  Drugs must undergo processes ranging from preclinical research, clinical trials, application for registration
                  and approval for production during the R&D stage to marketing stage, and drug R&D is characterized by
                  large investment, long cycles, and high risks, etc. and is also susceptible to unpredictable factors. In
                  addition, if the R&D of drugs does not match future market demand, or if the sales of the new drugs are
                  not sufficient due to intensified competition and other factors, the recovery of the initial investment and the
                  realization of economic benefits may be affected, which will in turn adversely affect the profitability and
                  development of the Group.

                   In this regard, the Group will continue to strengthen its project and early research capabilities, establish a
                   lean R&D process and concept, scientifically employ Go/No-go decisions, and improve R&D efficiency and
                   output with an effective reward and punishment mechanism. In addition, the Group will further strengthen
                   the construction of BD and clinical registration capabilities, introduce and develop product pipelines with
                   high clinical value and strong innovative attributes, and accelerate the approval for launch of innovative
                   products; at the same time, it will actively explore the layout of new technologies and new targets through
                   various modes, including self-incubation, to expand the technology platform layout.

             2.    Control risks of product/service quality
                   Pharmaceutical products, medical devices and diagnostic products are special commodities, and the society
                   pays a great deal of attention to their quality. The Group has been continuously increasing its management
                   efforts and investment in technological transformation in terms of quality management. The technology
                   and equipment standards of subsidiaries have been significantly improved. However, due to the many
                   production stages for pharmaceutical products, quality issues may arise due to raw materials, production,
                   transportation, storage, use and other matters. Meanwhile, the Group has formulated corresponding
                   management measures and established management agencies to ensure that the procurement, inventory,
                   preparation, and sales of pharmaceuticals, medical devices, and diagnostic products comply with GMP and
                   relevant requirements and operate in accordance with the laws. However, there may still be the possibility
                   that the relevant operating entities will be punished for failing to strictly abide by relevant laws and
                   regulations due to various reasons such as poor management in the actual course of operation.

                   The medical services segment may be subject to risks of medical malpractice claims or disputes, including
                   complaints and disputes between doctors and patients arising from surgical errors, medical misdiagnosis
                   and incidents relating to defects of treatment and diagnostic devices. In the event of serious medical
                   malpractice, relevant compensation and loss may be incurred by the Group, which may in turn adversely
                   affect the operation results, brand and market reputation of the Group’s healthcare services institutions.

                   In this regard, the Group will continue to focus on quality and risk management throughout the life cycle of
                   its products, implement quality and safety control mechanisms and pharmacovigilance mechanism and keep
                   taking lean operations as a means. For healthcare services, the Group will strengthen the construction of
                   disciplines and improve the quality of operations while pursuing business development.




70     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



        3.    Safety and environmental risks
              Manufacturing companies are also exposed to safety and environmental risks during the production
              process. In the process of production of drugs, medical devices and diagnostic products, due to the
              dangerous chemical substances involved in the APIs, improper operation or inadequate maintenance
              measures during loading, unloading, handling, storage and use may cause production safety incident.
              Residue, waste gas, waste liquid and other pollutants produced during the manufacturing process of
              products or provision of healthcare services will be harmful to the nearby environment if they are not
              treated properly, which in turn will affect the normal production and operation of the Group. Although the
              Group has bioremediate and emitted pollutants in compliance with the relevant environmental laws,
              regulations and standards, the environmental protection costs incurred by the Group may increase in light
              of the enhanced social awareness on environmental protection over time, and the potential implementation
              of more stringent environmental protection laws and regulations by central and local governments.

              In this regard, the Group will continuously strengthen production safety management, reinforce staff
              training and implement relevant safety production measures to reasonably control risks. Meanwhile, the
              Company will attach importance and fulfill its social responsibility for environmental protection, increase
              investment in environmental protection and ensure the normal operation of environmental protection
              facilities and that the target of emissions is met.

   (IV) Management risks
        1.  Risks of internationalization
            Amid the high inflation in Europe and the United States, the United States promulgated the Inflation
            Reduction Act in 2022 and the European Union announced a proposed regulation on accelerating the
            marketing authorization application of innovative drugs, thus creating new challenges in cost, innovation
            competition, regulatory barriers and other aspects for Chinese enterprises to expand overseas. At the same
            time, regulators of different countries are considering regulating the application of technologies such as
            artificial intelligence. The U.S. FDA has issued discussion paper on the application of AI/ML (artificial
            intelligence/machine learning) in drug R&D and biological products, aiming to re-establish relevant
            regulatory concepts.

              In addition, the Group may face various problems during the implementation of its internationalization
              strategy, including unfamiliarity with the overseas regulatory environment and markets, difference in the
              demands between overseas and domestic customers, and implementation of trade protection policies in
              certain countries. At the same time, with the further expansion of the global sales network, the scale of
              sales and the scope of business, there will be higher requirements on the operating and management ability
              of the Group. If the Group’s capability on aspects such as production and operation, marketing, quality
              control, risk management, compliance with integrity, data protection and talent training does not align with
              the development pace of the internationalization or the requirement for the expansion of the Group, the
              Group will be exposed to operating and management risks.

        2.    Risks arising from mergers, acquisitions and restructuring
              Legal, policy and operating risk exposures may also be confronted by the Group during the process of
              mergers, acquisitions and business consolidations. Upon completion of acquisitions, the requirements on
              the operation and management of the Group will become higher. If mergers and acquisitions could not
              bring about a synergistic impact, the operating results of the Group may be adversely affected.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023    71
Management Discussion and Analysis



      (V)   Foreign exchange risks
            With the implementation of internationalization strategies, the Group continued to expand its operation scale,
            and the proportion of purchases, sales, and mergers and acquisitions denominated in foreign currencies has
            continued to increase. Changes in exchange rates will affect the value of assets and liabilities denominated in
            foreign currencies and the value of invested overseas entities, thereby indirectly causing changes in the Group’s
            income or cash flow over a period of time. With the continuous deepening of the reform of exchange rate
            marketization, the exchange rate between the RMB and other convertible currencies fluctuates in a greater range
            during the exchange rate settlement process and therefore brings the risk of exchange rate fluctuations.

            In this regard, the Group will keep paying attention to fluctuations of the foreign exchange, optimizing the
            structure of domestic and overseas assets, and reasonably controlling foreign exchange exposure so as to improve
            the ability to deal with foreign exchange fluctuation risks.

      (VI) Force majeure risks
           Severe natural disasters and abrupt public health incidents may harm the properties and personnel of the Group,
           and may affect the ordinary production and operation of the Group.

            In this regard, the Group will strengthen the analysis and prediction of force majeure risks, establish and improve
            the emergency management mechanism so as to minimize the adverse impact that force majeure incidents may
            bring to operations.

OTHER EVENTS

I.	Approval for Registration of Corporate Bonds by the CSRC
      On 12 October 2023, the CSRC issued the “Approval on the Public Issuance of the Corporate Bonds to the Professional
      Investors by Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2023] No. 2312) (the “Approval”),
      approving the application for registration of the Company to publicly issue corporate bonds not exceeding RMB8 billion
      to professional investors. The Approval shall be valid within 24 months from the date of the CSRC’s approval for
      registration. The Company may issue in tranches within the validity period of registration.

      As at the date of this report, no corporate bonds have been issued pursuant to the Approval.

II.   Delisting of Corporate Bonds
      In August 2023, the payment of the remaining principal of RMB745.001 million and the interest for the last tranche of
      the Public Issuance of Corporate Bonds (First Tranche) of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. in 2018
      (18 Fosun Pharma 01) (上 海 復 星 醫 藥（集團）股份有限公司2018 年公開發行公司債( 第一期)(18 復藥01)) was
      completed and the related bonds were delisted.




72     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



III.   Increase in Shareholding by a Controlling Shareholder
       On 13 September 2023, 22 September 2023 and 24 November 2023, the Company received written notifications by
       Fosun High Tech, a controlling shareholder, that Fosun High Tech planned to further increase its shareholding in the
       Company (including A Shares and/or H Shares) by way of, including but not limited to, centralised price bidding or
       block trade at the stock exchanges and transfer by agreement (and/or through parties acting in concert with it) within
       the 12-month period commencing from 13 September 2023 (inclusive), if and where appropriate, and the cumulative
       total consideration thereof shall not be less than RMB100 million4 (including the total consideration for an increase in
       shareholding of A Shares of not less than RMB100 million) and the additional shareholding interest to be acquired in
       aggregate shall not exceed 2% of the total issued shares of the Company as at 13 September 2023 (i.e. 2,672,156,611
       Shares, the same below) (and the aggregated number of shares in the Company to be acquired in the 12-month period
       on a rolling basis shall not exceed 2% of the total issued shares of the Company) (the “Shareholding Increase Plan”).
       Fosun High Tech and/or parties acting in concert with it shall not reduce its/their shareholding in the Company during
       the implementation of the Shareholding Increase Plan and within the statutory restricted period.

       As at the date of this report, pursuant to the Shareholding Increase Plan, Fosun High Tech acquired a total of 720,000
       Shares of the Company (all being A Shares), representing approximately 0.03% of the total number of Shares of the
       Company in issue as at 13 September 2023, with a total purchase price of approximately RMB20.08 million.

IV.    2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme
       Pursuant to the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme considered and approved at each of the extraordinary
       general meeting, the A Shareholders class meeting and the H Shareholders meeting held by the Company on 29
       November 2022, and under the authorization of the aforesaid extraordinary general meeting and class meetings, on 1
       September 2023, the Board and the Supervisory Committee resolved to grant a total of 417,600 restricted A Shares to
       94 proposed participants under the reserved grant on 1 September 2023, as the grant date of the reserved grant, at
       the grant price of RMB21.29 per share under the reserved grant. Except for 14 proposed participants under the
       reserved grant (who were granted a total of 46,000 restricted A Shares) who voluntarily decided not to participate in
       the reserved grant, 80 proposed participants under the reserved grant had accepted and subscribed for a total of
       371,600 restricted A Shares granted to them under the reserved grant. The share registration of those newly issued
       Shares was completed on 21 September 2023 at the Shanghai Branch of China Securities Depository and Clearing
       Corporation Limited.

       On 27 September 2023, the Board and the Supervisory Committee resolved that the Company shall forfeit the
       corresponding cash dividends for the year of 2022 held by the Company from a total of the 129,500 restricted A
       Shares granted to 10 participants in the first grant but not yet unlocked, and the Company shall repurchase and cancel
       those restricted A Shares due to the repurchase and cancellation as set out in the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme
       arising from the retirement and resignation of those 10 participants. The total repurchase price amounted to
       RMB2,769,052.98. The cancellation of the related Shares was completed on 23 November 2023.




       4
            The exchange rate of HKD against RMB is converted based on the central parity rate of HKD against RMB announced by the People’s Bank of
            China on the day of the relevant shareholding increase.




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023         73
Management Discussion and Analysis



V.   2022 H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme
     Pursuant to the 2022 H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme considered and approved at the extraordinary
     general meeting held by the Company on 29 November 2022, and under the authorization of the aforesaid
     extraordinary general meeting, on 1 September 2023, the Board and the Supervisory Committee resolved to grant a
     total of 8,990,000 units under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme to 94 proposed participants under the
     reserved grant on 1 September 2023, as the grant date of the reserved grant. On 22 September 2023, as 14 proposed
     participants under the reserved grant voluntarily decided not to participate in the reserved grant, the Board resolved to
     adjust the number of the holders under the reserved grant to 80 from 94 and the units to be granted under the
     reserved grant to 7,994,000 from 8,990,000.

     On 27 September 2023, the Board resolved that the management committee of the H Share Employee Share
     Ownership shall forfeit a total of 2,770,000 units under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme granted to 10
     holders in the first grant but not yet unlocked on the ground that those 10 holders in the first grant have retired or
     resigned.




74    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Five-Year Statistics

                                                                                                       Unit: million Currency: RMB

Year                                                              2019            2020         2021         2022           2023
                                                             (Restated)      (Restated)   (Restated)


Operating Results
Revenue                                                          28,389        30,167       38,864        43,811         41,249
Profit for the year                                               3,744         3,938        4,976         3,954          2,907
Profit for the year attributable to owners of
  the parent                                                      3,322          3,662        4,729        3,737          2,399
EBITDA                                                            7,121          7,285        8,814        8,041          7,720
Proposed final dividend (in RMB Yuan)                              0.39           0.43         0.56         0.42           0.27

Earnings per share (in RMB Yuan)
Earnings per share — basic                                          1.30          1.43         1.85         1.43              0.90
Earnings per share — diluted                                        1.30          1.43         1.85         1.43              0.90


Equity
Total equity                                                     39,151        45,932       48,323        54,058         56,578
Equity attributable to owners of the parent                      31,834        36,944       39,139        44,532         45,646
Equity per share attributable to owners
  of the parent                                                   12.42          14.41        15.27        16.67          17.08

Debt
Total debt                                                      21,691         22,965       24,509        29,116         32,574
Gearing ratio (%)                                              28.52%         27.46%       26.28%        27.18%         30.81%
Interest coverage (times)                                         6.62           8.27        10.41          7.94           5.61

Assets
Cash and bank balances                                            9,537         9,971       10,317        16,241         13,694
Property, plant and equipment                                    10,721        12,580       13,012        15,719         20,846
Right-of-use asset                                                2,455         2,666        2,570         2,837          4,248
Investments in joint ventures                                       381           382          283           231             79
Investments in associates                                        20,492        21,871       22,344        22,863         23,802
Financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss — non-current                                   1,983          1,461        1,206        2,389          1,040
Financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss — current                                          457         1,970        4,241          929          1,888
Equity investments designated at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                108             1           30           15               53


Segment net profit
Pharmaceutical manufacturing                                      2,073          2,355        2,630        3,419          1,974
Medical devices and medical diagnosis                               495            907        2,000          771           (440)
Healthcare service                                                1,559            109         (433)        (792)           (33)
Pharmaceutical distribution and retail                            1,634          1,807        1,948        2,114          2,242

EBITDA = profit before tax + finance costs + depreciation and amortization




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023     75
Report of the Directors

The Directors are pleased to present their 2023 report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for
the year ended 31 December 2023.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Group’s scope of business is strategically organized along the pharmaceutical and healthcare industry chain, with a focus
on the domestic market while expanding globally. Businesses directly operated by the Group include pharmaceutical
manufacturing, medical devices and medical diagnosis and healthcare service. The Group also has a presence in
pharmaceutical commerce through its investment in Sinopharm.

Details of the principal activities of the Group’s principal subsidiaries are set out in note 1 to the financial statements. There
were no significant changes in the nature of the Group’s principal activities during the Reporting Period.

BUSINESS REVIEW

A review of the business of the Group in 2023 and a discussion and analysis of the material factors underlying the Group’s
performance, results and financial position during the year are provided in the sections headed “Financial Review” and
“Business Review” in the Management Discussion and Analysis in this annual report, respectively. Description of the major
risks and uncertainties confronted by the Group can be found throughout this annual report, particularly in the section
headed “Potential Risks” in the Management Discussion and Analysis in this annual report. Particulars of important events
affecting the Group that have occurred since the end of the Reporting Period, can also be found in the note 53 to financial
statements. The outlook of the Group’s business is discussed throughout this annual report including the Chairman’s
Statement and the section headed “The Board’s Discussion and Analysis on Future Development of the Group” in the
Management Discussion and Analysis in this annual report.

RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

The Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the financial position of the Group at that date are set out in
the financial statements and the accompanying notes on pages 268 to 408.

The Board has proposed the 2023 Final Dividend of RMB0.27 per share, before tax, for the year ended 31 December 2023,
which will be subject to the approval by the Shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.

The Company will dispatch a circular containing, inter alia, further information relating to the proposed distribution of the
2023 Final Dividend and the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to Shareholders in due course.




76     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



PROFIT DISTRIBUTION PLAN

According to the Articles of Association, the Company may distribute its profit by means of cash, shares or a combination of
cash and shares. If the Company satisfies the conditions for cash dividends, priority should be given to profit distribution by
means of cash dividends. The Company makes a profit distribution each year in principle, and the Board may propose to
distribute interim cash dividends under the circumstances of the Company. Under the circumstances that the profit of the
year and the accumulated undistributed profit are both positive, the cash dividends for the year of the Company should not
be less than 10% of the distributable profit realized for the year in principle if the Company does not have any major
investment plans or (plan to) incur any significant cash expenses. The specific plan for distribution shall be decided by the
Shareholders at the general meeting according to the Company’s actual operation status of the year. The Board shall
comprehensively take account of the features of the industry where the Company operates, its stage of development, its own
business model, profitability and factors such as whether there is significant capital expenditure arrangement, when
distinguishing the following situations and forming different cash dividend distribution plans:

(a)   If the Company is at the mature stage of development and has no significant capital expenditure arrangements, the
      proportion of cash dividends shall be at least 80% of the profit distribution;

(b)   If the Company is at the mature stage of development and has significant capital expenditure arrangements, the
      proportion of cash dividends shall be at least 40% of the profit distribution;

(c)   If the Company is at the growth stage and has significant capital expenditure arrangement, the proportion of cash
      dividends shall be at least 20% of the profit distribution.

If it is difficult to distinguish the Company’s stage of development but there is significant capital expenditure arrangement,
the profit distribution may be dealt with pursuant to the rules in the preceding paragraph.

AGM AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS OF H SHARES

The notice of the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company will be published and dispatched to Shareholders in
accordance with the requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the Articles of Association. The Company will
announce the period of closure of register of members of H Shares in the notice of annual general meeting to be issued or
the announcement to be otherwise issued.

SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION

A summary of the financial information for the last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements
(restated/reclassified as appropriate) is set out in the section headed “Five-Year Statistics” in this annual report.

ISSUED CAPITAL

Details of movements in the Company’s share capital during the Reporting Period are set out in note 39 to the financial
statements.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023     77
Report of the Directors



SUBSIDIARIES

Particulars of the names, places of incorporation and issued/registered share capital of the Company’s principal subsidiaries
are set out in note 1 to the financial statements.

REPURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme
The 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme was approved by the Shareholders of the Company at each of the
extraordinary general meeting, the A Shareholders class meeting and the H Shareholders class meeting held on 29 November
2022, respectively. On 1 September 2023, the Board and the Supervisory Committee resolved to grant a total of 417,600
restricted A Shares to 94 proposed participants under the reserved grant on 1 September 2023, as the grant date of the
reserved grant, at the grant price of RMB21.29 per share under the reserved grant. Except for 14 proposed participants under
the reserved grant (who were granted a total of 46,000 restricted A Shares) who voluntarily decided not to participate in the
reserved grant, 80 proposed participants under the reserved grant had accepted and subscribed for a total of 371,600
restricted A Shares granted to them under the reserved grant. The share registration of those newly issued Shares was
completed on 21 September 2023 at the Shanghai Branch of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited.

On 27 September 2023, the Board and the Supervisory Committee resolved that the Company shall repurchase and cancel a
total of 129,500 restricted A Shares granted to 10 participants in the first grant but not yet unlocked due to the repurchase
and cancellation as set out in the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme arising from the retirement and resignation of those
10 participants. The total repurchase price amounted to RMB2,769,052.98. The cancellation of the related Shares was
completed on 23 November 2023.

Sell back of “21 Fosun 01” Corporate Bonds
The total initial offering size of “21 Fosun 01” corporate bonds was RMB1,600 million. The bondholders exercised their put
option at the end of the second interest-bearing year during the term of such corporate bonds according to the right of
adjustment to the coupon rate of the issuer and investors’ put option as provided in the “Offering Memorandum for the
Public Issuance of Corporate Bonds (First Tranche) to Qualified Investors in 2021 by Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group)
Co., Ltd.”《上 海 復 星 醫 藥 ( 集 團 ) 股 份 有 限 公 司2021 年 公 開 發 行 公 司 債 券 ( 第 一 期 ) 募 集 說 明 書 ( 面 向 專 業 投 資 者 )》.
Such sell back amounted to RMB1,600 million. As at 1 March 2023, the full amount of such bonds was registered for selling
back and had not been resold. Such bonds were cancelled in full amount and delisted on 13 March 2023.

Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries repurchased, sold or redeemed any of the
Company’s listed securities during the period from 1 January 2023 to the date of this report.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

The amount of the Company’s reserves available for distribution as at 31 December 2023, calculated in accordance with PRC
rules and regulations, was RMB12,775 million.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s total purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers were less than
30%, and the Group’s total turnover attributable to the Group’s five largest customers was less than 30%.




78     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



DIRECTORS

As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Board consisted of 12 Directors. The Directors are as follows:

Executive Directors
Mr. Wu Yifang ( 吳 以 芳 ) (Chairman)
Mr. Wang Kexin ( 王 可 心 ) (Co-Chairman)
Ms. Guan Xiaohui (關 曉 暉 ) (Vice Chairman)
Mr. Wen Deyong ( 文 德 鏞 ) (Chief Executive Officer)

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Chen Qiyu ( 陳啟 宇 )
Mr. Yao Fang ( 姚 方 )
Mr. Xu Xiaoliang (徐 曉 亮 )
Mr. Pan Donghui (潘 東 輝 )

Independent non-executive Directors
Ms. Li Ling ( 李 玲 )
Mr. Tang Guliang (湯 谷 良 )
Mr. Wang Quandi (王 全 弟 )
Mr. Yu Tze Shan Hailson ( 余 梓 山 )

SUPERVISORS

As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Supervisors were as follows:

Ms. Ren Qian (任 倩 ) (Chairman)
Mr. Guan Yimin ( 管 一 民 )
Mr. Chen Bing ( 陳 冰 )

At the annual general meeting held on 28 June 2023, Mr. Chen Bing was elected by the Shareholders as a Supervisor of the
ninth session of the Supervisory Committee. The appointment became effective on 28 June 2023 until the expiry of the term
of the current session of the Supervisory Committee. Mr. Cao Genxing’s resignation as a Supervisor of the Company became
effective on 28 June 2023.

DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S BIOGRAPHIES

Biographical details of the Directors, Supervisors and the senior management of the Company are set out on pages 123 to
133 of this annual report.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   79
Report of the Directors



DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each of the Directors and Supervisors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of not more than three
years until the conclusion of the forthcoming general meeting of the Company, at which members of the next session of the
Board and Supervisory Committee will be elected. None of the Directors and Supervisors has an unexpired service contract
which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory
compensation).

REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The executive Directors who are also the senior management of the Company are not entitled to receive by way of
remuneration for their services as being executive Directors, but entitled to receive by way of remuneration for their services
as the senior management of the Company, and such remuneration will be assessed and determined by the Board. The
remuneration for the full-time Directors should be determined by the Shareholders at the general meetings of the Company
based on the economic benefits received by the Company and by reference to factors including the responsibilities and
performance of the Directors and the remuneration standards of the industry. The allowances for the independent non-
executive Directors should be determined by the Shareholders at the general meetings of the Company.

Details of the remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and chief executive and details of the five highest paid employees’
remuneration are set out in note 10 and note 11 to the financial statements.

The remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2023, including salaries, allowances and benefits in kind, performance-
related bonuses, pension scheme contribution and cash-based long-term incentive scheme, of those who were senior
management of the Company on 31 December 2023 and whose profiles are included in the section headed “Biographical
Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” of this annual report fell within the following bands:

Remuneration bands                                                                                    Number of individuals


RMB Nil to RMB2,000,000                                                                                                      2
RMB2,000,001 to RMB4,000,000                                                                                                 7
RMB4,000,001 to RMB6,000,000                                                                                                 9
RMB6,000,001 to RMB8,000,000                                                                                                 1
RMB8,000,001 to RMB10,000,000                                                                                                1
RMB10,000,001 to RMB20,000,000                                                                                               1


DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND
CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

There is no transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to which the Company or its subsidiaries was a party
subsisted at the end of the Reporting Period or at any time during the Reporting Period in which a Director, an entity
connected with a Director, a Supervisor or an entity connected with a Supervisor had a material interest.




80     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save for the connected transactions as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions” under the “Report of the
Directors” in this annual report, no contracts of significance (including those for the provision of services to the Group) were
entered into between the Company or any of subsidiaries and the controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries during the
Reporting Period.

PENSION SCHEME

The full-time employees of the Group are covered by various government-regulated defined contribution retirement benefit
schemes under which the employees are entitled to a monthly pension. The Group contributes a percentage of the
employees’ salaries (subject to maximum caps) to these retirement benefit schemes on a monthly basis. Under these schemes,
the Group has no legal obligation for retirement benefits beyond the contributions made. Contributions to these schemes are
expensed as incurred. The Group’s pension cost charged to the income statement for the Reporting Period was RMB55.38
million.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACT

No contracts concerning the management and/or administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Group were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.

DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

During the Reporting Period, except for the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme and the 2022 H Share Employee Share
Ownership Scheme, none of the Company, its subsidiaries, the Company’s controlling shareholders and their subsidiaries is a
party to any arrangement that would enable the Directors or Supervisors to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of any
shares or debentures in the Company or any other body corporate, and none of the Directors, Supervisors or their spouses or
children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe for securities of the Company, or had exercised any such right for
the year.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023     81
Report of the Directors



DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS
IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 31 December 2023, the interests or short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executive of the Company in
the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of
Part XV of the SFO) which should be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of
the SFO, or as otherwise should be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model
Code were as follows:

(1)   Interests in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company
                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                            percentage of
                                                                                        Number of       Shares in relevant
      Name                                Capacity               Class of Shares           Shares(1)       class of Shares


      Mr. Wu Yifang                       Beneficial owner       H Share                 373,000(L)                  0.07%
                                          Beneficial owner       A Share               1,007,100(L)                  0.05%
      Mr. Wang Kexin                      Beneficial owner       H Share                  20,000(L)                  0.00%
                                          Beneficial owner       A Share                 447,700(L)                  0.02%
      Ms. Guan Xiaohui                    Beneficial owner       H Share                  25,000(L)                  0.00%
                                          Beneficial owner       A Share                 393,100(L)                  0.02%
      Mr. Wen Deyong                      Beneficial owner       H Share                  20,000(L)                  0.00%
                                          Beneficial owner       A Share                 207,100(L)                  0.01%
      Mr. Chen Qiyu                       Beneficial owner       A Share                 114,075(L)                  0.01%
      Mr. Yao Fang                        Beneficial owner       A Share                 458,300(L)                  0.02%
      Ms. Ren Qian                        Beneficial owner       A Share                  17,250(L)                  0.00%


      Note:

      (1)     (L) — Long position




82      Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



(2)   Interests in the shares and underlying shares of the Company’s associated corporations (within
      the meaning of Part XV of the SFO)
                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                                     percentage of
                                                                                                                         Shares in
                                     Name of associated                                                 Number of    relevant class
      Name                           corporations               Class of shares Capacity                   Shares(1)     of Shares


      Mr. Wu Yifang                  Fosun International        Ordinary share   Beneficial owner        330,000(L)             0.00%
      Mr. Wang Kexin                 Fosun International        Ordinary share   Beneficial owner      1,260,000(L)             0.02%
      Ms. Guan Xiaohui               Fosun International        Ordinary share   Beneficial owner      1,200,000(L)             0.01%
      Mr. Chen Qiyu                  Fosun International        Ordinary share   Beneficial owner     31,144,400(L)             0.38%
                                     Fosun Tourism              Ordinary share   Beneficial owner        501,478(L)             0.04%
      Mr. Yao Fang                   Fosun International        Ordinary share   Beneficial owner      8,679,500(L)             0.11%
      Mr. Xu Xiaoliang               Fosun International        Ordinary share   Beneficial owner     27,540,000(L)             0.34%
                                     Fosun Tourism              Ordinary share   Beneficial owner      2,052,328(L)             0.17%
                                     Yuyuan Inc.                Ordinary share   Beneficial owner        612,800(L)             0.02%
      Mr. Pan Donghui                Fosun International        Ordinary share   Beneficial owner     14,403,484(L)             0.18%
                                     Fosun Tourism              Ordinary share   Beneficial owner        490,000(L)             0.04%
      Mr. Chen Bing                  Fosun International        Ordinary share   Beneficial owner      3,323,453(L)             0.04%
                                     Fosun Tourism              Ordinary share   Beneficial owner         66,663(L)             0.01%


      Note:

      (1)      (L) — Long position


(3)   Interests in debentures of the Company’s associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV
      of the SFO)
                                                                                                                        Amount of
      Name                            Name of associated corporations                           Capacity                debentures


      Mr. Wu Yifang                   Fortune Star (BVI) Limited(1)                             Beneficial owner         USD36,440
                                      Fortune Star (BVI) Limited(2)                             Beneficial owner         USD36,440
      Mr. Xu Xiaoliang                Fortune Star (BVI) Limited(1)                             Beneficial owner        USD251,933
                                      Fortune Star (BVI) Limited(2)                             Beneficial owner        USD251,933


      Notes:

      (1)      Details of debentures: due on 29 October 2025.

      (2)      Details of debentures: due on 18 May 2026.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023     83
Report of the Directors



INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 31 December 2023, so far as is known to the Directors and Supervisors, the persons or entities, other than the
Directors, Supervisors or chief executive of the Company, who had interests or short positions recorded in the register
required to be kept under section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

                                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                                                        percentage of
                                                                                          Class of               Number of          Shares in relevant
Name of Shareholders                    Nature of Interest                                Shares                    Shares(1)          class of Shares


Fosun High Tech                         Beneficial owner                                  H Share            71,533,500(L)                        12.96%
                                        Beneficial owner                                  A Share           886,315,955(L)(2)                     41.80%
Fosun International                     Beneficial owner                                  H Share             6,000,000(L)                         1.09%
                                        Interest of a controlled corporation              H Share            71,533,500(L)(3)                     12.96%
                                        Interest of a controlled corporation              A Share           886,315,955(L)(5)                     41.80%
Fosun Holdings                          Interest of a controlled corporation              H Share            77,533,500(L)(4)                     14.05%
                                        Interest of a controlled corporation              A Share           886,315,955(L)(5)                     41.80%
Fosun International Holdings            Interest of a controlled corporation              H Share            77,533,500(L)(4)                     14.05%
                                        Interest of a controlled corporation              A Share           886,315,955(L)(5)                     41.80%
Mr. Guo Guangchang                      Interest of a controlled corporation              H Share            77,533,500(L)(4)                     14.05%
                                        Interest of a controlled corporation              A Share           886,315,955(L)(5)                     41.80%
                                        Beneficial owner                                  A Share               114,075(L)                         0.01%


Notes:

(1)      (L) — Long position;

(2)      As at the end of the Reporting Period, Fosun High Tech had in the aggregate pledged 707,900,000 A Shares, the proceeds from the loan(s) to which the
         share pledge relates are to be applied towards repayment of its own debt(s).

(3)      The Shares are held by Fosun High Tech. Fosun High Tech is wholly owned by Fosun International and therefore Fosun International is deemed to be
         interested in these Shares.

(4)      These Shares, of which 71,533,500 Shares are held by Fosun High Tech, and of which 6,000,000 Shares are held by Fosun International. Fosun High Tech
         is wholly owned by Fosun International, which in turn is owned as to 73.42% by Fosun Holdings, and Fosun Holdings is wholly owned by Fosun
         International Holdings. As Fosun International Holdings is owned as to 85.29% by Mr. Guo Guangchang, Fosun Holdings, Fosun International Holdings
         and Mr. Guo Guangchang are deemed to be interested in these Shares.

(5)      These Shares are held by Fosun High Tech. Fosun High Tech is wholly owned by Fosun International, which in turn is owned as to 73.42% by Fosun
         Holdings, and Fosun Holdings is wholly owned by Fosun International Holdings. As Fosun International Holdings is owned as to 85.29% by Mr. Guo
         Guangchang, Fosun International, Fosun Holdings, Fosun International Holdings and Mr. Guo Guangchang are deemed to be interested in these Shares.




84        Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



PERMITTED INDEMNITY

At no time during the year ended 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this report was there any permitted indemnity
provision in force for the benefit of any of the Directors and the Supervisors (whether made by the Company or otherwise) or
any directors and supervisors of an associated company (if made by the Company). The Company has arranged appropriate
Directors’, Supervisors’ and senior management’s liability insurance coverage for the Directors, Supervisors and senior
management.

SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES

2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme
The adoption of the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme was approved by the Shareholders of the Company at the
extraordinary general meeting, the A Shareholders class meeting and the H Shareholders class meeting held on 29 November
2022. A summary of the principal terms of the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme is set out below.

(1)   Purpose
      The Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme aims to further improve the corporate governance structure, promote the
      establishment and improvement of the incentive mechanism of the Group, fully mobilize the enthusiasm of the
      executive Directors and senior management personnel of the Company and employees of the Group, effectively align
      the interests of the Shareholders, corporate(s) and operators to focus on and work collectively for the long-term
      development of the Group.

(2)   Participants
      The participants under the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme include executive Directors, senior management
      personnel of the Company, the mid-level management personnel of the Group and other employees to whom the
      Board considers provision of incentives to be appropriate. The detailed list of participants and their respective allocation
      under the scheme shall be proposed by the Board, independent non-executive Directors and the Supervisory Committee
      shall opine on the same, subject to the relevant procedures in the event the approval at the general meeting, the A
      Shareholders class meeting and the H Shareholders class meeting of the Company is required.

      Participants under the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme do not include any independent non-executive Director or
      Supervisor of the Company, or Shareholders individually or collectively holding more than 5% of the Shares of the
      Company or actual controller and his/her spouse, parents and children. The executive Directors and senior management
      personnel of the Company among the participants were elected at the general meetings or hired by the Board. All
      participants shall have entered into employment agreements or engagement documents with the Company or its
      subsidiaries at the time of grant under the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme and during the term of the Restricted A
      Share Incentive Scheme.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023     85
Report of the Directors



(3)   Maximum number of shares to be issued and maximum shareholdings entitled by the participants
      A number of up to 3,434,300 restricted A Shares were proposed to be granted to the participants under the Restricted
      A Share Incentive Scheme, representing up to 0.13% of the total share capital of the Company (i.e. 2,672,398,711
      Shares, the same below) as at the date of this report. Specifically, a number of up to 2,747,500 Shares were granted
      under the first grant, representing up to 0.10% of the total share capital of the Company as at the date of this report;
      and a number of up to 686,800 Shares were reserved for further grant, representing up to 0.03% of the total share
      capital of the Company as at date of this report. The reserved grant portion represents up to 20% of the total
      Restricted A Shares to be granted under the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme. The total number of shares of the
      Company granted to any of the participants under all share incentive schemes currently in force does not in the
      aggregate exceed 0.1% of the total share capital of the Company as at 29 August 2022.

(4)   Term, restriction period and unlocking arrangement
      The term of the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme shall be commencing from the completion date of registration of
      the Shares under the first grant (i.e. 13 December 2022, same as below) and ending on the date of all the Restricted A
      Shares granted to the participants having unlocked or repurchased and cancelled, the maximum period of which shall
      not exceed 60 months.

      The restricted A Shares granted under the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme shall be locked after completion of their
      registration. During the restriction period, the cash dividend from the restricted A Shares granted to the participants
      shall be held by the Company and payable to the participants upon unlocking; and in the event of the restricted A
      Shares are unable to be unlocked, the corresponding cash divided shall be forfeited by the Company. Within the
      unlocking period, the Company shall deal with matters related to the unlocking of those restricted A Shares which
      satisfy the conditions to such unlocking. The restricted A Shares which fail to satisfy the unlocking conditions, or fail to
      apply for unlocking the relevant restricted A Shares within the prescribed period as listed above, shall be repurchased
      by the Company at the repurchase price equal to the grant price in accordance with the terms of the Restricted A Share
      Incentive Scheme and cancelled accordingly.




86     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



   The restriction period (i.e. the vesting period) of the restricted A Shares granted under the first grant of the Restricted A
   Share Incentive Scheme (took place in 2022) shall be 12 months, 24 months and 36 months from the relevant
   completion date of registration of the Shares under the first grant. The unlocking schedule and arrangements for the
   restricted A Shares to be granted under the first grant are set out below:

                                                                                               Maximum proportion of the
                                                                                            unlocked restricted A Shares in
   Unlocking period for                                                                     the total restricted A Shares to
   the restricted A Shares                                                                 be granted under the Restricted
   under the first grant                          Unlocking schedule                             A Share Incentive Scheme


   First unlocking period        Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of                                    33%
                                 the 12-month period from the date of completion of
                                 registration of certain corresponding restricted A
                                 Shares under the first grant and ending on the last
                                 trading day of the 24-month period from the date of
                                 completion of registration of certain corresponding
                                 restricted A Shares under the first grant

   Second unlocking period       Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of                                    33%
                                 the 24-month period from the date of completion of
                                 registration of certain corresponding restricted A
                                 Shares under the first grant and ending on the last
                                 trading day of the 36-month period from the date of
                                 completion of registration of certain corresponding
                                 restricted A Shares under the first grant

   Third unlocking period        Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of                                    34%
                                 the 36-month period from the date of completion of
                                 registration of certain corresponding restricted A
                                 Shares under the first grant and ending on the last
                                 trading day of the 48-month period from the date of
                                 completion of registration of certain corresponding
                                 restricted A Shares under the first grant




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023      87
Report of the Directors



     The restriction period (i.e. the vesting period) of the restricted A Shares granted under the reserved grant of the
     Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme (took place in 2023) shall be 12 months and 24 months from the relevant
     completion date of registration of the restricted A Shares under the reserved grant (i.e. 21 September 2023, same as
     below). The unlocking schedule and arrangements for the restricted A Shares to be granted under the reserved grant
     are set out below:

                                                                                               Maximum proportion of the
                                                                                            unlocked restricted A Shares in
     Unlocking period for the                                                               the total restricted A Shares to
     restricted A Shares under                                                             be granted under the Restricted
     the reserved grant                            Unlocking schedule                            A Share Incentive Scheme


     First unlocking period       Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of                                 50%
                                  the 12-month period from the date of completion of
                                  registration of certain corresponding restricted A
                                  Shares under the reserved grant and ending on the last
                                  trading day of the 24-month period from the date of
                                  completion of registration of certain corresponding
                                  restricted A Shares under the reserved grant

     Second unlocking period      Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of                                 50%
                                  the 24-month period from the date of completion of
                                  registration of certain corresponding restricted A
                                  Shares under the reserved grant and ending on the last
                                  trading day of the 36-month period from the date of
                                  completion of registration of certain corresponding
                                  restricted A Shares under the reserved grant


     (5)   Grant price of restricted A Shares and the basis of determination
           The grant price under the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme (including the grant price of the first grant and the
           reserved grant) shall be RMB21.29 per share. Upon fulfilment of grant conditions, each participant is entitled to
           purchase the A Shares newly issued to him or her by the Company at the price of RMB21.29 per share.

           The grant price underlying the first grant of the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme shall not be less than the
           nominal value of the Shares, and shall not be less than the higher of the following prices:

           (a)   50% of the average trading price of the A Shares on the last trading day before the date of the A-Share
                 announcement on the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme (i.e. 29 August 2022); and

           (b)   50% of the average trading price of the A Shares on the last 20 trading days before the date of the A-Share
                 announcement on the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme.




88    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



      The grant price underlying the reserved grant of the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme shall not be less than
      the nominal value of the Shares, and shall not be less than the higher of the following prices:

      (a)   50% of the average trading price of the A Shares on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of
            the announcement of Board resolutions on the reserved grant (i.e. 31 August 2023);

      (b)   50% of the average trading price of the A Shares on the last 20, 60 or 120 trading days immediately
            preceding the date of the announcement of Board resolutions on the reserved grant; and

      (c)    the grant price of the first grant.

      Pursuant to the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme and under the authorization of the aforesaid extraordinary
      general meeting and class meetings, on 1 September 2023, the Board and the Supervisory Committee resolved to
      grant a total of 417,600 restricted A Shares to 94 proposed participants under the reserved grant on 1 September
      2023, as the grant date of the reserved grant, at the grant price of RMB21.29 per share under the reserved grant.
      Except for 14 proposed participants under the reserved grant (who were granted a total of 46,000 restricted A
      Shares) who voluntarily decided not to participate in the reserved grant, the remaining 80 proposed participants
      under the reserved grant had signed grant agreements with the Company and completed the payment to
      subscribe for a total of 371,600 restricted A Shares, and the registration of the relevant Shares was completed on
      21 September 2023. On the grant date of the reserved grant and the last trading day immediately preceding the
      grant date (i.e. 31 August 2023), the closing prices of the A Shares of the Company were RMB28.01 and
      RMB27.93 per share, respectively. The fair value of the 371,600 restricted A Shares granted and subscribed under
      the reserved grant on the grant date of the reserved grant amounted to RMB10,408,516.

      On 27 September 2023, the Board and the Supervisory Committee resolved that the Company shall forfeit the
      corresponding cash dividends for the year of 2022 held by the Company from a total of the 129,500 restricted A
      Shares granted to 10 participants in the first grant but not yet unlocked, and the Company shall repurchase and
      cancel those restricted A Shares due to the repurchase and cancellation situations as set out in the Restricted A
      Share Incentive Scheme arising from the retirement and resignation of those 10 participants. The total repurchase
      price amounted to RMB2,769,052.98. The cancellation of the relevant Shares was completed on 23 November
      2023.

      On 1 January 2023 and 31 December 2023, the maximum number of restricted A Shares to be granted under the
      Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme was 686,800 Shares and 0 Share, respectively. During the Reporting Period,
      the number of restricted A Shares that the Company may grant under the Restricted A share Incentive Scheme
      did not exceed 686,800 shares, representing approximately 0.03% of the weighted average number of the total
      number of A Shares issued by the Company in 2023.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023    89
Report of the Directors



         During the Reporting Period, details of changes in the relevant restricted A Shares under the Restricted A Share
         Incentive Scheme are set out as follows:

                                                                                            Number of                     Change during the Reporting Period     Number of     Number of
                                                                                              restricted                               (shares)                    restricted   restricted
                                                                                               A Shares                                                             A Shares A Shares not
                                                                                          granted and            Not yet                         Lapsed/       granted and yet unlocked
                                                                                           issued as at     unlocked as    Granted Unlocked cancelled           issued as at          as at
                                                                                             1 January      at 1 January during the during the during the      31 December 31 December
                                               Grant price                                          2023             2023 Reporting Reporting Reporting                  2023         2023
         Participant(s)    Grant date          (RMB/share)   Lock-up period                      (shares)         (shares)   Period     Period     Period             (shares)     (shares)


         Wu Yifang         1 December 2022          21.29    From 13 December 2022 to          257,200          257,200           0           0           0         257,200        257,200
                                                                12 December 2025(1)
         Wang Kexin        1 December 2022          21.29    From 13 December 2022 to          215,200          215,200           0           0           0         215,200        215,200
                                                                12 December 2025(1)
         Guan Xiaohui      1 December 2022          21.29    From 13 December 2022 to          187,100          187,100           0           0           0         187,100        187,100
                                                                12 December 2025(1)
         Wen Deyong        1 December 2022          21.29    From 13 December 2022 to          187,100          187,100           0           0           0         187,100        187,100
                                                                12 December 2025(1)

         Subtotal                                                                              846,600          846,600           0           0           0         846,600        846,600
         Other participants 1 December 2022         21.29    From 13 December 2022 to        1,654,800        1,654,800           0           0     129,500       1,525,300      1,525,300
                                                                12 December 2025(1)
         Other participants 1 September 2023        21.29    From 21 September 2023                   —              —      371,600           0           0         371,600        371,600
                                                                to 20 September 2025(2)


         Total                                                                               2,501,400        2,501,400     371,600           0     129,500       2,743,500      2,743,500


         Notes:

         (1)      Upon fulfilment of certain unlocking conditions of the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme (including Group level performance appraisal
                  and individual level performance appraisal of participants, please refer to the Company’s circular dated 31 October 2022 for details), the
                  arrangement for the unlocking of restricted A Shares granted on 1 December 2022 is as follows:


                                                                                                                                                         Maximum proportion of
                                                                                                                                                  the unlocked restricted Shares
                                                                                                                                                    in the total restricted Shares
                  Lock-Up period                                                  Unlocking period                                                                  to be granted


                  From 13 December 2022 to 12 December 2023                       From 13 December 2023 to 12 December 2024                                                         33%
                  From 13 December 2022 to 12 December 2024                       From 13 December 2024 to 12 December 2025                                                         33%
                  From 13 December 2022 to 12 December 2025                       From 13 December 2025 to 12 December 2026                                                         34%


         (2)      Upon fulfilment of certain unlocking conditions of the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme (including Group level performance appraisal
                  and individual level performance appraisal of participants, please refer to the Company’s circular dated 31 October 2022 for details), the
                  arrangement for the unlocking of restricted A Shares granted on 1 September 2023 is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                         Maximum proportion of
                                                                                                                                                  the unlocked restricted Shares
                                                                                                                                                    in the total restricted Shares
                  Lock-Up period                                                  Unlocking period                                                                  to be granted


                  From 21 September 2023 to 20 September 2024                     From 21 September 2024 to 20 September 2025                                                       50%
                  From 21 September 2023 to 20 September 2025                     From 21 September 2025 to 20 September 2026                                                       50%


                  The impact of the implementation of the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme on the Group’s accounting costs for each period would be
                  calculated and amortized in accordance with the requirements of the HKFRS.




90   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



   2022 H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme
   The 2022 H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme was approved by the Shareholders of the Company at the
   extraordinary general meeting held on 29 November 2022. The principal terms and implementation of the 2022 H
   Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme are as follows.

   (1)   Purpose
         The 2022 H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme aims at further improving the corporate governance
         structure of the Group, promoting the establishment and improvement of the incentive mechanism of the Group,
         fully mobilizing the enthusiasm of the executive Directors and senior management personnel of the Company and
         employees of the Group, and effectively aligning the interests of the shareholders, corporate(s) and operators to
         focus on and work collectively for the long-term development of the Group.

   (2)   Participants
         The holders under the 2022 H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme include executive Directors and senior
         management personnel of the Company and the mid-level management personnel of the Group and other
         employees to whom the Board considers provision of incentives to be appropriate. The detailed list of holders and
         their respective allocation shall be proposed by the Board, and independent non-executive Directors and the
         Supervisory Committee shall opine on the same, subject to the relevant procedures in the event the approval at
         the general meeting of the Company is required.

         Participants under the 2022 H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme do not include any independent non-
         executive Director or Supervisor of the Company, or Shareholders individually or collectively holding more than 5%
         of the shares of the Company or actual controller and his/her spouse, parents and children. The executive
         Directors and senior management personnel of the Company among the holders were elected at the general
         meetings of the Company or hired by the Board. All holders shall have entered into employment agreements or
         engagement documents with the Company or its subsidiaries at the time of grant under the H Share Employee
         Share Ownership Scheme and during the term of the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme.

   (3)   Source of funds, source of target shares and upper limit of interests granted to holders
         The source of funds of the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme is the Company’s funds designated for
         incentive purposes with a size of RMB73.4625 million, and the holders are not required to pay any consideration.
         The H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme is denominated in “units”, each being RMB1 in value, i.e. the
         maximum number of units under the scheme is 73.4625 million. Amongst which, there are up to 58.77 million
         units under the first grant, and the remainder of up to 14.6925 million units are reserved units. The total number
         of H Shares to be held under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme shall not in the aggregate exceed
         0.5% of the total share capital of the Company, and the total number of H Shares corresponding to units to be
         held by a holder under the scheme shall not in the aggregate exceed 0.5% of the total share capital of the
         Company.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023    91
Report of the Directors



           The Company has entrusted Changjiang Pension to be the management agency of the H Share Employee Share
           Ownership Scheme (the maximum fund size of the first grant is RMB53,500,000 and the maximum fund size of
           the reserved grant (not yet granted in 2022) is RMB14,692,500) and to carry out the daily management of the H
           Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme through the Changjiang Pension Employee Share Ownership Product
           in 2022. From 12 December 2022 to 29 December 2022 (both days inclusive), the Changjiang Pension Employee
           Share Ownership Product purchased 2,837,000 H Shares of the Company through the Shanghai-Hong Kong
           Stock Connect trading system, representing 0.11% of the total share capital and 0.51% of the total number of H
           Shares of the Company (i.e. 551,940,500 Shares). The total trading amount was approximately HK$74.87 million
           (excluding trading fees), and the average trading price was HK$26.39 per share. The remaining capital of the
           employee share ownership product will be used for liquidity management. As at 29 December 2022, the H Share
           Employee Share Ownership Scheme had completed the purchase of relevant H Shares, which were locked up in
           accordance with the regulations.

     (4)   Term, lock-up period and vesting
           The term of the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme shall not exceed 60 months commencing from the
           date on which the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme is considered and approved at the general
           meeting of the Company and the target shares under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme are
           purchased as announced by the Company (i.e. 29 December 2022, same as below). Unless otherwise extended as
           reviewed by the holders’ meeting under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme and resolved and
           approved by the Board, the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme shall be automatically terminated upon
           its expiry.

           The lock-up period for the target shares under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme shall be 12
           months commencing from the date on which the H Shares under the H Share Employee Share Ownership
           Scheme are purchased in the secondary market as announced by the Company. In case of capitalization of capital
           reserves, bonus issue and refinancing by the Company during the lock-up period, the Shares newly acquired
           under the scheme due to holding of the Company’s Shares cannot be sold in the secondary market or otherwise
           disposed of. The lock-up period of such newly acquired Shares under the scheme shall be the same as that of
           their corresponding target shares.




92    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



      The units under the first grant of the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme (granted in 2022) shall be
      vested according to the performance appraisal results at the Group level and the performance appraisal results of
      the respective holder at the individual level in three batches. The specific vesting periods and vesting arrangements
      are set out below:

                                                                                          Maximum proportion of the
                                                                                        units that can be vested in the
                                                                                        total number of units granted
      Vesting period of units                                                            under the H Share Employee
      under the first grant                        Vesting schedule                          Share Ownership Scheme


      First vesting period         Commencing from the first trading day after the                                   33%
                                   expiry of the 12-month period from the date on
                                   which the target shares under the H Share
                                   Employee Share Ownership Scheme are
                                   purchased in the secondary market as announced
                                   by the Company and ending on the last trading
                                   day of the 24-month period from such date

      Second vesting period        Commencing from the first trading day after the                                   33%
                                   expiry of the 24-month period from the date on
                                   which the target shares under the H Share
                                   Employee Share Ownership Scheme are
                                   purchased in the secondary market as announced
                                   by the Company and ending on the last trading
                                   day of the 36-month period from such date

      Third vesting period         Commencing from the first trading day after the                                   34%
                                   expiry of the 36-month period from the date on
                                   which the target shares under the H Share
                                   Employee Share Ownership Scheme are
                                   purchased in the secondary market as announced
                                   by the Company and ending on the last trading
                                   day of the 48-month period from such date




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023     93
Report of the Directors



         The units under the reserved grant of the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme (granted in 2023) shall be
         vested according to the performance appraisal results at the Group level and the performance appraisal results of
         the respective holder at the individual level in three batches. The specific vesting periods and vesting arrangements
         are set out below:

                                                                                             Maximum proportion of the
                                                                                           units that can be vested in the
         Vesting period of the                                                             total number of units granted
         units under the reserved                                                           under the H Share Employee
         grant                                         Vesting schedule                         Share Ownership Scheme


         First vesting period         Commencing from the first trading day after                                       50%
                                      expiry of the 12-month period from the reserved
                                      unit grant date under the H Share Employee
                                      Share Ownership Scheme as announced by the
                                      Company and ending on the last trading day of
                                      the 24-month period from such date

         Second vesting period        Commencing from the first trading day after                                       50%
                                      expiry of the 24-month period from the reserved
                                      unit grant date under the H Share Employee
                                      Share Ownership Scheme as announced by the
                                      Company and ending on the last trading day of
                                      the 36-month period from such date


         Pursuant to the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme and under the authorization of the aforesaid
         extraordinary general meeting, on 1 September 2023, the Board and the Supervisory Committee resolved to
         grant a total of 8,990,000 units under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme to 94 proposed
         participants under the reserved grant on 1 September 2023, as the grant date of the reserved grant. On 22
         September 2023, as 14 proposed participants under the reserved grant voluntarily decided not to participate in
         the reserved grant, the Board resolved to adjust the number of the holders under the reserved grant to 80 from
         94 and the units to be granted under the reserved grant to 7,994,000 from 8,990,000. On the grant date of the
         reserved grant and the last trading day immediately preceding the grant date (i.e. 31 August 2023), the closing
         prices of the H Shares of the Company were HK$18.46 and HK$18.46 per Share, respectively. The fair value of
         the 7,994,000 H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme units granted under the reserved grant and accepted
         during the Reporting Period amounted to RMB5,887,581 on the grant date of the reserved grant.

         On 27 September 2023, the Board and the Supervisory Committee resolved that the management committee of
         the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme shall forfeit a total of 2,770,000 units under the H Share
         Employee Share Ownership Scheme granted to 10 holders in the first grant but not yet vested on the ground that
         these 10 holders in the first grant had retired or resigned.

         On 1 January 2023 and 31 December 2023, the number of units to be granted under the H Share Employee
         Share Ownership Scheme was 14,692,000 units and 0 unit, respectively.




94   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



      During the Reporting Period, the details of the changes in the shares of the H Share Employee Share Ownership
      Scheme are set out as follows:

                                                                                                                 Change during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                              (shares)                   Number of
                                                                                                     Not yet                                Lapsed/    units granted      Not yet
                                                                             Number of units     vested as at      Granted     Vested      cancelled            as at vested as at
                                                                                granted as at      1 January     during the during the    during the   31 December 31 December
                                                                              1 January 2023            2023     Reporting Reporting      Reporting             2023         2023
      Participant(s)    Grant date                Lock-up period                       (units)         (units)       Period     Period        Period           (units)      (units)


      Wu Yifang         29 November 2022(1)       From 29 December 2022 to          5,500,000      5,500,000              0           0           0       5,500,000      5,500,000
                                                     28 December 2025(2)
                                            (1)
      Wang Kexin        29 November 2022          From 29 December 2022 to          4,600,000      4,600,000              0           0           0       4,600,000      4,600,000
                                                     28 December 2025(2)
                                            (1)
      Guan Xiaohui      29 November 2022          From 29 December 2022 to          4,000,000      4,000,000              0           0           0       4,000,000      4,000,000
                                                     28 December 2025(2)
                                            (1)
      Wen Deyong        29 November 2022          From 29 December 2022 to          4,000,000      4,000,000              0           0           0       4,000,000      4,000,000
                                                     28 December 2025(2)

      Subtotal                                                                    18,100,000      18,100,000              0           0           0      18,100,000     18,100,000

                                            (1)
      Other participants 29 November 2022         From 29 December 2022 to        35,400,000      35,400,000              0           0   2,770,000      32,630,000     32,630,000
                                                     28 December 2025(2)
      Other participants 1 September 2023         From 1 September 2023 to                 —               —      7,994,000           0           0       7,994,000      7,994,000
                                                     31 August 2025(3)


      Total                                                                       53,500,000      53,500,000      7,994,000           0   2,770,000      58,724,000     58,724,000


      Notes:

      (1)        The H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme (including the first grant under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme) was
                 approved to be implemented by the Shareholders of the Company on 29 November 2022. Therefore, the grant date of the first grant
                 under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme was 29 November 2022.

      (2)        The units under the first grant granted to holders under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme shall be vested as follows upon
                 fulfilment of certain vesting conditions of the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme (including Group level performance appraisal
                 and individual level performance appraisal of the participants, please refer to the Company’s circular dated 31 October 2022 for details).


                                                                                                                                                 Maximum proportion of the
                                                                                                                                               units that can be vested in the
                 Lock-up period                                               Vesting period                                                   total number of units granted


                 From 29 December 2022 to 28 December 2023                    From 29 December 2023 to 28 December 2024                                                          33%
                 From 29 December 2022 to 28 December 2024                    From 29 December 2024 to 28 December 2025                                                          33%
                 From 29 December 2022 to 28 December 2025                    From 29 December 2025 to 28 December 2026                                                          34%


      (3)        The units under the reserved grant granted to holders under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme shall be vested as follows
                 upon fulfilment of certain vesting conditions of the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme (including Group level performance
                 appraisal and individual level performance appraisal of the participants, please refer to the Company’s circular dated 31 October 2022 for
                 details).

                                                                                                                                                 Maximum proportion of the
                                                                                                                                               units that can be vested in the
                 Lock-up period                                               Vesting period                                                   total number of units granted


                 From 1 September 2023 to 31 August 2024                      From 1 September 2024 to 31 August 2025                                                            50%
                 From 1 September 2023 to 31 August 2025                      From 1 September 2025 to 31 August 2026                                                            50%



                 The impact of the implementation of the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme on the Group’s
                 accounting costs would be calculated and amortized in accordance with the requirements of the HKFRS.




                                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023                 95
Report of the Directors



SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information publicly available to the Company and to the best knowledge of the Directors, as at the date of this
annual report, the Company has been maintaining sufficient public float as required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or applicable laws of the PRC where the
Company is incorporated.

DONATIONS

During the Reporting Period, the Group made donations of approximately RMB45.91 million.

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During the Reporting Period, the Company has entered into the following transactions with connected persons (as defined in
the Hong Kong Listing Rules):

(A) Non-exempt Connected Transactions
     1       As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 6 January 2023, on 6 January 2023, Ningbo Fuying, a
             subsidiary of the Company, and Fosun High Tech entered into two transfer agreements, pursuant to which
             Ningbo Fuying will acquire the share of equity interests subscribed and yet to be paid up by Fosun High Tech
             comprising (1) RMB64 million in the capital of Suzhou Fujian Xingyi Venture Investment Partnership (Limited
             Partnership)* (蘇州復健星熠創業投資合夥企業(有限合夥)) and (2) RMB17.50 million in the capital of Tianjin
             Fosun Haihe Healthcare Industry Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (天津復星海河醫療健康產業基金合夥企
             業(有限合夥)).

             As Fosun High Tech is a controlling shareholder of the Company, Fosun High Tech constitutes a connected person
             of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the transactions under such
             transfer agreements constitute connected transactions of the Company pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong
             Kong Listing Rules.

     2       As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 30 March 2023, on 30 March 2023, the Company
             entered into a capital increase agreement with Fosun Health Holding, pursuant to which the Company and Fosun
             Health Holding intended to make capital contribution in proportion to their respective shareholdings in Fujian
             Fund Management Company. In particular, the Company intended to subscribe for additional registered capital
             of RMB24 million in Fujian Fund Management Company.

             As Fosun Health Holding is a subsidiary of Fosun High Tech, a controlling shareholder of the Company, Fosun
             Health Holding is an associate of Fosun High Tech, and is a connected person of the Company; In addition, on
             the date of signing the above agreement, Fujian Fund Management Company is held as to 60% and 40% by the
             Company and Fosun Health Holding respectively, therefore Fujian Fund Management Company constitutes a
             connected subsidiary of the Company and a connected person of the Company. As such, the transactions under
             the capital increase agreement constitute connected transactions of the Company pursuant to Chapter 14A of
             the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




96       Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



   3    As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 30 March 2023, on 30 March 2023, Nanjing Fuxin
        Equity Investment Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (南京復鑫股權投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥)),
        a subsidiary of the Company, Nanjing Industrial Development Fund Co., Ltd.* (南京市產業發展基金有限公司),
        Nanjing Yangtze River Innovation and Entrepreneur Investment Fund (Limited Partnership)* (南京揚子江創新創業
        投資基金(有限合夥)), Ningbo Fuying, Fosun High Tech and Suzhou Loucheng International Development High
        and New Technology Industrial Investment Corporation (Limited Partnership)* (蘇州婁城國發高新技術產業投資
        企業(有限合夥)), entered into a supplemental agreement to a partnership agreement in relation to the capital
        reduction in Xingjian Ruiying Fund. As the subscribed contributions in respect of such capital reduction have yet
        been paid up, the consideration for the capital reduction is determined to be RMB nil. No consideration is payable
        by Xingjian Ruiying Fund to any of the parties to the capital reduction.

        As Fosun High Tech is a controlling shareholder of the Company, Fosun High Tech constitutes a connected person
        of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. As Fosun High Tech is one of the
        parties of such supplemental agreement, the transactions under such supplemental agreement constitute
        connected transactions of the Company pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

   4    As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 21 July 2023, on 21 July 2023, the Company and
        Ningbo Fuying, a subsidiary of the Company, and Fosun High Tech entered into two transfer agreements,
        pursuant to which (1) Ningbo Fuying intended to acquire the equity interest subscribed and paid-up in the
        amount of RMB64.00 million of Suzhou Fund and RMB52.50 million of Tianjin Fund from Fosun High Tech at a
        consideration of RMB70.47 million and RMB59.89 million, respectively, (2) the Company intended to acquire the
        equity interest subscribed and paid-up in the amount of RMB2.96 million of Suzhou Xingchen (being the GP of
        Suzhou Fund) and RMB1.48 million of Tianjin Xingyao (being the GP of Tianjin Fund) from Fosun High Tech at a
        consideration of RMB2.96 million and RMB1.48 million, respectively. Upon completion of such transfers, the
        subscribed equity interests held by the Group in Suzhou Fund, Tianjin Fund, Suzhou Xingchen and Tianjin Xingyao
        were 33%, 33%, 75% and 75%, respectively.

        As Fosun High Tech is a controlling shareholder of the Company, Fosun High Tech constitutes a connected person
        of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the transactions under such
        transfer agreements constitute connected transactions of the Company pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong
        Kong Listing Rules.

   5.   As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 5 May 2023, on 5 May 2023, the Company entered
        into the original share subscription agreement with Guangdong Shunde Science and Technology Group Co.,
        Ltd.* (廣東順德科創集團有限公司) and United Health Insurance. Each of the Company and Guangdong Shunde
        Science and Technology Group Co., Ltd. proposed to contribute capital in the amount of RMB248.8832 million
        to subscribe for 97.22 million new shares (corresponding to an additional registered capital of RMB97.22 million)
        in United Health Insurance, respectively.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023    97
Report of the Directors



          As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 19 October 2023, on 19 October 2023, the Company
          entered into a termination agreement of the share subscription agreement with Guangdong Shunde Science and
          Technology Group Co., Ltd. and United Health Insurance, pursuant to which all parties agreed to cease to
          perform the original share subscription agreement and agreed to return all paid subscription amounts and agreed
          interests by United Health Insurance to the Company and Guangdong Shunde Science and Technology Group
          Co., Ltd. On the same date, the Company entered into a new share subscription agreement with Guangzhou
          Nansha Technology Financial Holding Group Limited* (廣州南沙科金控股集團有限公司) and United Health
          Insurance, pursuant to which each of the Company and Guangzhou Nansha Technology Financial Holding Group
          Limited proposed to contribute capital in the amount of RMB248.8832 million to subscribe for 97.22 million new
          shares (corresponding to an additional registered capital of RMB97.22 million) in United Health Insurance,
          respectively. Upon completion of the transaction under the new share subscription agreement, the Company shall
          hold approximately 14% of the equity interest in United Health Insurance.

          As Fosun High Tech is a controlling shareholder of the Company, Fosun High Tech consitutes a connected person
          of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. In addition, as Fosun High Tech (through
          Shanghai Fosun Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.* (上海復星產業投資有限公司)) is interested in over 10% of the
          total equity interest in United Health Insurance, it is therefore a substantial shareholder of United Health
          Insurance. Therefore, the transaction under the new share subscription agreement constitutes a connected
          transaction of the Company pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

     6.   As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 30 October 2023, on 30 October 2023, the Company
          and Fosun Health Holding entered into an equity transfer agreement, pursuant to which the Company proposed
          to purchase the 40% equity interest in Fujian Fund Management Company held by Fosun Health Holding for a
          consideration of RMB22.2058 million. Upon the completion of the transaction under the equity transfer
          agreement, the equity interest in Fujian Fund Management Company held by the Company shall increase from
          60% to 100%.

          As Fosun Health Holding is a subsidiary of Fosun High Tech, a controlling shareholder of the Company, Fosun
          Health Holding is an associate of Fosun High Tech, and is a connected person of the Company. Therefore, the
          transaction under the equity transfer agreement constitutes a connected transaction of the Company pursuant to
          Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




98    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



    7.   As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 28 November 2023, on 28 November 2023, the
         Company issued the Right of First Refusal Waiver to Fosun Finance to waive its right of first refusal in respect of
         the 9% equity interest in Fosun Finance held by Nanjing Iron & Steel United to be transferred by it, pursuant to
         which Nanjing Iron & Steel United proposed to transfer a total of 9% equity interest it held in Fosun Finance to
         Hainan Mining and Tuopai Group for a total consideration of RMB172.990669 million. The Company did not
         receive or pay any consideration as a result of the non-exercise of the right of first refusal. After the non-exercise
         of the right of first refusal, the shareholding percentage of the Company in Fosun Finance remains unchanged (i.e.
         20%).

         As Mr. Guo Guangchang is the ultimate beneficial owner of Fosun High Tech, a controlling shareholder of the
         Company, Mr. Guo Guangchang is a connected person of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Hong
         Kong Listing Rules. As Mr. Guo Guangchang is the ultimate beneficial owner of over 30% equity interest in
         Nanjing Iron & Steel United (i.e. the transferor of the equity transfer) and each of Hainan Mining and Tuopai
         Group (i.e. the transferees of the equity transfer), Nanjing Iron & Steel United, Hainan Mining and Tuopai Group
         are associates of Mr. Guo Guangchang and also connected persons of the Company. Therefore, the non-exercise
         of the right of first refusal by the Company constitutes a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter
         14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

(B) Non-exempt Continuing Connected Transactions
    1.   As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 28 December 2020, subsidiaries Nanjing Fuxin and
         Xingjian Ruiying Fund, and Fujian Fund Management Company proposed to enter into a fund management
         agreement, pursuant to which Fujian Fund Management Company shall be the fund manager of Xingjian Ruiying
         Fund to provide fund management services for a term commencing from 1 January 2021 and ending on 31
         December 2023. The fund management agreement was entered into on 31 December 2020.

         As Fosun High Tech is a controlling shareholder of the Company, Fosun High Tech constitutes a connected person
         of the Company under Rule 14A.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. On the date of signing the above
         agreements, Fujian Fund Management Company is directly held by the Company as to 60% of its equity interest
         and indirectly held by Fosun High Tech as to 40% of its equity interest, respectively. Accordingly, Fujian Fund
         Management Company constitutes a connected subsidiary of the Company under Rule 14A.16 of the Hong Kong
         Listing Rules and a connected person of the Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the
         transactions under such fund management agreement constitute the continuing connected transactions of the
         Company pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

    2.   As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 24 November 2021, Anji Fund, Fuyao Yingchuang and
         Fujian Fund Management Company proposed to enter into a fund management agreement, pursuant to which
         Fujian Fund Management Company shall be the fund manager of Anji Fund to provide fund management services
         for a term commencing from 1 January 2022 and ending on 31 December 2024. The fund management
         agreement was entered into on 4 January 2022.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023     99
Report of the Directors



           Xuzhou Fund, Fuyao Yingchuang and Fujian Fund Management Company proposed to enter into a fund
           management agreement, pursuant to which Fujian Fund Management Company shall be the fund manager of
           Xuzhou Fund to provide fund management services for a term commencing from 1 January 2022 and ending on
           31 December 2024. The fund management agreement was entered into on 4 January 2022.

           As Fosun High Tech is a controlling shareholder of the Company, Fosun High Tech constitutes a connected person
           of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. On the date of signing the above
           agreements, Fujian Fund Management Company is directly held by the Company as to 60% of its equity interest
           and indirectly held by Fosun High Tech as to 40% of its equity interest, respectively. Accordingly, Fujian Fund
           Management Company constitutes a connected subsidiary of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.16 of the Hong
           Kong Listing Rules and a connected person of the Company pursuant to the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore,
           the transactions under such fund management agreements constitute the continuing connected transactions of
           the Company pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

     3.    As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 7 January 2022, Dalian Fund, Dalian Fujian and Fujian
           Fund Management Company proposed to enter into a fund management agreement, pursuant to which Fujian
           Fund Management Company shall be the fund manager of Dalian Fund to provide fund management services for
           a term commencing from date of signing of the fund management agreement (i.e. 17 January 2022) and ending
           on 31 December 2024.

           As Fosun High Tech is a controlling shareholder of the Company, Fosun High Tech constitutes a connected person
           of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. On the date of signing the above
           agreement, Fujian Fund Management Company is directly held by the Company as to 60% of its equity interest
           and indirectly held by Fosun High Tech as to 40% of its equity interest, respectively. Accordingly, Fujian Fund
           Management Company constitutes a connected subsidiary of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.16 of the Hong
           Kong Listing Rules and a connected person of the Company pursuant to the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore,
           the transactions under such fund management agreement constitute the continuing connected transactions of
           the Company pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

     4.    As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 24 January 2022, Suzhou Xingweilai Fund, Xingsheng
           Fuying and Fujian Fund Management Company proposed to enter into a fund management agreement, pursuant
           to which Fujian Fund Management Company shall be the fund manager of Suzhou Xingweilai Fund to provide
           fund management services for a term commencing from the first closing date of the fund and ending on 31
           December 2024. The fund management agreement was entered into on 29 January 2022.

           As Fosun High Tech is a controlling shareholder of the Company, Fosun High Tech constitutes a connected person
           of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. On the date of signing the above
           agreement, Fujian Fund Management Company is directly held by the Company as to 60% of its equity interest
           and indirectly held by Fosun High Tech as to 40% of its equity interest, respectively. Accordingly, Fujian Fund
           Management Company constitutes a connected subsidiary of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.16 of the Hong
           Kong Listing Rules and a connected person of the Company pursuant to the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore,
           the transactions under such fund management agreement constitute the continuing connected transactions of
           the Company pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




100 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



   5.   As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 29 August 2022, as well as the circular dated 31
        October 2022, on 29 August 2022, the Company entered into a financial services agreement with Fosun Finance (as
        service provider) to renew the financial services agreement expiring on 31 December 2022 for a term of three
        years commencing from 1 January 2023 and ending on 31 December 2025.

        As Fosun Finance is a subsidiary of Fosun High Tech, a controlling shareholder of the Company, Fosun Finance
        constitutes a connected person of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
        Therefore, the transactions under the renewed financial services agreement constitute continuing connected
        transactions of the Company pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

   6.   As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 22 December 2022, on 22 December 2022, the
        Company and CQ Pharma Holdings entered into a mutual supply agreement in relation to the supply of sales
        products and the purchase of procurement products, and the provision of services between the Group and CQ
        Pharma Holdings and its subsidiaries for a term of three year commencing from 1 January 2023 and ending on 31
        December 2025.

        As CQ Pharma Holdings is a substantial shareholder of Yao Pharma, an indirect non-wholly-owned major
        subsidiary of the Company, CQ Pharma Holdings constitutes a connected person of the Company at the
        subsidiary level pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the transactions under such
        mutual supply agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company pursuant to Chapter 14A
        of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

   7.   As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 22 December 2022, on 22 December 2022, the
        Company and Fosun International entered into a lessee framework agreement (the “2023 Lessee Framework
        Agreement”) in relation to the lease of relevant premises of Fosun International and/or its associates to relevant
        members of the Group, as tenant, for a term of 1 year commencing from 1 January 2023 and ending on 31
        December 2023. On the same date, the Company and Fosun International entered into a lessor framework
        agreement (the “2023 Lessor Framework Agreement”) in relation to the lease of relevant premises of Fosun
        Pharma by Fosun International and/or its associates from relevant members of the Group, as lessor, for a term of
        1 year commencing from 1 January 2023 and ending on 31 December 2023.

        As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 15 December 2023, as the 2023 Lessee Framework
        Agreement was about to expire, on 15 December 2023, the Company entered into a new lessee framework
        agreement with Fosun International to renew the 2023 Lessee Framework Agreement for a term of 1 year
        commencing from 1 January 2024 and ending on 31 December 2024. On the same date, as the 2023 Lessor
        Framework Agreement was about to expire, the Company entered into a new lessor framework agreement with
        Fosun International to renew the 2023 Lessor Framework Agreement for a term of 1 year commencing from 1
        January 2024 and ending on 31 December 2024.

        As Fosun International is a controlling shareholder of the Company, Fosun International constitutes a connected
        person of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the transactions
        under the aforesaid tenancy framework agreements constitute continuing connected transactions of the
        Company pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   101
Report of the Directors



     8.    As disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated 22 December 2022, on 22 December 2022, the
           Company and Fosun International entered into a mutual supply framework agreement (the “2023 Fosun
           International Mutual Supply Framework Agreement”) in relation to the mutual supply of products and
           provision of services between the Group and Fosun International and/or its associates, for a term of 1 year
           commencing from 1 January 2023 and ending on 31 December 2023.

           As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 15 December 2023, as the 2023 Fosun International
           Mutual Supply Framework Agreement was about to expire, on 15 December 2023, the Company entered into a
           new mutual supply framework agreement with Fosun International to renew the 2023 Fosun International Mutual
           Supply Framework Agreement for a term of 1 year commencing from 1 January 2024 and ending on 31
           December 2024.

           As Fosun International is a controlling shareholder of the Company, Fosun International constitutes a connected
           person of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the transactions
           under such mutual supply framework agreements constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company
           pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

     9.    As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 30 March 2023, Anji Innovative MedTech Fund and
           Fujian Fund Management Company proposed to enter into a fund management agreement, pursuant to which
           Fujian Fund Management Company shall be the fund manager of Anji Innovative MedTech Fund to provide fund
           management services for a term commencing from the closing date of the fund and ending on 31 December
           2025. The Anji Innovative MedTech Fund management agreement was entered into on 29 April 2023.

           Xuzhou Innovative MedTech Fund and Fujian Fund Management Company proposed to enter into a fund
           management agreement, pursuant to which Fujian Fund Management Company shall be the fund manager of
           Xuzhou Innovative MedTech Fund to provide fund management services for a term commencing from the closing
           date of the fund and ending on 31 December 2025. The Xuzhou Innovative MedTech Fund management
           agreement was entered into on 29 April 2023.

           As Fosun High Tech is a controlling shareholder of the Company, Fosun High Tech constitutes a connected person
           of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. On the date of signing the above
           agreements, Fujian Fund Management Company is directly held by the Company as to 60% of its equity interest
           and indirectly held by Fosun High Tech as to 40% of its equity interest, respectively. Accordingly, Fujian Fund
           Management Company constitutes a connected subsidiary of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.16 of the Hong
           Kong Listing Rules and a connected person of the Company pursuant to the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore,
           the transactions under the abovementioned fund management agreements constitute the continuing connected
           transactions of the Company pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

     The Company has complied and will continue to comply with relevant requirements pursuant to Chapter 14A of the
     Hong Kong Listing Rules in respect of connected transactions, including, among others, conducting annual review of
     the continuing connected transactions.




102 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



   Certain details of the continuing connected transactions during the year ended 31 December 2023 are summarized in
   the table below.

                                                                                          Actual amount Annual cap for
                                                                                          of Transaction the Transaction
   Connected persons Type of the Transaction                                                       2023            2023
                                                                                                    RMB             RMB


   Fosun International    Leasing of premises and receiving property management              51,847,639       80,000,000
     and its associates     services by the Group from Fosun International and its
                            associates (Short-term leases/Low-value leases)

                          Leasing of premises and provision of property management            1,443,672       40,000,000
                            services by the Group to Fosun International and its
                            associates (Short-term leases/Low-value leases)


                                                                                             53,291,311      120,000,000


                                                                                          Actual amount Annual cap for
                                                                                          of Transaction the Transaction
   Connected persons Type of the Transaction                                                       2023            2023
                                                                                                    RMB             RMB


   Fosun International    The Group’s acceptance of the services provided by Fosun           66,225,805      100,000,000
     and its associates     International and its associates
                          The purchase of products by the Group from Fosun                   14,001,579       80,000,000
                            International and its associates
                          The provision of services by the Group to Fosun International      15,388,911       30,000,000
                            and its associates
                          The sales of products by the Group to Fosun International          20,395,396       80,000,000
                            and its associates


                                                                                            116,011,691      290,000,000




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   103
Report of the Directors



                                                                                           Actual amount Annual cap for
                                                                                           of Transaction the Transaction
     Connected persons Type of the Transaction                                                      2023            2023
                                                                                                     RMB             RMB


     Fosun Finance        Provision of financial services by Fosun Finance to the Group:

                          (a)   Maximum daily amount of the credit facility granted          433,832,806    2,000,000,000
                                by Fosun Finance to the Group

                          (b)   Maximum daily balance of deposits placed by the             1,989,388,255   2,000,000,000
                                Group with Fosun Finance

                          (c)   Fees and charges paid by the Group to Fosun Finance                   —         1,000,000
                                for settlement services and other financial services


                                                                                           Actual amount Annual cap for
                                                                                           of Transaction the Transaction
     Connected persons Type of the Transaction                                                      2023            2023
                                                                                                     RMB             RMB


     CQ Pharma Holdings Sales of products by the Group to CQ Pharma Holdings                1,022,759,710   1,600,000,000
                          and its subsidiaries

                          Purchase of products by the Group from CQ Pharma                   182,455,124     400,000,000
                            Holdings and its subsidiaries

                          The provision of services by the Group to CQ Pharma                         —         5,000,000
                            Holdings and its subsidiaries

                          The provision of services by the Group from CQ Pharma                  905,567       20,000,000
                            Holdings and its subsidiaries


                                                                                            1,206,120,401   2,025,000,000




104 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



                                                                                                        Actual amount Annual cap for
                                                                                                        of Transaction the Transaction
   Connected persons              Type of the Transaction                                                        2023            2023
                                                                                                                  RMB             RMB


   Fujian Fund Management Provision of fund management services by Fujian Fund                               15,039,623             30,000,000
     Company                Management Company to Xingjian Ruiying Fund

                                   Provision of fund management services by Fujian Fund                        3,891,509              5,000,000
                                     Management Company to Anji Fund                                               (Note)

                                   Provision of fund management services by Fujian Fund                        3,658,019              5,000,000
                                     Management Company to Xuzhou Fund                                             (Note)

                                   Provision of fund management services by Fujian Fund                        9,433,962            10,000,000
                                     Management Company to Dalian Fund

                                   Provision of fund management services by Fujian Fund                        3,264,151            10,000,000
                                     Management Company to Suzhou Xingweilai Fund

                                   Provision of fund management services by Fujian Fund                                —            15,000,000
                                     Management Company to Anji Innovative MedTech                                  (Note)
                                     Fund

                                   Provision of fund management services by Fujian Fund                                —            15,000,000
                                     Management Company to Xuzhou Innovative                                        (Note)
                                     MedTech Fund



                                                                                                             35,287,264             90,000,000


   Note: The Company and Fosun Health Holding entered into an equity transfer agreement on 30 October 2023, pursuant to which the Company
         acquired 40% equity interest in Fujian Fund Management Company from it. Further details are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 30
         October 2023. After the completion of the aforesaid equity transfer, Fujian Fund Management Company has become a wholly-owned subsidiary
         of the Company, and as such from 1 November 2023 onwards, no longer constitute a connected person of the Company. Provision of fund
         management services by Fujian Fund Management Company to Anji Fund, Xuzhou Fund, Anji Innovative MedTech Fund and Xuzhou Innovative
         MedTech Fund will no longer constitute connected transactions.


   The Board (including independent non-executive Directors) has reviewed the continuing connected transactions as
   described above and confirmed that in 2023, such transactions have been entered into:

   (i)     in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

   (ii)    on normal commercial terms or better; and

   (iii)   in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions on terms that are fair and reasonable
           and in the interests of the Shareholders of the Company as a whole.




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023       105
Report of the Directors



      The auditors of the Company issued a letter to the Board, confirming (among which) in respect of the continuing
      connected transactions as mentioned above:

      1.    nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the disclosed continuing connected
            transactions have not been approved by the Board;

      2.    for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention
            that causes the auditors to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the
            pricing policies of the Group;

      3.    nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the transactions were not entered
            into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and

      4.    with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions, nothing has come to
            their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have
            exceeded the maximum aggregate annual cap that set up by the Company.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

During the Reporting Period, the Group entered into certain transactions with parties regarded as “related parties” under the
applicable accounting standards. Details of the related party transactions entered into by the Group during the Reporting
Period are disclosed in note 47 to the financial statements. Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed “Connected
Transactions” in this annual report, the related party transactions disclosed in note 47 were not regarded as connected
transactions or were exempt from reporting, announcement and shareholders’ approval requirements under the Hong Kong
Listing Rules.

NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed all the matters, if any, relating to the enforcement of the Deed of
Non-Competition. Fosun International Holdings, Fosun Holdings, Fosun International, Fosun High Tech, Mr. Guo Guangchang
and Mr. Wang Qunbin have provided the Company with an annual declaration of compliance with the provisions of the Deed
of Non-Competition.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Details of significant subsequent events of the Group are set out in note 53 to the financial statements.




106 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



USE OF PROCEEDS

Pursuant to the Reply on Approval for Non-Public Issuance of Shares of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. (《關
於 核 准 上 海 復 星 醫 藥（集 團）股 份 有 限 公 司 非 公 開 發行股票的批覆》) (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2021] No. 2501) by the CSRC,
the Company completed the issuance of 106,756,666 new A Shares (with a nominal value of RMB1.00 per share) in July
2022. The issuance price of the 2022 Non-public Issuance of A Shares was RMB42.00 per share, and the total amount of
proceeds raised was RMB4,483.78 million. The net amount of the aforementioned total proceeds after deducting the
issuance expenses was RMB4,456.20 million.

In order to speed up the progress of R&D of innovative drugs and improve the efficiency of the use of proceeds, taking into
account the progress of the innovative R&D projects of the Group, as approved by the 2023 first extraordinary general
meeting of the Company convened on 13 October 2023, the Company made adjustments to the use of proceeds from the
2022 Non-Public Issuance of A Shares, including (1) the proposed application of the proceeds originally planned for use in the
“intensive comprehensive base for APIs and preparations” project amounting to RMB193.14 million (being the portion that
has not been invested) to the “innovative drug clinical, license in and relevant marketing preparation” project; and (2) the
proposed optimization of the investment allocation among the sub-projects under the “innovative drug clinical, license in and
relevant marketing preparation” project, i.e. (a) reducing the investment amount from proceeds of RMB257.73 million and
RMB72.32 million (being the portion that has not been invested) in sub-projects “Balixafortide” and “Novel coronavirus
mRNA vaccines”, respectively, (b) adding the investment amount from proceeds of RMB194.07 million for sub-project “FS-
1502”, and (c) adding sub-projects “FCN-338” and “SAF-189” thereunder with investment amount from proceeds of
RMB186.21 million and RMB142.90 million, respectively. For details, please refer to the announcement dated 18 August
2023 and the circular dated 14 September 2023 of the Company.

As at 31 December 2023, RMB3,671.38 million of the net proceeds raised from the Non-public Issuance had been utilized,
details of which are as follows:

                                                                                                Unit: million   Currency: RMB

                                                                                                        Actual accumulated
                                                                                          Proposed               amount of
                                                                                        investment             the proceeds
                                                                                      amount from            invested as at
Project name                                                                          the proceeds       31 December 2023


Innovative drug clinical, license in and relevant marketing preparation                     2,607.62                 1,428.33
Intensive comprehensive base for APIs and preparations                                      1,156.16                 1,010.63
Replenishment of working capital                                                            1,232.42                 1,232.42


Total                                                                                       4,456.20                 3,671.38


As at 31 December 2023, the remaining proceeds raised from the Non-public Issuance was RMB784.82 million, which will be
invested to the proposed projects in 2024.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   107
Report of the Directors



THE MODEL CODE AND THE WRITTEN CODE

The Company has adopted the Model Code and the Written Code as its codes of conduct regarding securities transactions.
Having made specific enquiry of the Directors, all the Directors have confirmed that they have complied with the standards as
set out in the Model Code and the Written Code throughout the Reporting Period.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE CG CODE

The Company’s corporate governance practices are based on the principles and code provisions as set out in the CG Code
contained in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The Board is of the view that, during the Reporting Period, the
Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions as set out in the CG Code.

Further information on the corporate governance practices of the Company is set out in the Corporate Governance Report on
pages 112 to 122 of this annual report.

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

The Group must comply with a number of laws and regulations, which mainly include the PRC Company Law, the Civil Code
of the PRC, the Drug Administration Law of the PRC, domestic and foreign securities laws, regulations and exchange rules of
listing places such as the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Shanghai Listing Rules and the SFO, as well as other applicable
regulations, policies and regulatory legal documents promulgated pursuant to the aforementioned laws, regulations and
rules.

Through various measures such as internal control, compliance management, business approval procedures and employee
training, the Group ensures the compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and regulatory legal documents (especially
those that have significant impact on the main business). Whenever there are any changes to the applicable laws, regulations,
and regulatory legal documents, the Group will notify the relevant employees and the operating team from time to time.

During the Reporting Period, as far as the Directors of the Company were aware, there was no non-compliance with the
relevant laws and regulations which would have a material impact on the Group.

ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY AND PERFORMANCE

The Group complied with the Environmental Protection Law of the PRC, Environmental Impact Assessment Law of the PRC,
Environmental Protection Tax Law of the PRC and other laws and regulations. The Company and relevant subsidiaries have
established the EHS special committee and the EHS team to establish and continuously improve EHS-related policies and
formulate EHS management strategic objectives. Subsidiaries continued to improve the environmental management system
and operating procedures for pollution prevention and control facilities to ensure that all production processes comply with
the requirements of laws, regulations and technical specifications for ecological and environmental protection, as well as to
establish and improve environmental management ledgers to record the operation and management of pollution prevention
and control facilities, testing records and other environmental management information. For details on environmental policies
and performance, please refer to the section “Environmental Protection” of the ESG and Sustainability Report.




108 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



AUDIT COMMITTEE

As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee of the ninth session of the Board comprised independent non-
executive Directors Mr. Tang Guliang (chairman), Ms. Li Ling and Mr. Wang Quandi.

The main duties of the Audit Committee are to review and monitor the financial reporting procedures and internal control
system of the Group, and to provide recommendations and advice to the Board.

The Audit Committee of the Company has reviewed the 2023 annual results of the Group.

AUDITORS

The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been audited by Ernst & Young.

A resolution for re-appointing Ernst & Young as the auditors of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming annual
general meeting of the Company.

                                                                                                On Behalf of the Board
                                                                                                     Wu Yifang
                                                                                                     Chairman

Shanghai, PRC
26 March 2024




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   109
Supervisory Committee Report

A. DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD, THE DAILY OPERATION OF THE SUPERVISORY
   COMMITTEE IS AS FOLLOWS:

     In 2023, the ninth sessions of the Supervisory Committee of the Company carried out the work diligently, lawfully and
     efficiently in accordance with the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures for the Supervisory Committee’s
     Meeting of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. ( 《上海復星醫藥(集團)股份有限公司監事會議事規則》                              ):

     Supervisors attended relevant board meetings, and held 8 Supervisory Committee Meetings in 2023. Details are as
     follows:

     1.    On 27 March 2023, the first meeting of the ninth session of the Supervisory Committee in 2023 was convened to
           review and approve the 2022 Annual Report of the Group, the Working Report of the Supervisory Committee for
           2022, the 2022 Internal Control Assessment Report and the Special Report of the Placement and Actual Use of
           the Proceeds in 2022, and the resolution in relation to the election of Supervisors.

     2.    On 28 April 2023, the second meeting of the ninth session of the Supervisory Committee in 2023 was convened
           to review and approve the 2023 First Quarterly Report of the Group.

     3.    On 21 July 2023, the third meeting of the ninth session of the Supervisory Committee in 2023 was convened to
           review and approve the resolution in relation to the Temporary Replenishment of Working Capital with Some of
           the Idle Proceeds.

     4.    On 18 August 2023, the fourth meeting of the ninth session of the Supervisory Committee in 2023 was convened
           to review and approve the resolution in relation to the Adjustment to the Investment Amount into Some of the
           Projects Funded by Proceeds From the 2022 Non-Public Issuance and the Addition of Sub-Projects Funded by
           Proceeds.

     5.    On 29 August 2023, the fifth meeting of the ninth session of the Supervisory Committee in 2023 was convened
           to review and approve the 2023 Interim Report of the Group, the Special Report of the Placement and Actual Use
           of the Proceeds in the first half of 2023 of the Group and the 2023 Interim Internal Control Assessment Report.

     6.    On 1 September 2023, the sixth meeting of the ninth session of the Supervisory Committee in 2023 was
           convened to review and approve the resolutions in relation to the Reserved Grant of the Restricted A Shares
           Incentive Scheme and the Reserved Grant of the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme.

     7.    On 27 September 2023, the seventh meeting of the ninth session of the Supervisory Committee in 2023 was
           convened to review and approve the resolution in relation to the Repurchase and Cancellation of Certain
           Restricted A Shares that are not yet Unlocked.

     8.    On 30 October 2023, the eighth meeting of the ninth session of the Supervisory Committee in 2023 was
           convened to review and approve the 2023 Third Quarterly Report of the Group.




110 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Supervisory Committee Report



B.   INDEPENDENT OPINION OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE ON THE LAWFUL
     OPERATION OF THE COMPANY

     The Supervisory Committee is of the view that, during the Reporting Period, the operation of the Company had been
     consistent with the provisions of the PRC Company Law, the PRC Securities Law and the Articles of Association; that
     the decision-making process of the Company had been in compliance with the laws, and the Company had established
     a relatively comprehensive internal control system; and that the Directors and senior management of the Company, in
     discharging their duties, had not violated any law, regulation or the Articles of Association, nor had they acted in a way
     which is prejudicial to the interests of the Company.

C.   INDEPENDENT OPINION OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE ON THE FINANCIAL
     POSITION OF THE GROUP

     The Supervisory Committee agrees with the audit opinion issued by Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP and Ernst & Young on
     the 2023 financial report of the Group.

D. INDEPENDENT OPINION OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE ON THE ACQUISITIONS
   OR DISPOSALS OF ASSETS BY THE GROUP

     The Supervisory Committee is of the view that the Group acquired and disposed of assets at reasonable prices, and it
     was not aware of any insider dealing or any act that was prejudicial to the interests of Shareholders or resulting in any
     loss of assets of the Group during the Reporting Period.

E.   INDEPENDENT OPINION OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE ON RELATED PARTY/
     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS OF THE GROUP

     The Supervisory Committee is of the view that the related party/connected transactions of the Group were fair, and
     were not prejudicial to the interests of the Group during the Reporting Period.

F.	THE REVIEW OF THE INTERNAL CONTROL ASSESSMENT REPORT BY THE
    SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE

     The Supervisory Committee has reviewed the 2023 Internal Control Assessment Report of the Group, and considers
     that the Group has established an appropriate internal control system in all material respects. During the Reporting
     Period, the internal control system has operated efficiently, which ensures the implementation of the internal control
     measures and the normal conduct of production and operation.

                                                                                      On Behalf of the Supervisory Committee
                                                                                                     Ren Qian
                                                                                                     Chairman

Shanghai, PRC
26 March 2024




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   111
Corporate Governance Report

The Board hereby presents to the Shareholders the corporate governance report of the Group for the year ended 31 December
2023 (the “Corporate Governance Report”).

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

As a company whose shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Company
has strictly complied with relevant regulations, the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Shanghai Listing Rules and the Articles of
Association. The Company is committed to continuously improving its corporate governance structure, and optimizing its
internal management and control and its business operation in order to improve the corporate governance of the Company.

The Company’s corporate governance practices are based on the principles and Code Provisions as set out in the CG Code
contained in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

The Board believes that high corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Group to
safeguard the interests of Shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability.

The Board is of the view that throughout the Reporting Period, the Company had complied with all the applicable code
provisions as set out in the CG Code.

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules and formulated the
Written Code as its code of conduct regarding securities transactions.

Specific enquiries have been made to all the Directors, and the Directors have confirmed that they had complied with the
Model Code and the Written Code throughout the Reporting Period.

No incident of non-compliance of the Written Code by the Directors and relevant employees is noted by the Company.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Board constituted twelve members, including four executive Directors, four non-
executive Directors and four independent non-executive Directors.

The composition of the Board is as follows:

Executive Directors:
Mr. Wu Yifang (吳以芳) (Chairman)
Mr. Wang Kexin (王可心) (Co-Chairman)
Ms. Guan Xiaohui (關曉暉) (Vice Chairman)
Mr. Wen Deyong (文德鏞) (Chief Executive Officer)

Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Chen Qiyu (陳啟宇)
Mr. Yao Fang (姚方)
Mr. Xu Xiaoliang (徐曉亮)
Mr. Pan Donghui (潘東輝)




112 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Corporate Governance Report



Independent non-executive Directors:
Ms. Li Ling (李玲)
Mr. Tang Guliang (湯谷良)
Mr. Wang Quandi (王全弟)
Mr. Yu Tze Shan Hailson (余梓山)

Biographical information of the Directors is set out on pages 123 to 127 of this annual report.

The members of the Board do not have any relationship, including financial, business, family or other material or relevant
relationship, with each other.

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
During the Reporting Period, the positions of chairman and chief executive officer of the Company were served by Mr. Wu
Yifang and Mr. Wen Deyong, respectively. The chairman provides leadership and is responsible for the effective functioning
of the Board. The chief executive officer generally focuses on the business development and daily management and operation
of the Group. Their respective duties have been clearly defined in written form.

Independent Non-executive Directors
During the Reporting Period, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules relating to the
appointment of at least three independent non-executive directors with at least one of them possessing appropriate
professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise, and the independent non-executive
directors represent at least one-third of the Board.

The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect of
his/her independence in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all
independent non-executive Directors are independent.

Appointment, Removal and Re-election of Directors
Directors shall have a term of office of three years and shall be entitled to be re-appointed when the term of office expires
provided that the term of office of independent non-executive Directors shall not exceed six years. The Company has entered
into a service contract with each executive Director and a letter of appointment with each non-executive Director and
independent non-executive Director for a term of three years of each session (unless otherwise required by relevant laws and
regulations). The appointment and removal of Directors shall be approved by Shareholders in the general meeting.

Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and the Management
The Board is responsible for leadership and control of the Company and oversees the Group’s businesses, strategic decisions
and performance and is collectively responsible for promoting the development of the Group by directing and supervising its
affairs. Directors shall make decisions objectively in the interests of the Company.

All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of
valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective operation.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   113
Corporate Governance Report



All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company as well as the services and advice from the
joint company secretaries and senior management to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. The
Directors may also, upon request, seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s
expense for discharging their duties to the Company.

The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them and the Board regularly reviews the
contribution required from each Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the Company.

The Board reserves for its decision as to all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal control
and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information,
appointment of directors and other significant operational matters of the Group. Responsibilities relating to implementing
decisions of the Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and management of the Group are delegated to the
senior management.

Continuous Professional Development of Directors
Directors shall keep abreast of responsibilities as a director of the Company and of the conduct, business activities and
developments of the Group. The Directors make full use of various channels to participate in trainings in respect of operations
of listed companies and continuously enhance their performance capabilities, including but not limited to various types of
special training/forums and continuous professional development courses, as well as the implementation briefings of
regulatory communications/listing rules published by each stock exchange where the Company is listed.

Every newly appointed Director will receive formal, comprehensive and tailored induction when he/she was first appointed to
ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Group and full awareness of his/her responsibilities
and obligations under the Hong Kong Listing Rules and relevant laws and regulations.

All Directors had participated in a continuous professional development program during the Reporting Period in order to
refresh their knowledge and skills to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant. All Directors
are encouraged to attend relevant training courses at the Company’s expense.

According to the records maintained by the Company, for the year ended 31 December 2023, all Directors received training
with an emphasis on the roles, functions and duties as a director of a listed company in compliance with the code provisions
relating to continuous professional development under the CG Code. In addition, relevant training, reading materials and
legal and regulatory updates have been provided to the Directors for their reference and studying. The continuous
professional development records of the Directors for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in the table on page 117
of this annual report.

BOARD COMMITTEES

As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Board had established five committees, namely, Strategic Committee, Audit
Committee, Nomination Committee, Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and Environmental, Social and Governance
Committee, for overseeing all aspects of the Group’s affairs. All Board committees of the Company are established with
defined written terms of reference. The terms of reference of the Board committees are posted on the Company’s website
(http://www.fosunpharma.com) and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and are available
to Shareholders upon request.




114 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Corporate Governance Report



The majority of the members of each Board committee (except the Strategic Committee) are independent non-executive
Directors, and the list of the chairman and members of each Board committee is set out under “Corporate Information” on
page 2 of this annual report.

Strategic Committee
The primary responsibilities of the Strategic Committee are to research and advise on the strategic planning of the Group’s
medium and long-term development and major issues affecting the Group’s development, and to approve research reports
on development strategy.

During the Reporting Period, the Strategic Committee held 1 meeting to research and advise on the strategic planning of the
Group’s 2023-to-2033 period and medium and long-term development.

Audit Committee
The main duties of the Audit Committee are to assist the Board to review the financial information and periodic reports, to
review and monitor internal control procedures and its risk management system, to review and monitor the effectiveness of
the internal audit function, to review and inspect the appointment and removal of external auditors, to formulate and review
the Company’s corporate governance and practices, and to make recommendations on the above matters.

During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee held 14 meetings to review periodic reports, audit plan, internal control
implementation, major and ongoing related party/connected transactions, and make recommendations to the Group on
strengthening the internal control system.

During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee also held 2 meetings with the external auditors without the presence of
the executive Directors.

Nomination Committee
The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include reviewing the Board composition, developing and formulating
relevant procedures for the nomination and appointment of Directors and senior management, making recommendations to
the Board on the appointment and succession planning of Directors, assessing the independence of independent non-
executive Directors and reviewing the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management.

The Board has adopted a nomination policy, setting out the standards and procedures for nomination and appointment of
directors, to ensure the members of the Board have the skills, knowledge, experience and diversity that meet the business
requirements of the Group and to ensure the continuity of the Board and maintain its leadership, for the nomination of
candidates for directorship of the Company by making reference to the skills, experience, professional knowledge, personal
integrity and time commitments of such individuals, the Group’s needs and other relevant statutory requirements and
regulations.

During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee held 2 meetings to discuss, approve and make recommendations to
the Board on matters relating to the selection of senior management of the Company. The Nomination Committee
considered an appropriate balance of diversity of the Board had been maintained.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   115
Corporate Governance Report



Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
The primary duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee include formulating, reviewing and making
recommendations to the Board on the remuneration policy and structure for Directors and senior management, reviewing the
performance of duties by Directors and senior management as well as reviewing their annual performance appraisal and
remuneration packages.

During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held 3 meetings to review the performance
appraisal and remuneration packages of the executive Directors and senior management of the Company during the prior
year and the appraisal plan for the current year, to discuss and review the reserved grant and share repurchase of the
Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme and the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme of the Company, and to make
recommendations to the Board. The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is of the view that the implementation of the
reserved grant of the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme and the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme shall promote
the establishment and improvement of the incentive and restraint mechanism of the Group, fully mobilize the enthusiasm of
the senior management personnel of the Company and employees of the Group, effectively align the interests of the
Company and Shareholders with the interests of the participants to focus the long-term development and achieve the
development goals of the Group.

ESG Committee
The primary duties of the ESG Committee include formulating the ESG vision, targets, strategies and structure and reviewing
the implementation of the ESG vision, strategies and structure, evaluating the external and internal impacts of ESG efforts,
obtaining feedbacks on ESG efforts from internal and external consultants or experts, reviewing the reports on relevant
results, reviewing the progress of the fulfillment of ESG goals, and making recommendations on the improvement for ESG
efforts in the next phase.

During the Reporting Period, the ESG Committee held 2 meetings to review the 2022 ESG report and the working plan for
the 2023 ESG and Sustainability Report of the Group, and make recommendations to the Board.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE RESPONSIBILITIES

The Board is responsible for performing the functions as set out in Code Provision A.2.1 of the CG Code to ensure that the
Company has established comprehensive corporate governance practices and procedures. During the Reporting Period, the
Board:

(1)   established (modified) and reviewed the corporate governance policies and practices of the Company as well as made
      relevant recommendations;

(2)   reviewed and monitored the training and continuous development of the Directors and senior management;

(3)   reviewed and monitored the policies and practices of the Company regarding the compliance of relevant legal and
      regulatory requirements;

(4)   established (modified), reviewed and monitored the code of conduct for Directors and employees; and

(5)   reviewed as to whether the Company has complied with the CG Code and made disclosures in the Corporate
      Governance Report.




116 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Corporate Governance Report



ATTENDANCE RECORD OF DIRECTORS AND COMMITTEE MEMBERS

The attendance record of each Director at the Board meetings and Board committee meetings of the Company held for the
year ended 31 December 2023 is set out in the table below:

                                                                 Attendance/Number of Meetings
                                                                             Remuneration                                                    Continuous
                                               Strategic   Audit Nomination and Appraisal      ESG                              General     Professional
Name of Directors                      Board Committee Committee Committee     Committee Committee                              Meeting(1) Development


Executive Directors
Mr. Wu Yifang                           20/20         1/1(C)                                                         2/2(M)            4/4                  
Mr. Wang Kexin                          20/20                                                                                          4/4                  
Ms. Guan Xiaohui(2)                     20/20                                                                        1/1(M)            4/4                  
Mr. Wen Deyong                          20/20                                                                                          4/4                  

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Chen Qiyu                           20/20         1/1(M)                                           3/3(M)                          0/4                  
Mr. Yao Fang                            20/20         1/1(M)                                                                           1/4                  
Mr. Xu Xiaoliang                        20/20         1/1(M)                                                                           0/4                  
Mr. Pan Donghui                         20/20                                       2/2(M)             3/3(M)                          0/4                  

Independent Non-executive
  Directors
Ms. Li Ling                             20/20         1/1(M)      14/14(M)          2/2(M)                           2/2(M)            3/4                  
Mr. Tang Guliang                        20/20                     14/14(C)                             3/3(M)                          4/4                  
Mr. Wang Quandi(3)                      20/20                     14/14(M)           2/2(C)            3/3(M)        1/1(M)            4/4                  
Mr. Yu Tsz Shan Hailson                 20/20                                                          3/3(C)        2/2(C)            4/4                  


Notes:

(1)      During the Reporting Period, the Company held a total of 4 general meetings, including 1 annual general meeting, 1 extraordinary general meeting, 1 A
         Shareholders class meeting and 1 H Shareholders class meeting.

(2)      Ms. Guan Xiaohui was appointed as a member of the ESG Committee on 30 October 2023. During her term of office in the Reporting Period, she was
         required to attend 1 meeting of the ESG Committee.

(3)      Mr. Wang Quandi was appointed as a member of the ESG Committee on 30 October 2023. During his term of office in the Reporting Period, he was
         required to attend 1 meeting of the ESG Committee.

(4)      (C) — Chairman of the committee; (M) — Committee member.


During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company convened a meeting among the chairman and independent non-
executive Directors only without the presence of other Directors.




                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023        117
Corporate Governance Report



DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31
December 2023. The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast
significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. The statement of the independent auditors of the
Company about their reporting responsibilities on the financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditors’ Report on
pages 262 to 267.

AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION

The remuneration paid to the external auditors of the Company in respect of audit services for the annual report for the year
ended 31 December 2023 amounted to RMB4.66 million. There is no remuneration paid to external auditors in respect of
significant non-audit services.

INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board, particularly the Audit Committee, is responsible for maintaining sound and effective internal control systems in
order to safeguard the Group’s assets and Shareholders’ interests, and reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of the
Group’s internal control and risk management systems on a regular basis in order to ensure that the internal control and risk
management systems in place are adequate. The Company conducts reviews of the effectiveness of the internal control
systems on a regular basis in order to ensure that they are able to satisfy and deal with different scenarios and the dynamic
business environment.

During the Reporting Period, the Board, through the Audit Committee, conducted an annual review of the effectiveness on
the internal control system of the Group, including review of all the Group’s material controls, including financial operations
and compliance controls and risk management functions, as well as review of the adequacy of accounting, internal audit,
financial reporting functions, as well as resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programs and budget relating
to the Group’s ESG performance and reporting.

Through years of optimization, the Group proactively promoted the continuous improvement of internal control management
system in terms of internal environment, risk assessment, activity control, information and communication, as well as internal
supervision. Meanwhile, through internal inspection and supervision, communication and feedback, the Group can ensure
the effective implementation of relevant administrative rules, smooth communication of feedback received, discovery of
defaults and timely rectification. During the Reporting Period, the Group has maintained effective internal control in
accordance with rules under laws and regulations and requirements of internal control. Operations were conducted normally,
orderly and effectively.

In respect of the procedures for handling and announcement of inside information and internal control measures, the
Company has adopted the Management System for Person Accessing to Inside Information, aiming to further regulate the
management of inside information and person accessing to inside information.

The Board believes that existing internal control system was adequate and effective during the Reporting Period.




118 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Corporate Governance Report



JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

As at the end of the Reporting Period, Ms. Dong Xiaoxian and Ms. Kam Mei Ha Wendy of Tricor Services Limited, an external
service provider, were the joint company secretaries of the Company. The primary contact person for Ms. Kam Mei Ha Wendy
was Ms. Dong Xiaoxian, who was a vice president, secretary to the Board and a joint company secretary of the Company.
During the Reporting Period, both Ms. Dong Xiaoxian and Ms. Kam Mei Ha Wendy attended no less than 15 hours of
professional training.

DIVERSITY

In August 2013, the Company adopted the Board Diversity Policy, which has been made available on the Company’s website.
The Nomination Committee, in nominating and appointing new Board members, shall consider a range of diversity
perspectives pursuant to the Policy, including but not limited to gender, age, culture and education background, professional
experience, skills, knowledge and term of service, and make the final decision based on the merits and contribution that the
candidate will bring to the Board. When nominating a successive director, the Nomination Committee will also adopt
measures, including taking into consideration of the gender of the former director and successive director, to ensure the
gender diversity of the Board. The Nomination Committee will review the Policy from time to time to ensure its continued
effectiveness. The Nomination Committee viewed that during the Reporting Period, the relevant diversity elements have been
substantially included into the Board composition. An analysis of the Board’s diversity as at the end of the Reporting Period is
set out as follows:

                              12
                                                             65–74            Doctoral
                                      Female
                                                            years old          degree
                                        (2)
                                                               (2)               (2)
                                                  ED
                              10                  (4)                                         ≥36 months
                                                                                                  (7)
                                                             55–64
                                                            years old
                                                               (3)
                                  8




            Number of Directors
                                                 NED
                                  6               (4)                         Master’s
                                                                              degree
                                                                                (8)
                                      Male                                                   ≥18 months
                                      (10)                                                       and
                                  4                                                          <36 months
                                                                                                  (4)
                                                             45–54
                                                            years old
                                                               (7)
                                                 INED
                                  2               (4)

                                                                             Bachelor’s
                                                                              degree
                                                                                (2)           <18 months
                                                                                                  (1)
                                  0
                                      Gender   Capacity    Age group        Education      Length of service
                                                                           background         on Board


In December 2022, the Company also adopted the Diversity Policy of Employees to protect employees free from race, color,
gender, religion, nationality, disability, marital status, retirement status, sexual orientation, gender identity or other legally
protected status, so that all employees gained a sense of belonging, respect and value. Please refer to the section headed
“Diversity and Equal Opportunity” in the ESG and Sustainability Report for the analysis of the employees’ diversity of the
Group as at the end of the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023   119
Corporate Governance Report



RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDERS

To safeguard the interests and rights of the Shareholders, a separate resolution is proposed for each substantially separate
issue at the general meetings, including the election of individual Directors. All resolutions put forward at the general
meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Hong Kong Listing Rules except where the chairman of the meeting, in
good faith, decides to allow a resolution which relates merely to a procedural or administrative matter to be voted on by a
show of hands, and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company and of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange after
each the general meeting.

(1)	Shareholder’s Requests to Convene an Extraordinary General Meeting
     Pursuant to Article 71 of the Articles of Association, if Shareholders require the convening of an extraordinary general
     meeting or a class general meeting, the following procedures shall be followed:

     (i)     Shareholder(s) individually or jointly holding more than ten percent (10%) of the Company’s shares shall have the
             right to make a request to the Board for the holding of an extraordinary general meeting, which request shall be
             in writing. The Board shall, in accordance with the laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association,
             make a written response as to whether or not it agrees that an extraordinary general meeting should be held
             within ten (10) days after receipt of such request.

     (ii)    If the Board agrees to convene an extraordinary general meeting, it shall serve a notice of such general meeting
             within five (5) days after the resolution has been made by the Board. Any change to the original proposal set
             forth in the notice shall be subject to approval by the relevant Shareholders.

     (iii)   If the Board does not agree to convene an extraordinary general meeting or fails to give a written reply within ten
             (10) days after receipt of the request, the Shareholder(s) individually or jointly holding more than ten percent (10%)
             of shares of the Company shall have the right to request the Supervisory Committee to convene an extraordinary
             general meeting, and shall put forward such request to the Supervisory Committee in writing.

     (iv)    If the Supervisory Committee agrees to convene an extraordinary general meeting, it shall serve a notice of such
             general meeting within five (5) days after receipt of the said request. In the event of any change to the original
             request set forth in the notice, the consent of the relevant Shareholders shall be obtained.

     (v)     If the Supervisory Committee fails to serve the notice of such general meeting within the prescribed period, it
             shall be deemed as having failed to convene and preside over the general meeting, and the Shareholder(s)
             individually or jointly holding ten percent (10%) or more shares of the Company for ninety (90) consecutive days
             may convene and preside over the meeting on their own, the procedures for convening such meeting shall follow
             those for convening a general meeting by the Board as closely as practicable.

     (vi)    When the Shareholders convene a general meeting as the Board has failed to convene the meeting pursuant to
             the aforesaid provision, the reasonable expense incurred shall be borne by the Company and shall be deducted
             from the outstanding amounts payable by the Company to the defaulting Directors.




120 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Corporate Governance Report



(2)	Proposals of General Meetings
    Pursuant to Article 76 of the Articles of Association, Shareholder(s) individually or jointly holding more than three
    percent (3%) of the shares of the Company shall have the right to propose motions to the Company, and the Company
    shall include in the agenda of the said general meeting the matters of the said motions falling within the functions and
    powers of general meetings. In addition, Shareholder(s) individually or jointly holding more than three percent (3%) of
    the shares of the Company may submit written provisional motion(s) to the convener ten (10) days before a general
    meeting is convened. The convener shall serve a supplementary notice of general meeting within two (2) days after
    receipt of the motion(s) and announce the contents thereof.

(3)	Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board
    If any shareholder wants to raise any enquiries to the Board, such Shareholder may send written enquiries to the
    Company.

    Note: The Company normally does not deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.


(4)	Primary Contact Persons
    Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the Company by means of facsimile, email or
    post. The details of contact are as follows:

    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
    Address: Building A, No. 1289 Yishan Road, Shanghai, China
    Fax: 8621-33987871
    Email: ir@fosunpharma.com

    For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholders must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition, notice,
    statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address, apart from the registered office of the Company in
    Hong Kong, China, and provide their full name, contact details and identification in order to give effect thereto.
    Shareholders’ information will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   121
Corporate Governance Report



COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS/INVESTOR RELATIONS

The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and
investors’ understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company endeavors to maintain an on-
going dialogue with Shareholders and in particular, through annual general meetings and other general meetings of the
Company.

As illustrated above, the Company has listed the rights of shareholders of the Company and the channels for shareholders to
express or solicit opinions from shareholders, so that shareholders can understand their rights and how to exercise them. The
Company also reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholder communication policy during the Reporting
Period.

Based on the authorization granted at the 2022 second extraordinary general meeting, the 2022 second A Shareholders class
meeting and the 2022 second H Shareholders class meeting of the Company, the Board approved the resolutions in relation
to the amendments to Article 21 and Article 24 to the Articles of Association on 22 September 2023 and 28 November 2023,
respectively. The latest version of the Articles of Association is available at the Company’s website and the website of Hong
Kong Stock Exchange.

To promote effective communication, the Company maintains an official website at http://www.fosunpharma.com, where
information and updates on the Group’s business developments and operation, financial information, corporate governance
practices and other information are available for public access.




122 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Biographical Details of Directors,
Supervisors and Senior Management

DIRECTORS

Mr. Wu Yifang (吳以芳), aged 54, was appointed as an executive Director of the Company in August 2016 and the
chairman of the Company in October 2020. Mr. Wu joined the Group in April 2004 and served as a senior vice president,
chief operating officer, president and chief executive officer of the Company. Mr. Wu is currently a non-executive director of
Sisram Medical (stock code: 01696), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and a non-executive director of
Shanghai Henlius (stock code: 02696), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. He has been serving as a senior
vice president of Fosun International (stock code: 00656), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, since January
2023. Mr. Wu was the chairman of the supervisory committee of Sinopharm (stock code: 01099), a company listed on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and a non-executive director of Gland Pharma (stock code: GLAND), a company listed on the
BSE and the NSE. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Wu served at Xuzhou Biochemical Pharmaceutical Factory* (徐州生物化學製
藥廠), Xuzhou (Wanbang) Biopharmaceuticals Manufactures Plant* (徐州(萬邦)生物化學製藥廠), and Xuzhou Wanbang
Biochemical Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (徐州萬邦生化製藥有限公司) and Wanbang Pharma (where Xuzhou Biochemical
Pharmaceutical Factory* (徐州生物化學製藥廠), Xuzhou (Wanbang) Biopharmaceuticals Manufactures Plant* (徐州(萬邦)生
物化學製藥廠) and Xuzhou Wanbang Biochemical Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (徐州萬邦生化製藥有限公司) were predecessors
of Wanbang Pharma, a subsidiary of the Company). Mr. Wu is currently an executive member of China Society for Drug
Regulation (中國藥品監督管理研究會), a vice chairman of China News of Drug Information Association (中國醫藥新聞信息
協會), a vice chairman of China Pharmaceutical Enterprise Association (中國醫藥企業管理協會), a vice chairman of China
Pharmaceutical Industry Association (中國化學製藥工業協會), a vice chairman of China Non-prescription Medicines
Association (中國非處方藥物協會), a vice chairman of the Shanghai Pharmaceutical Profession Association (上海醫藥行業協會),
a vice chairman of the China Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment (中國外商投資企業協會), and a deputy to
the 14th People’s Congress of Jiangsu province. Mr. Wu graduated from Nanjing University of Science and Technology
majoring in international commerce and obtained a master’s degree in business administration from Saint Joseph’s University
in the U.S.

Mr. Wang Kexin (王可心), aged 59, was appointed as an executive Director of the Company in December 2021 and the co-
chairman of the Company in June 2022. Mr. Wang joined the Group in June 2010 and served as a vice president, a senior
vice president, the co-president and chief investment officer, and the vice chairman of the Company. From January 2022 to
July 2023, Mr. Wang served as a vice president of Fosun International (stock code: 00656), a company listed on the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange. He has been serving as a senior vice president of Fosun International since July 2023. Prior to joining
the Group, Mr. Wang served as the deputy general manager of Sea Rainbow Holding Corporation* (海虹控股醫藥電子商務
有限公司), the marketing director of Kunming Pharmaceutical Group Corporation Limited* (昆明製藥集團股份有限公司) (stock
code: 600422), a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange, the general manager of Kunming Pharmaceutical Retail
Company Limited* (昆明製藥藥品銷售有限公司), the general manager of Beijing Huali Jiuzhou Medical Company Limited* (北
京華立九州醫藥有限公司), the vice president of Chongqing Huali Pharmaceutical Industry Company Limited* (重慶華立藥業
股份有限公司) (former stock code: 000607), a company formerly listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, and the chairman
of Beijing Tianren Hexin Pharmaceutical Company Limited* (北京天仁合信醫藥經營有限責任公司). Mr. Wang is a deputy to
the 14th People’s Congress of Liaoning province. Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree of medicine from Shenyang
Pharmaceutical University (formerly known as Shenyang Pharmaceutical College).




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   123
Biographical Details of Directors,
Supervisors and Senior Management



Ms. Guan Xiaohui (關曉暉), aged 52, was appointed as an executive Director of the Company in December 2021 and the
vice chairman of the Company in January 2022. Ms. Guan joined the Group in May 2000 and served as the assistant to the
president, general manager of the financial department, chief accountant, vice president and chief accountant, senior vice
president and chief financial officer, the executive president and chief financial officer of the Company. Ms. Guan is currently
a non-executive director of Shanghai Henlius (stock code: 02696), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the
chairman of the supervisory committee of Sinopharm (stock code: 01099), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange, and a vice-president of Fosun International (stock code: 00656), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange. Ms. Guan served as a non-executive director of Sinopharm (stock code: 01099), a company listed on the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange, and a non-executive director of Gland Pharma (stock code: GLAND), a company listed on the BSE and
the NSE. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Guan worked at Jiangxi Branch of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China. Ms.
Guan graduated from Jiangxi University of Finance and Economics with a bachelor’s degree in economics, and graduated
from the Chinese University of Hong Kong with a master’s degree of professional accountancy. Ms. Guan has the
qualifications of a Chinese Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and is a member of the Association of Chartered Certified
Accountants (ACCA).

Mr. Wen Deyong (文德鏞), aged 52, was appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company in June 2022 and an
executive Director of the Company in August 2022. Mr. Wen joined the Group in May 2002. He worked several positions
including a vice president, a senior vice president, the co-president and the president of the Company. Mr. Wen is currently a
non-executive director of Shanghai Henlius (stock code: 02696), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, a non-
executive director of Sinopharm (stock code: 01099), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, a director of
China National Medicines Corporation Ltd.* (國藥集團藥業股份有限公司) (stock code: 600511), a company listed on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange, and the chairman of the supervisory committee of China National Accord Medicines Corporation
Ltd. (stock code: 000028), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. Mr. Wen was a director of Anhui Sunhere
Pharmaceutical Excipients Co., Ltd.* (安徽山河藥用輔料股份有限公司) (stock code: 300452), a company listed on the
Shenzhen Stock Exchange. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Wen worked at Chongqing Yaoyou Factory VI* (重慶製藥六廠),
the predecessor of Chongqing Yaoyou Pharmacy Co., Ltd.* (重慶藥友製藥有限責任公司), a subsidiary of the Company. Mr.
Wen is currently a deputy of the 16th People’s Congress of Shanghai Municipality, a vice president of Shanghai Licensed
Pharmacist Association (上海執業藥師協會), a vice president of China Association of Pharmaceutical Commerce (中國醫藥商
業協會), and a member of Chinese Preventive Medicine Association (中華預防醫學會). Mr. Wen graduated from West China
University of Medical Science majoring in pharmacy, which is now known as West China Medical Center of Sichuan
University, and obtained a master’s degree in business administration from Donghua University.




124 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Biographical Details of Directors,
Supervisors and Senior Management



Mr. Chen Qiyu (陳啟宇), aged 51, was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Company in October 2020. Mr. Chen
was the Company’s secretary to the Board, general manager, vice chairman, executive Director and chairman from April 1994
to October 2020. Mr. Chen is currently the chairman of Fosun High Tech, an executive director and a co-chief executive
officer of Fosun International (stock code: 00656), a non-executive director and vice chairman of Sinopharm (stock code:
01099) and a non-executive director of Shanghai Henlius (stock code: 02696), all of which are companies listed on the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange, and a non-executive director of Gland Pharma (stock code: GLAND), a company listed on the BSE and
the NSE. Mr. Chen was a non-executive director of Babytree Group, a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock
code: 01761), a co-chairman of the board of New Frontier Health Corporation (former stock code: NFH), which was delisted
from the New York Stock Exchange in January 2022 and merged into Unicorn II Holdings Limited, and a director of Beijing
Sanyuan Foods Co., Ltd.* (北京三元食品股份有限公司) (stock code: 600429), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock
Exchange. Mr. Chen is the chairman of China Medical Pharmaceutical Material Association (中國醫藥物資協會), vice
president of China Pharmaceutical Industry Research and Development Association (中國醫藥創新促進會), honorary chairman
and chief supervisor of the Shanghai Biopharmaceutical Industry Association (上海市生物醫藥行業協會), a member of the
14th Standing Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference of Shanghai Municipality, and a part-
time vice chairman of Shanghai Federation of Industry and Commerce (General Chamber of Commerce) (上海市工商業聯合
會(總商會)). Mr. Chen obtained a bachelor’s degree of science in genetics from Fudan University and EMBA from China
Europe International Business School.

Mr. Yao Fang (姚方), aged 54, was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Company in October 2020. Mr. Yao was
the Company’s general manager, president and chief executive officer, executive Director, vice chairman and co-chairman
from April 2010 to October 2020. Mr. Yao is currently an executive president of Fosun International (stock code: 00656), a
company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and a non-executive director of Gland Pharma (stock code: GLAND), a
company listed on the BSE and the NSE. From May 2021 to February 2024, Mr. Yao was a vice chairman of Beijing Sanyuan
Foods Co., Ltd.* (北京三元食品股份有限公司) (stock code: 600429), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. Prior
to joining the Group, from 1993 to 2009, Mr. Yao was successively the assistant general manager of the international
business department of Shanghai Wanguo Securities Company Limited* (上海萬國證券有限公司), now known as Shenwan
Hongyuan Group Co., Ltd.* (申萬宏源集團股份有限公司), general manager of Shanghai Industrial Assets Management
Company Limited* (上海上實資產經營有限公司), general manager of Shanghai Industrial Management (Shanghai) Company
Limited* (上實管理(上海)有限公司), managing director of Shanghai Industrial Pharmaceutical Investment Company Limited* (上
海實業醫藥投資股份有限公司), a company delisted from the Shanghai Stock Exchange in February 2010, chairman of
Shanghai Overseas Company* (上海海外公司), non-executive director of Lianhua Supermarket Holdings Co., Ltd.* (聯華超市
股份有限公司) (stock code: 00980), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and executive director of Shanghai
Industrial Holdings Limited* (上海實業控股有限公司) (stock code: 00363), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange. Mr. Yao obtained a bachelor’s degree of economics from Fudan University and a master’s degree of business
administration from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   125
Biographical Details of Directors,
Supervisors and Senior Management



Mr. Xu Xiaoliang (徐曉亮), aged 50, was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Company in June 2019. Mr. Xu is
currently a director and general manager of Fosun High Tech, an executive director and co-chief executive officer of Fosun
International (stock code: 00656), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, an executive director and chairman
of Fosun Tourism (stock code: 01992), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, a director of Shanghai Yuyuan
Tourist Mart (Group) Co., Ltd. (上海豫園旅游商城(集團)股份有限公司) (stock code: 600655), a company listed on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange, and a director of Shanghai Foyo Culture & Entertainment Co., Ltd.* (上海復娛文化傳播股份有限
公司) (delisted from NEEQ in April 2021). Mr. Xu was a non-executive director and vice chairman of Zhaojin Mining Industry
Company Limited* (招金礦業股份有限公司) (stock code: 01818), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, a
director of Shanghai Resource Property Consulting Co., Ltd.* (上海策源置業顧問股份有限公司) (delisted from NEEQ in
December 2020), and a director of Hainan Mining Co., Ltd.* (海南礦業股份有限公司) (stock code: 601969), a company
listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. Mr. Xu is currently a deputy of the 16th People’s Congress of Shanghai Municipality,
and the chairman of the Shanghai International Fashion Federation (上海國際時尚聯合會), Mr. Xu graduated from Innova
Education School of Singapore with a diploma, obtained a master’s degree in business administration from the East China
Normal University and EMBA from Fudan University.

Mr. Pan Donghui (潘東輝), aged 54, was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Company in June 2020. Mr. Pan is
currently the executive president and chief human resources officer of Fosun International (stock code: 00656), a company
listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and has severed as an executive director of Fosun International (stock code: 00656),
a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, since March 2023. Mr. Pan is also currently a non-executive director of
Fosun Tourism (stock code: 01992), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and a director of Shanghai Foyo
Culture & Entertainment Co., Ltd.* (上海復娛文化傳播股份有限公司) (delisted from NEEQ in April 2021). Mr. Pan was a non-
executive director of Linekong Interactive Group Co., Ltd. (stock code: 08267), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange, a director of Shanghai Ganglian E-Commerce Holdings Co., Ltd.* (上海鋼聯電子商務股份有限公司) (stock code:
300226), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, and the chairman of the supervisory committee of Shanghai
Ganglian E-Commerce Holdings Co., Ltd.* (上海鋼聯電子商務股份有限公司) from May 2020 to May 2023. Mr. Pan worked
at Zhejiang Ningbo Tiandi Group Co., Ltd.* (浙江寧波天地(集團)股份有限公司, now known as Ningbo Tiandi (Group) Co.,
Ltd.* (寧波天地(集團)股份有限公司)). Mr. Pan obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering from Shanghai Jiaotong
University, and a master’s degree in business administration from the University of Southern California in the U.S.

Ms. Li Ling (李玲), aged 62, was appointed as the Company’s independent non-executive Director in June 2019. As an
expert in health economics, Ms. Li is experienced in research in the areas such as medical and health policy, health economics,
economics of ageing and economic growth, and has published many research outcomes. Ms. Li is currently an economics
professor and a Ph.D. supervisor of National School of Development at Peking University, the director of Research Center of
China Healthy Development at Peking University and concurrently serves as an independent non-executive director of JD
Health International Inc.* (京東健康股份有限公司) (stock code: 06618), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
Ms. Li served as a lecturer at Wuhan University, an assistant to professor and an associate professor with tenure at the
Department of Economics of Towson University, as well as a deputy director, an economics professor and a Ph.D. supervisor
at China Center for Economic Research of Peking University. Ms. Li is also a member of the State Council Health Reform
Advisory Commission, an advisor to the Beijing Municipal Government, and a vice chairman of the China Association of
Gerontology and Geriatrics (中國老年學和老年醫學學會). Ms. Li obtained a bachelor’s degree in physics from Wuhan
University, and obtained a master’s degree and a doctoral degree in economics from University of Pittsburgh in the U.S.




126 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Biographical Details of Directors,
Supervisors and Senior Management



Mr. Tang Guliang (湯谷良), aged 61, was appointed as the Company’s independent non-executive Director in June 2019.
As an expert in financial accounting, Mr. Tang has extensive experience in management accounting, corporate investment
and financing, group management and control, and corporate finance and accounting digital transformation, and has
published many research outcomes. Mr. Tang is currently a professor at the Department of Economics of International
Business School of University of International Business and Economics, and concurrently served as an independent director of
Jointown Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.* (九州通醫藥集團股份有限公司) (stock code: 600998), a company listed on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange, an independent director of Chongqing Changan Automobile Company Limited* (重慶長安汽車股
份有限公司) (stock code: 000625), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, an independent director of Three
Gorges Capital Holdings Co., Ltd.*(三峽資本控股有限責任公司), an independent director of JIC Leasing Co., Ltd.* (中建投租
賃股份有限公司). Mr. Tang was an assistant lecturer, lecturer, associate professor and professor at the Accounting
Department of Beijing Business School (currently Beijing Technology and Business University), the dean and professor at
School of Accounting of Beijing Technology and Business University, and the dean of International Business School of
University of International Business and Economics. He also served an independent director of Appotronics Corporation
Limited* (深圳光峰科技股份有限公司) (stock code: 688007), a company listed on the STAR Market of the Shanghai Stock
Exchange, from July 2018 to December 2023. Mr. Tang is a non-practicing member of The Chinese Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. Mr. Tang obtained a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Beijing Business School (currently Beijing
Technology and Business University), a master’s degree in accounting from Beijing Business School, and a doctoral degree in
finance from Chinese Academy of Fiscal Sciences under the Ministry of Finance.

Mr. Wang Quandi (王全弟), aged 73, was appointed as the Company’s independent non-executive Director in June 2021.
As a legal expert, Mr. Wang has published major works and papers such as General Principles to Civil Law (民法總論), Law of
Obligations (債法) and Property Law (物權法). Mr. Wang is currently an independent director of Shandong Bohui Paper
Industrial Co., LTD* (山東博匯紙業股份有限公司) (stock code: 600966), a listed company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
Mr. Wang taught at Fudan University Law School for more than 30 years, with the professional field of law (civil and
commercial law). Mr. Wang was an arbitrator at the Shanghai Arbitration Commission. Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor degree
in law from Jilin University.

Mr. Yu Tze Shan Hailson (余梓山), aged 67, was appointed as the Company’s independent non-executive Director in June
2021. As an expert in the authorization and transformation of scientific and technological achievements, Mr. Yu has extensive
experience in biopharmaceuticals, Chinese medicine, patent and authorization, venture capital investment, systems
engineering and computer engineering. Mr. Yu is currently an independent non-executive director of China Traditional
Chinese Medicine Holdings Co., Ltd.* (中國中藥控股有限公司) (stock code: 00570) and an independent non-executive
director of China NT Pharma Group Company Limited* (中國泰淩醫藥集團有限公司) (stock code: 01011), both of which are
listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and has been serving as the director of Innovation & Entrepreneurship of Macau
University of Science and Technology since February 2023. Mr. Yu was an independent non-executive director of Sinopharm
(stock code: 01099), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Mr. Yu was the deputy managing director of
Versitech Limited and deputy director of Technology Transfer Office of the University of Hong Kong from February 1998 to
September 2022, and served as the chief operating officer of HKU Innovation Holdings Limited from April 2020 to September
2022. Mr. Yu currently is a Chartered Engineer, fellow of each of the Institution of Engineering and Technology, the Hong
Kong Institution of Engineers, the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators and Hong Kong Institute of Arbitrators, and a member of
the expert audit committee of Logistics and Supply Chain MultiTech R&D Centre. Mr. Yu obtained a bachelor’s degree in
Electrical Engineering from the University of Calgary, a master’s degree in Engineering from the University of Hong Kong, and
a master’s degree in Arbitration and Dispute Resolution from City University of Hong Kong.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   127
Biographical Details of Directors,
Supervisors and Senior Management



SUPERVISORS

Ms. Ren Qian (任倩), aged 54, has been serving as the chairman (an employee Supervisor) of the Supervisory Committee of
the Company since January 2018. Ms. Ren joined the Group in May 2011, and served as the deputy general manager and
general manager of audit department of the Company from May 2011 to January 2018. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Ren
served as an auditor of the audit department of Shanghai No.1 Department Store Company Limited* (上海市第一百貨股份
有限公司) (whereafter merged with Shanghai Bailian Group Company Limited* (上海百聯集團股份有限公司) (stock code:
600827), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange) and the manager of financial department of a subsidiary
thereof, the chief officer of the second division of audit department of China Worldbest Group Company Limited* (中國華源
集團有限公司), the assistant to director of Shanghai Zhongzhou Certified Public Accountants Company Limited* (上海中洲會
計師事務所有限公司), and the deputy general manager of audit department of Shanghai China Fortune Company Limited* (上
海華鑫股份有限公司) (stock code: 600621), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. Ms. Ren obtained a
bachelor’s degree in economics from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, and a master’s degree in accounting
from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

Mr. Guan Yimin (管一民), aged 73, was appointed as the Company’s Supervisor on 30 June 2014. Mr. Guan is currently an
independent director of Yihai Kerry Arawana Holdings Co., Ltd.* (益海嘉里金龍魚糧油食品股份有限公司) (stock code:
300999), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, an independent director of Shanghai Huayi (Group) Company*
(上海華誼集團股份有限公司) (stock code: 600623), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and an independent
director of China Fortune Securities Co., Ltd.* (華鑫證券有限責任公司). He has been an independent director of Greenland
Holdings Group Co., Ltd.* (綠地控股集團有限公司) (stock code: 600606), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange,
an independent director of Jiangsu Nonghua Intelligent Agriculture Technology Co., Ltd.* (江蘇農華智慧農業科技股份有限
公司) (stock code: 000816), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, and an independent director of Shanghai
Jinjiang Shipping (Group) Co., Ltd.* (上海錦江航運(集團)股份有限公司) (stock code: 601083), a company listed on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange in December 2023. Mr. Guan had been an independent Director and independent non-executive
Director of the Company from May 2007 to June 2013. Mr. Guan was the vice president and professor of Shanghai National
Accounting Institute, and concurrently served as an independent director of Bringspring Science and Technology Co., Ltd.* (榮
科科技股份有限公司) (stock code: 300290), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, and an independent director
of Hefei Genius Advanced Material Co., Ltd.* (合肥杰事杰新材料股份有限公司) (stock code: 834166), a company listed on
the NEEQ. Mr. Guan obtained a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics (SUFE).

Mr. Chen Bing (陳冰), aged 49, was appointed as the Company’s Supervisor on 28 June 2023. Mr. Chen is currently the vice
president, the co-chief risk officer and the general manager of the audit department of Fosun International (stock code:
00656), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and a non-executive director of BabyTree Group (stock code:
01761), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. He has been serving as a director of Zhejiang Wansheng Co.,
Ltd.* (浙江萬盛股份有限公司) (stock code: 603010), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, since November
2023. Mr. Chen served at KPMG. He served as a senior audit manager and partner of MAZARS Shanghai Certified Public
Accountants LLP* (上海瑪澤會計師事務所(普通合夥)). He served various positions including the joint general manager of the
audit department, assistant to the president and senior assistant to the president of Fosun International (stock code: 00656),
a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, from July 2017 to December 2021. Mr. Chen is currently a non-
practicing member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member of Shanghai Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. Mr. Chen obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Fudan University.




128 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Biographical Details of Directors,
Supervisors and Senior Management



SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Wen Deyong (文德鏞), is the Company’s executive Director and chief executive officer. His biographical details are set
out on page 124 of this annual report.

Mr. Li Shengli (李勝利), aged 50, is currently the Company’s executive president (appointed in January 2022) and chief
growth officer. Mr. Li joined the Group in April 2004, and served as the assistant to the president and other positions. He was
the Company’s vice president and senior vice president from January 2020 to January 2022. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Li
worked at Xuzhou Nhwa Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.* (徐州恩華藥業集團有限責任公司). Mr. Li graduated from Anhui
University of Chinese Medicine with a major in traditional Chinese medicine, and obtained a master’s degree in business
administration from Shanghai Jiao Tong University.

Mr. Xingli Wang, aged 61, is currently the Company’s executive president (appointed in January 2023), the chief executive
officer of the global R&D center and co-chief executive officer of innovative medicine division. Mr. Wang joined the Group in
January 2023, and has served as a non-executive director of Shanghai Henlius (stock code: 02696), a company listed on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange, since August 2023. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Wang served as a senior lecturer in
cardiovascular medicine at The University of New South Wales, Australia, and as a cardiologist and professor with tenure at
Baylor College of Medicine, USA, medical director of Schering-Plough Corporation, a company formerly listed on the NYSE
(stock code: SGP) (merged into Merck & Co., Inc. in 2009). He also worked in Novartis AG (stock code: NVS), a company
listed on the NYSE, mainly serving as project supervisor, global project clinical head, head of Novartis global drug R&D (China)
and general manager of Biomedical Research Institute (China). Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in medicine from
Shandong Medical College (incorporated into Shandong University in 2000) and a doctorate degree in cardiovascular science
from the UNSW. Mr. Wang also holds a license to practice medicine in Australia.

Mr. Wenjie Zhang, aged 56, is currently the Company’s executive president (appointed in July 2023) and co-CEO of
innovative medicines division. Mr. Zhang joined the Group in March 2019. He was a senior vice president, chief commercial
operations officer, chief strategic officer, president and chief executive officer of Shanghai Henlius (stock code: 02696), a
company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, from March 2019 to July 2023. He is currently an executive director and
the chairman of the board of directors of Shanghai Henlius. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Zhang served as the assistant
engineer of research and development of Jinan Corbère Bioengineering Co., Ltd.* (濟南科貝爾生物工程有限公司), the China
sales representative of Sino-American Shanghai Squibb Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.* (中美上海施貴寶製藥有限公司). He
worked at Bayer Group (stock code: BAYGn), a company listed on Frankfurt Stock Exchange, and served as the product
manager of US Marketing Division at Bayer Pharmaceutical’s US subsidiary, business development manager and deputy
director of global marketing, head of business development at Bayer Healthcare’s Asia Pacific headquarters, the head of
Oncology and Specialty Medicine Business at Bayer Schering Pharma China, and the head of Oncology and Specialty Medicine
Business in Asia Pacific, vice president of Tumor Business Department II of Shanghai Roche Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (上海羅
氏製藥有限公司). He also worked at Amgen Inc. (stock code: AMGN) (“Amgen”), a company listed on the NASDAQ, and
served as the executive director of Japan and Asia Pacific of Amgen and the general manager of Amgen Biopharmaceutical
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd.* (安進生物醫藥(上海)有限公司). Mr. Zhang obtained a bachelor’s degree in science from Shandong
University and a master’s degree in business administration from Yale University.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   129
Biographical Details of Directors,
Supervisors and Senior Management



Ms. Feng Rongli (馮蓉麗), aged 48, is currently the Company’s executive president (appointed in January 2024) and chief
human resources officer. Ms. Feng joined the Group in April 2020. She was a vice president and senior vice president of the
Company from April 2020 to January 2024. Ms. Feng is currently a non-executive director of Sisram Medical (stock code:
01696), the chairman of the supervisory committee of Shanghai Henlius (stock code: 02696), and a non-executive director of
Sinopharm (stock code: 01099), all of which are companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Prior to joining the
Group, Ms. Feng served as a human resources supervisor of Sealed Air Packaging (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.* (希悅爾包裝(上海)有
限公司), a human resources manager of Grundfos Pumps (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.* (格蘭富水泵(上海)有限公司), the Asia-Pacific
human resources manager of Emerson Electric (China) Holdings Co., Ltd.* (艾默生電氣(中國)投資有限公司), the China
human resources planning manager of Dow Chemical (China) Co., Ltd.* (陶氏化學(中國)有限公司), the director of human
resources of Shanghai Roche Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (上海羅氏製藥有限公司), the senior director of human resources at F.
Hoffmann-La Roche AG, the deputy chief human resources officer of Fosun High Tech and the managing director of the
human resources of Shanghai Fosun Venture Capital Investment Management Co., Ltd.* (上海復星創業投資管理有限公司).
Ms. Feng graduated from Shanghai University with a major in computer application, and obtained a master’s degree in
business administration from Columbia Southern University.

Ms. Li Jing (李靜), aged 51, is currently the Company’s executive president (appointed in January 2024) and chief executive
officer of established medicines manufacturing and supply division. Ms. Li joined the Group in May 2022. She was the senior
vice president of the Company from August 2022 to January 2024. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Li held the positions
including engineer, office director and deputy president of Tianjin Pharmaceutical Company Research Institute* (天津藥業公
司研究所) (the predecessor of Tianjin Pharmaceutical Research Institute Co., Ltd.* (天津藥業研究院股份有限公司)), assistant
to general manager and chief engineer of Tianjin Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.* (天津藥業集團有限公司), general manager
and president of Tianjin Pharmaceutical Research Institute Co., Ltd.* (天津藥業研究院股份有限公司), chairman of Tianjin
Jinyao Amino Acids Co., Ltd.* (天津金耀氨基酸有限公司). She also served as deputy secretary of the Party Committee,
general manager, chairman of the board, secretary of the Party Committee and director of Tianjin Pharmaceutical Group Co.,
Ltd.* (天津藥業集團有限公司), chairman of Tianjin Pharmaceutical Research Institute Co., Ltd.* (天津藥業研究院股份有限公司),
chief engineer of Tianjin Pharmaceutical Holdings Ltd.* (天津市醫藥集團有限公司), chairman of Tianjin Pharmaceutical
Group Research Institute Co., Ltd.* (天津醫藥集團研究院有限公司), now known as Jinyao Biotechnology (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.* (津
藥生物科技(天津)有限公司), and chairman and secretary of the Party Committee of Tianjin Tianyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.*
(天津天藥藥業股份有限公司) (stock code: 600488), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. Ms. Li obtained a
bachelor’s degree in medicine from Tianjin College of Traditional Chinese Medicine (now known as Tianjin University of
Traditional Chinese Medicine) and a master’s degree in business administration from Tianjin University.

Mr. Wang Donghua (王冬華), aged 54, is currently a senior vice president (appointed in October 2020) and chief strategic
enabler of the Company. Mr. Wang joined the Group in October 2015. He was a vice president of the Company from
January 2016 to October 2020. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Wang was the deputy manager and manager of the corporate
culture department, deputy general manager of the investment development department, deputy general manager and
spokesman of the brand development department, and deputy general manager, executive general manager and joint
general manager of the public affairs department of Fosun High Tech. Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in agriculture
from Yangzhou University and a master’s degree in business administration from Shanghai University of Finance and
Economics.




130 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Biographical Details of Directors,
Supervisors and Senior Management



Mr. Li Dongjiu (李東久), aged 58, is currently the senior vice president of the Company (appointed in March 2021) and the
director of pharmaceutical commerce administration committee. Mr. Li was the vice president and senior vice president of the
Company from December 2009 to January 2018, and re-joined the Group in March 2021. Mr. Li is a non-executive director
of Sinopharm (stock code: 01099), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Prior to initially joining the Group,
Mr. Li served as the deputy general manager and chief financial officer of North China Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (華北製藥股
份有限公司) (stock code: 600812), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. Mr. Li was a director of China National
Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.* (國藥集團藥業股份有限公司) (stock code: 600511), a company listed on the Shanghai
Stock Exchange, the vice president and general counsel of Sinopharm (stock code: 01099), a company listed on the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange, and a director of Sinopharm Group Accord Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (國藥集團一致藥業股份有限公司)
(stock code: 000028), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. Mr. Li obtained a bachelor’s degree in chemical
engineering from Dalian Institute of Technology (now known as Dalian University of Technology), a master’s degree in
management science and engineering from Wuhan Jiaotong University of Science and Technology, a master’s degree in
international economic and trade relations from Flinders University, Australia, a Ph.D. degree in transportation planning and
management from Wuhan University of Technology and an EMBA degree from China Europe International Business School.

Mr. Liu Yi (劉毅), aged 48, is currently a senior vice president of the Company (appointed in January 2022) and the chairman
and chief executive officer of the medical devices division. Mr. Liu joined the Group in November 2015. He was the vice
president of the Company from January 2017 to January 2022. Mr. Liu is currently the executive director and chairman of the
board of directors of Sisram Medical (stock code: 01696), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Prior to
joining the Group, Mr. Liu worked at the State Food and Drug Administration (now known as the National Medical Products
Administration) and Beijing Medical Equipment Laboratory (北京市醫療器械檢驗所). Mr. Liu obtained a bachelor’s degree in
engineering from Beijing Institute of Technology, a master’s degree in management from Peking University and a doctorate
degree in biomedical engineering from Beihang University.

Mr. Hu Hang (胡航), aged 40, is currently the Company’s senior vice president (appointed in January 2022). Mr. Hu joined
the Group in September 2010, and was the assistant to the president and vice president of Fosun Health, a subsidiary, and
was a vice president of the Company from January 2020 to January 2022. He is currently the chief executive officer of Fosun
Health. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Hu served as an auditor at PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP* (普華永道中天會
計師事務所(特殊普通合夥)), a senior auditor at Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP* (安永華明會計師事務所(特殊普通合夥)), and
a senior adviser on risk control at PricewaterhouseCoopers Management Consulting (Shanghai) Limited* (普華永道管理諮詢(上
海)有限公司). Mr. Hu obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Fudan University and a master’s degree in business
administration from Shanghai Jiao Tong University.

Mr. Bao Qingui (包勤貴), aged 39, is currently the Company’s senior vice president (appointed in January 2022) and the
chairman of the medical diagnosis division. Mr. Bao joined the Group in July 2010. He was the assistant to the president, vice
president and executive president of Fosun Health, a subsidiary, and also a vice president of the Company from January 2020
to January 2022. Mr. Bao obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering from Hefei University of Technology and a master’s
degree of science from Fudan University.

Mr. Rong Yang, aged 45, is currently the Company’s senior vice president (appointed in August 2022). He joined the Group
in January 2022, and is currently the chief executive officer of Fosun Pharma USA Inc., a subsidiary. Mr. Yang is currently a
director of Nature’s Sunshine Products, Inc. (stock code: NATR), a company listed on the NASDAQ. Prior to joining the Group,
Mr. Yang previously worked for the Bayer Group, mainly as the global market development manager of Bayer Schering
Pharma AG, marketing director of Bayer Austria Ges.m.b.H, assistant to chairman of Bayer Pharma AG, general manager of
Bayer S.R.O, vice president of Bayer US LLC, and he was in charge of the finance and strategy department (Americas),
business insight and data analysis department, blood marketing department, and specialty drug sales department. Mr. Yang
obtained a bachelor’s degree of art in German from Beijing Foreign Studies University, a master’s degree in economics from
Nankai University and a MBA degree from Harvard Business School.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   131
Biographical Details of Directors,
Supervisors and Senior Management



Ms. Dong Xiaoxian (董曉嫻), aged 42, is currently the Company’s vice president (appointed in June 2016), the secretary to
the Board, and a joint company secretary. Ms. Dong joined the Group in July 2003, and served several positions including the
securities affairs representative and deputy director of the Board Secretary Office of the Company. Ms. Dong obtained a
bachelor’s degree in laws from Shanghai University and a master’s degree in business administration from Fudan University.

Ms. Su Li (蘇莉), aged 52, is currently the Company’s vice president (appointed in January 2022) and the chief executive
officer of the established medicines and manufacturing & supply division. Ms. Su joined the Group in June 2006, and served
several positions including the chief executive officer of Tridem Pharma, a subsidiary, a vice president and the emerging
market general manager of the overseas business department of Fosun Pharmaceutical Industrial, and the assistant to the
president of the Company. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Su served as a clerk in the office of the president of Kunming
Pharmaceutical Limited* (昆明製藥股份有限公司) and the deputy manager and manager of imports and exports department
and manager of international trade department of Kunyao Group Co., Ltd.* (昆明製藥集團股份有限公司). Ms. Su obtained a
bachelor’s degree in arts from Yunnan University.

Mr. Ji Hao (紀皓), aged 49, is currently the Company’s vice president (appointed in January 2022) and the general manager
of anti-corruption supervision department. Mr. Ji joined the Group in June 2016, and served several positions including the
assistant to the president of the Company. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Ji served as an assistant researcher at the Chinese
People’s Liberation Army Academy of Military Sciences, and worked at the First Branch of the Shanghai People’s
Procuratorate. Mr. Ji obtained a bachelor’s degree of laws from the People’s Liberation Army Nanjing University of
International Relations (now known as National University of Defense Technology University of International Relations), a
master’s degree of laws from the East China University of Political Science and Law and a master’s degree of laws from The
Chinese University of Hong Kong.

Ms. Zhu Yue (朱悅), aged 46, is currently the Company’s vice president (appointed in January 2022) and the general
manager of legal department. Ms. Zhu joined the Group in October 2020, and served several positions including the assistant
to the president of the Company. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Zhu served as an attorney and a senior attorney at Morgan,
Lewis & Bockius LLP in the U.S., a senior attorney of Milbank LLP in the U.S., a senior attorney and the consultant lawyer of
Clifford Chance LLP in the United Kingdom, and the managing director of the legal department of Fosun International (stock
code: 00656), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Ms. Zhu obtained a bachelor’s degree in science from
University of Science and Technology of China, a master’s degree in biology from the University of Iowa in the U.S. and a
doctorate in law from the University of Maryland in the U.S.. She was also admitted as an attorney of the State of California
in the U.S..

Mr. Xu Aihua (徐愛華), aged 47, is currently the Company’s vice president (appointed in January 2023). Mr. Xu joined the
Group in July 2022. He was the assistant to the chief executive officer of the Company from July 2022 to January 2023. Prior
to joining the Group, Mr. Xu was a principal staff member and the deputy director of the Shanghai Municipal Development
and Reform Commission, a member of the Party Committee and the deputy mayor of Jinqiao Township in Pudong New Area,
Shanghai, the deputy director, the director and an assistant to spokesperson of Policy and Regulation Division of Shanghai
Municipal Development and Reform Commission, the president of Shanghai Zhongcan Network Technology Co., Ltd.* (上海
中產網絡科技有限公司), and the executive president of Shanghai Hengshi Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (上海恒實投資集團
有限公司). Mr. Xu obtained a bachelor’s degree in management from Hubei University and a master’s degree in political
science from East China Normal University.




132 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Biographical Details of Directors,
Supervisors and Senior Management



Ms. Lv Lilang (呂力琅), aged 46, is currently the vice president (appointed in July 2023) and co-chief executive officer of the
medical devices division of the Company. Ms. Lv joined the Group in June 2023. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Lv worked at
Fudan University Cancer Hospital, mainly as an office clerk, deputy director and director of the hospital office, assistant to the
president and deputy president, as well as deputy president of the Shanghai Proton and Reionisation Hospital. She was the
general manager of Shanghai Zhijiang Bio-Technology Company Limited* (上海之江生物科技股份有限公司) (stock code:
688317), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, from February 2021 to May 2023. Ms. Lv obtained a bachelor’s
degree in medicine from Peking University, a master’s degree in management from Fudan University and a doctorate degree
in engineering from Fudan University. Ms. Lv has also attended hospital management and reform programs at the University
of Cambridge in the United Kingdom, Harvard Medical School in the U.S. and the Université de Paris Politique in France.

Mr. Cao Genxing (曹根興) (resigned) served as a Supervisor of the Company from May 2008 to June 2023.

Mr. Chen Yuqing (陳玉卿) (resigned) held the positions including vice president, senior vice president, co-president and co-
chief executive officer of the Company from April 2015 to June 2023.

Ms. Mei Jingping (梅璟萍) (resigned) held the positions including vice president, senior vice president and executive
president of the Company from June 2016 to December 2023.

Mr. Yuan Ning (袁寧) (resigned) served as the vice president of the Company from January 2022 to January 2024.

Mr. Zhang Yuejian (張躍建) (resigned) served as the vice president of the Company from June 2019 to January 2024.

JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

Ms. Dong Xiaoxian (董曉嫻), aged 42, is a joint company secretary and concurrently serves as a vice president of the
Company and secretary to the Board. Please refer to page 132 of this annual report for her biography.

Ms. Kam Mei Ha, Wendy (甘美霞), aged 56, is a joint company secretary. Ms. Kam is currently an executive director of the
corporate services division of Tricor Services Limited. Prior to joining Tricor Services Limited, Ms. Kam served as a manager of
the company secretarial department of Ernst & Young, Hong Kong and Tricor Tengis Limited. Ms. Kam has over 25 years of
experience in the corporate secretarial field and is a Chartered Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional and a Fellow
of both The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute (formerly “The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries”) and
The Chartered Governance Institute (formerly “The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators”) in the United
Kingdom. Ms. Kam was appointed as a member of the Standing Committee on Company Law Reform in February 2024. Ms.
Kam graduated from City Polytechnic of Hong Kong (now known as City University of Hong Kong) with a professional
diploma in company secretaryship and administration in November 1990.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023   133
                                           About This Report
                                           With the increasing awareness of the
                                           international and domestic society on corporate
                                           sustainable development, the capital market
                                           and the public’s perception on ESG and social
                                           responsibility is gradually becoming universal.
                                           To comprehensively respond to capital market
                                           a n d t h e p u b li c ’s c o n c e r n s o n c o r p o ra t e
                                           sustainable development, and to enhance the
                                           readability of the report and the consistency
                                           of the information, we hereby disclose this ESG
                                           and Sustainability Report following the release
                                           of our corporate social responsibility reports
                                           for 15 consecutive years and ESG reports for 3
                                           consecutive years.




134 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
Basis of Preparation

This report is prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements of Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability
Reporting Standards and the ESG Reporting Guide as set out in Appendix C2 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules. In response to the
concerns of investors with the ESG performance of the Group, this report also refers to and responds to the issues concerned by
Morgan Stanley Capital International ESG rating (i.e. MSCI ESG rating). This report also covers all matters related to corporate
social responsibilities (“CSR”) to acquaint shareholders with more detailed information related to the social responsibility and
sustainable development of the Group.


The financial data covered in this report have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards.


Scope and Boundary of Report

The scope of disclosure of this report is consistent with that of financial information in the Group’s 2023 Annual Report.


This report covers the time period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 (the “Reporting Period”), certain contents of
which trace retrospectively to prior years and cover the first quarter of 2024.


Data Source and Reliability Assurance

The data and cases contained herein are mainly from the Group. The Company commits that there are not any false records
or misleading statements in this report, and is liable for the authenticity, accuracy and integrity of the contents herein. The
Company uses consistent statistical methods for the key performance indicators disclosed in the report, and explanations will be
complemented for the corrected data to facilitate effective comparison.


Approval

This report was adopted by the Board of Directors on 26 March 2024.


Access to and Feedback of this Report

For an environmental friendly option, we suggest you to read the electronic version of the report, which can be obtained from
the official website of Fosun Pharma at https://www.fosunpharma.com/.


Readers are welcome to contact us by the following ways. Your opinions will help us further improve this report and enhance
the overall sustainable development of the Group.


Contact Information

Email: esg@fosunpharma.com
Address: Building A, No. 1289 Yishan Road, Shanghai




                                                                                       2023 ESG and Sustainability Report    135
Company Profile & Development Strategy

                                           Company Profile

                                           Founded in 1994, Fosun Pharma (stock code: 600196.SH, 02196.HK) is a
                                           global innovation-driven pharmaceutical and healthcare industry group.
                                           Fosun Pharma directly operates businesses including pharmaceutical
                                           manufacturing, medical devices, medical diagnosis, and healthcare
                                           services. As a shareholder of Sinopharm, Fosun Pharma expands its areas
                                           in the pharmaceutical commerce.


                                           The Group is patient-centered and clinical needs-oriented, and
                                           continuously enriches its innovative product pipeline through
                                           independent research and development, license-in, and in-depth
                                           incubation. Fosun Pharma improves the research and clinical
                                           development capabilities of FIC (First-in-class) and BIC (Best-in-class)
                                           products as well as accelerates the R&D and launch of innovative
                                           technologies and products.


                                           Guided by the 4IN strategy (Innovation, Internationalization,
                                           Intelligentization and Integration), Fosun Pharma will uphold the
                                           development model of “Innovation Transformation, Integrated
                                           Operation and Steady Growth”, with the mission of creating
                                           shareholder values through strengthening its independent R&D and
                                           external cooperation and enriching its product pipelines, as well as
                                           promoting the global networks. Fosun Pharma will actively promote
                                           key business and rapidly enhance operational and asset efficiency, and
                                           is committed to becoming a first-class enterprise in the global major
                                           pharmaceutical and healthcare market.


                                           Please visit the official website of the Fosun Pharma for more details of
                                           the Group: http://www.fosunpharma.com.




136 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
Company Profile & Development Strategy



Corporate Strategy



              Short-         Leading international innovative company in China
              term
              Goal
          (2022–2025)



                                     Globally competitive Chinese pharmaceutical company
         Mid-term Goal
          (2026–2030)


                                           We are committed to becoming a first-class enterprise in
                                           the global pharmaceutical and healthcare markets

              Vision




     Mission
     Better Health for Families Worldwide


     Vision
     We are committed to becoming a first-class enterprise in the global
     pharmaceutical and healthcare markets
     Values




                     Care for life        Continuous              Pursuit of           Sustainable
                                          innovation             Excellence            Partnership




                                                                                 2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   137
   Innovation for
   Good Health




2023
                                                                                                                           July
Milestones                                                              March
                                                                        Marketing authorization application
                                                                                                                           New generation of Pei Jin® (telpegfilgrastim
                                                                                                                           injection), a long-acting white blood cell
                                                                                                                           booster drug, was approved for launch
                                                                                                                           in Chinese mainland, providing a more
                                                                        (MAA) for Han Si Zhuang (generic
                                                                                                                           efficient and cost-effective option for
                                                                        name: serplulimab injection), a self-
                                                                                                                           patients with neutropenia related to
                                                                        developed biopharmaceutical innovative
                                                                                                                           radiotherapy and oncology
                                                                        anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody drug,
                                                                        in combination with chemotherapy
                                                                                                                           FCN-159 tablets, a new anti-tumor drug
                                                                        for first-line treatment of extensive-
                                                                                                                           for treatment of adult patients with NF1
                                                                        stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC),
                                                                                                                           (neurofibromatosis type I) related plexiform
                                                                        has been approved by the European
                                                                                                                           neurofibroma that are inoperable or
                                                                        Medicine Agency
                                                                                                                           residual/recurrent, were included in the
                                                                                                                           breakthrough drug therapy category by the
                                                                        Comirnaty Bivalent mRNA Vaccine self-
                                                                                                                           Center for Drug Evaluation of NMPA
                                                                        payment vaccination Service officially
                                                                        launched in Macau




                                                                                                             June
January                                                                                                     Domestically-manufactured Da Vinci Surgical
                                                                                                            Robot of Intuitive Fosun, which can be applied in
                                                                                                            endoscopic surgeries in urology, general surgery,
Comirnaty Bivalent mRNA Vaccine self-payment vaccination                                                    obstetrics and gynecology, thoracic surgery etc.,
service launched in Hong Kong and was officially approved                                                   was approved by NMPA
as regular imported vaccines by Macau Pharmaceutical
Administration Bureau
                                                                                                            The new second-line indication of Yi Kai Da®
Carried out the “A Healthy Winter Action” in cooperation with                                               (generic name: ejilunsai injection), a CAR-T cell
Fosun Foundation and donated azvudine, an antiviral drug,
                                                                                                            therapy product of Fosun Kite for treatment of
amounted to RMB100 million to rural areas in the central and
western regions to ensure the accessibility of medicines to the                                             adults patients with large B-cell lymphoma (r/r


                                                                   April
elderly in rural areas                                                                                      LBCL) refractory to first-line immunochemotherapy
                                                                                                            or relapsing within 12 months of first-line
A new indication of Han Si Zhuang (generic name: serplulimab
injection), a self-developed biopharmaceutical innovative anti-                                             immunochemotherapy, was approved in Chinese
PD-1 monoclonal antibody drug for first-line treatment of ES-      The NDA of RT002, an innovative          mainland
SCLC, was approved in Chinese mainland (excluding Hong             botulinum toxin product, was
Kong, Macau and Taiwan region), becoming the first anti-PD-1
                                                                   approved by NMPA                         The second generation of the self-developed
monoclonal antibody drug approved for the first-line treatment
of ES-SCLC in the world                                                                                     artesunate for injection (trade name: Argesun®)
                                                                   FCN-159 tablets, a new anti-
                                                                                                            was approved by WHO Prequalification, and
                                                                   tumor drug, were recognized
A range of innovative drugs and new indications of the                                                      became the first single-solvent artesunate injection
Group were included in the National Medical Insurance Drug         as a breakthrough drug
Catalogue, further improving the accessibility and affordability   therapy by the Center for Drug           approved by WHO Prequalification
of innovative drugs, and became effective since March 2023         Evaluation of NMPA. The drug
(Akynzeo, Han Li Kang, Su Ke Xin, Otezla, etc.)                    was intended for treatment of
                                                                   histiocytic tumors

   138 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
                                                 October
                                                 The first domestically-manufactured Da
                                                 Vinci Surgical Robot was manufactured
                                                 and officially commenced domestic
                                                 production, continuously enhancing its
                                                 accessibility




          September                                                        Company Awards
          Launched the program of “Caring for
          Women’s Health — Pink Blue Ribbon
                                                                            2023 Most Admired Chinese Companies (Fortune
          Charity Tour” in Xishuangbanna,                                   Magazine) (2023最 受讚賞的中國公司（《財富》雜誌）)
          Yunnan in cooperation with Shanghai
                                                                            2023 Emerging Awarded Enterprise of China’s Excellence
                                                                            Management Company (Deloitte China) (2023 中國卓越
          Soong Ching Ling Foundation, which
          helped to expand the screening                                    管理公司新晉獲獎企業（德勤中國）)
          coverage for two leading cancers
                                                                            2023 Top 25 Global Pharmaceutical Companies in R&D
          among local women and improved                                    Pipeline Size (2023 年全球醫藥企業研發管線規模
          medical care at the grassroots level                              TOP25) (Informa Pharma Intelligence)
                                                                            2023 Rank 1 in China’s Biopharmaceutical R&D Strength
                                                                            (Biopharmaceutical Ranking) (2023 中國生物藥研發實
                                                                            力排行榜（生物藥榜）第一名 )
                                                                            2023 Rank 2 in China’s Comprehensive Drug R&D
                                                                            Strength (Overall Ranking) (2023中國藥品 研發綜合實
                                                                            力排行榜（總榜）第二名 )
                                                                            2023 MSCI ESG A Rating
                                                                            2023 Top 30 ESG Excellence Practices (CCTV, State-owned
                                                                            Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of
                                                                            the State Council, All-China Federation of Industry and
                                                                            Commerce, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, etc.)
                                                                            (2023 ESG卓越實踐30強（中央廣播電視總台、國務院國
                                                                            資委、全國工商聯、中國社科院等）)
                                                                            2023 Outstanding Responsible Company (Southern
                                                                            Weekly) (2023年度傑出責任企業（《南方 週末》）)
                                                                            2022 CSR Report 5-Star Excellence (《2022 年度企業社會
                                                                            責任報告》五星級卓越 )




August
Yi Xin Tan® (generic name: sacubitril
valsartan sodium tablets), a first-line
drug with independent intellectual
property rights for the treatment
of heart failure and hypertension
in an innovative crystalline form,
was approved for launch in Chinese
mainland, which would benefit more
Chinese patients with heart failure
and hypertension.
                                                     December
                                                     Three domestically-manufactured new drugs (Bei Wen®, Pei Jin®, Yi Xin
                                                     Tan®) were included in the National Medical Insurance Drug Catalogue,
                                                     which further enhanced the accessibility of drugs for relevant diseases in
                                                     Chinese mainland and practically reduced the burdens of drugs on patients

                                                     Officially entered into cooperation agreements with Insightec, pursuant to
                                                     which both parties will establish a joint venture, Fosun-Insightel Medical
                                                     Technologies Co., Ltd. (復星醫視特醫療科技有限公司), in Chinese mainland,
                                                     focusing on the commercialization, clinical application and research of
                                                     magnetic resonance image guided focused ultrasound brain therapy system
                                                     (i.e. MRgFUS brain therapy system) in the Chinese market, thus helping
                                                     patients with Parkinson’s disease and idiopathic tremor to regain quality of
                                                     life

                                                     Serplulimab injection, a self-developed anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody drug,
                                                     was approved for treatment of ES-SCLC by the Indonesian Food and Drugs
                                                     Authority (BPOM). Trade name is Zerpidio®. It was the first time this product
                                                     was approved for launch in an overseas market, making it the first Chinese
                                                     PD-1 monoclonal antibody drug approved for launch in Southeast Asia



                                                                        2023 ESG and Sustainability Report               139
Content of the Sustainable Development
Goals (SDGs) of the United Nations

Supporting the SDGs of the United Nations

 SDGs          Key progress as at the end of the Reporting Period

               •     Launched 4 rare disease drugs and 10 rare disease drugs were under development
               •     Supplied more than 340 million doses of Artesun® (artesunate injection) to the global market, helping more
                     than 68 million patients with severe malaria to regain their health
               •     In January 2023, a number of our innovative drugs and new indications were included in the 2022 National
                     Health Insurance Drug Catalog (effective in March 2023). In December 2023, three innovative drugs were
                     included in the 2023 National Health Insurance Drug Catalog (effective in January 2024), reaching more patients
                     through various accessible channels
               •     Developed business in developing countries to promote equal and accessible health
               •     Released a fair pricing policy that takes into account factors such as local GDP levels, the United Nations Human
                     Development Index, public healthcare investment, patient needs and affordability when considering drug prices


               •     Established scholarships at five universities, including Fudan University, honoring more than 150 distinguish
                     students and teachers
               •     Provided various in-house training and development programs for employees and encouraged them to obtain
                     degrees and take qualification exams


               •     Implemented an equal pay policy and provided fair treatment for employees of different nationalities, races,
                     religions, genders and ages
               •     Created a diverse, inclusive and equal work environment for all employees


               •     Set sewage discharge targets , i.e. to reduce the intensity discharge of sewage, chemical oxygen demand (COD)
                     and ammonia nitrogen in 2025 by 15% as compared with 2020, of which the annual targets for the emission
                     intensity of sewage and COD for 2023 have been achieved
               •     Set water consumption intensity targets, i.e. to reduce consumption in 2025 by 15% as compared to 2020. The
                     water consumption intensity target for 2023 has been achieved


               •     Provided employees with appropriate training systems and clear career paths, as well as diversified and equal
                     opportunities to minimize employee turnover
               •     Launched various recruitment programs and attracted talents through cooperation with universities and
                     subsidiaries
               •     Carried out four series of training programs, namely “New Employee Series”, “Leadership Development
                     Series”, “Professional Development Series” and “Common Skill Series”, which provided employees with a
                     comprehensive platform for improving their capabilities and skills
               •     Issued the “Employee Diversity Policy” and implemented an equal pay policy, which provided fair treatment for
                     different nationalities, races, and religions, and strictly eliminated child labor or any form of forced labor, and
                     respected employees’ political rights and freedom of association
               •     Established a human rights policy monitoring mechanism to ensure that the policy is effectively implemented


               •     built a technical platform containing biosimilars, small molecule innovative drugs, high-value generic drugs and
                     new technology treatment
               •     striving to improve the quality and standard of primary public health services and promote the development of
                     rural health. Joined hands with Fosun Foundation to establish the Special Fund for Fosun Phama Health Care
                     Initiative, which carried out charitable activities such as the “Rural Revitalization Health Demonstration Project”
                     and the “Hand-in-Hand Rural Medical Talent Revitalization Project”
               •     Established a 24-hour global R&D center to enhance R&D and innovation capabilities




140 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
Content of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the United
Nations



SDGs      Key progress as at the end of the Reporting Period

          •     Formulated the EHS management system framework, which includes the requirements of the environmental
                management system, occupational health and safety management system and national standardization of
                production safety
          •     Formulated the Supplier Code of Conduct, which is applicable to suppliers, service providers and contractors
          •     Lean supply chain: For example, through system analysis of the end-to-end supply chain process, Suzhou Erye
                has reduced overall amount of inventory and overall inventory turnover days by improving sales accuracy,
                reducing the inspection cycle of raw and auxiliary materials, and reducing the inventory amount of Class A
                finished goods
          •     Completed the Compliance Management System Report of Domestic Marketing Platform 2.0 according to
                the responsible marking principle to ensure compliance with laws and regulations, continuously improve the
                customer relationship management system and ensure customers’ access to information


          •     Identified climate change risks and took targeted measures to reduce, adapt and respond to climate changes
          •     Actively participated in renewable energy projects, procured green power and built photovoltaics
          •     Formulated relevant working systems and established an assessment mechanism based on performance
                in energy saving and emission reduction: issued the Notice on Energy Saving and Emission Reduction for
                Subsidiaries of Fosun Pharma to clarify emission reduction targets and incorporated energy management and
                control into the performance assessment of corporate management personnel at all levels
          •     Analyzed climate change scenarios and identified the climate change exposure of the Group with reference to
                the TCFD framework, and formulated adaptation and mitigation strategies
          •     Conducted energy saving and emission reduction programs and invested RMB13.4760 million in various energy
                saving and emission reduction measures throughout the year
          •     Set carbon emission targets, i.e. to reduce carbon emissions per unit income in 2025 by 15% as compared to
                2020. The carbon emission target for 2023 has been achieved



          •     Established an integrity management system and reporting channels to protect whistleblowers
          •     Provided employees with anti-corruption and business ethics training



          •     Invested a substantial amount in innovative R&D of new drugs, built an international synchronous R&D
                operation system and established a development cooperation model
          •     Continuously increased product sales and exports
          •     Provided drugs to developing countries, provided training in professional knowledge and skills and provided
                support in enhancing the capabilities of developing countries




                                                                                  2023 ESG and Sustainability Report      141
1. Responsible Operation

1.1 Corporate Governance

    Corporate governance is crucial to the healthy and sustainable development of an enterprise. Establishing a transparent,
    responsible and effective governance mechanism will help enhance corporate value and earn the trust of investors and
    stakeholders in the corporate. To this end, Fosun Pharma continuously improves its corporate governance structure and
    system to provide an effective guarantee for making scientific and efficient decisions on governance in accordance with
    the Guidelines for Corporate Governance of Listed Companies of the CSRC.


    1.1.1 Specialization and Diversity

         The Group’s efficient operations build upon a sound governance structure. The governance structure of the Group is
         composed of the general meeting, the Board and the management. In particular, the five professional committees,
         namely the Strategic Committee, the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and
         Appraisal Committee, and the Environment, Social and Governance Committee (the “ESG Committee”), under the
         Board are responsible for supervision over matters in different dimensions to ensure the stable, lawful and efficient
         operations of the company. Under the supervision and guidance of the Board and various committees, the Group
         maintains high-quality governance and actively safeguards the rights and interests of all stakeholders to enhance
         corporate value on an ongoing basis.


         In compliance with the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Securities Law of the People’s
         Republic of China, the Guidelines for Corporate Governance of Listed Companies of the CSRC and other laws
         and regulations, and making comprehensive reference to the requirements of various standards and normative
         documents of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange, Fosun Pharma has formulated the
         Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedure for General Meetings of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co.,
         Ltd., the Rules of Procedure of the Board Meetings of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd., the Rules of
         Procedure of the Supervisory Committee Meetings of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd., the terms
         of reference and implementation rules of each committee, as well as other internal rules and policies, in order to
         secure and regulate the effective operation of its governance structure.


         As the key decision-making body of the group, a diverse Board enables the Group to respond to the ever-changing
         business environment and safeguard the rights and interests of a wider range of stakeholders. In 2013, Fosun
         Pharma issued the Board Diversity Policy, which clearly stipulated that, when electing Board members, various
         dimensions such as gender, age, cultural and educational background, expertise, skills, knowledge and term of
         service should be taken into account, and discrimination is prohibited to ensure a fair and just election process. In
         addition, the Nomination Committee under the Board reviews the structure, size and composition of the Board
         every year, and makes recommendations on any changes to the Board to ensure the effective implementation of the
         diversity policy.


         As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Board of Fosun Pharma comprised 12 Directors (including 2 female
         Directors) and 4 of which were independent non-executive Directors of the professions including accounting, legal,
         pharmaceutical industry, and license-in and transfer of scientific and technological outcomes.




142 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
1. Responsible Operation



         An analysis of the Board’s diversity as at the end of the Reporting Period is set out as follows:


    12
                                                                 65–74                Doctoral
                     Female                                       (2)
                       (2)                                                            degree
                                                                                        (2)
                                             ED
    10                                       (4)


                                                                 55–64
                                                                  (3)

     8                                                                                                       ≥36 months
                                                                                                                 (7)



                                            NED                                       Master’s
     6                                       (4)                                      degree
                                                                                        (8)

                     Male
                     (10)
     4
                                                                 45–54                                       ≥18 months
                                                                  (7)                                           and
                                                                                                             <36 months
                                                                                                                 (4)
                                            INED
                                             (4)
     2
                                                                                      Bachelor’s
                                                                                       degree
                                                                                         (2)                 <18 months
                                                                                                                 (1)
     0
                   Gender                Capacity             Age group             Educational        Length of service
                                                                                    background               on Board
     Board’s diversity data in terms of gender, capacity, age, educational background and length of service




                                                                                      2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   143
1. Responsible Operation



    1.1.2 ESG Governance
        Sustainable development is one of the key elements of the Group’s business development. In order to ensure that
        the Group takes sustainability into consideration when formulating strategies and making decisions, the Group
        has established a three-tier ESG governance structure which is supervised by the Board, implemented by the ESG
        Committee, and executed by the ESG Working Group, guaranteeing the supervision, guidance and support from
        the Board and the management as to the sustainable development of the Group. In addition, we formulated the
        Terms of Reference and Implementation Rules of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee under the
        Board of Directors in 2020 to further specify the job responsibilities of each tier in the ESG governance structure,
        guide the execution of tasks in pursuit of sustainable development of the Group, and thus improve the overall
        sustainability performance. At the same time, the Group has incorporated ESG sustainable development indicators
        into the performance assessment for the senior management. Evaluation dimensions include the rate of achieving
        carbon neutrality in major operating entities, construction of ESG systems, responsible investment management,
        and ESG risk management. We conduct assessments on an annual basis, and determine performance based on
        the assessment results. The results of which will be converted into a coefficient between 0 and 1, and serve as a
        multiplier factor for the overall performance of the senior management. Failure to meet the ESG performance
        standards will lead to a reduction in remuneration.


          As the decision-making body, the                                                             1.	Formulates and implements the overall
          Board reviews the ESG-related                                                                   ESG vision, goals and strategies of the
          risks and materiality, approves                                                                 Group, and gives suggestions to the
          the ESG strategies and goals                               Board of                             Board;
          of the Group, and ensures                                  Directors
                                                                                                       2.	Reviews the implementation and
          compliance with the listing rules.                                                              achievement of the ESG-related goals of
                                                                                                          the Group, and reports to the Board;
                                                                                                       3.	Supervises the communication channels
                                                                                                          and means between the Group and its
                                                                       ESG                                stakeholders, enhances the relationship
                                                                                                          between the Group and its stakeholders,
                                                                    Committee
                                                                                                          and upholds the reputation of the Group;
                                                                                                       4.	Reviews the major ESG trends and
                                                                                                          related risks and opportunities, and thus
                                                                                                          evaluates the effectiveness of the ESG-
          Comprehensively implements                                                                      related policies, systems and structures
          ESG strategies and relevant                                                                     of the Group, adopts and updates
          work, and reports to the ESG                          ESG Working                               the relevant policies when necessary,
          Committee on a regular basis.                            Group                                  and ensures the compliance with
                                                                                                          relevant laws, regulations, regulatory
                                                                                                          requirements and international standards
                                                                                                          of these policies.



                                               Strategic Planning     Lean Operations        Office of Board
                                                                                                Secretary
                                                  Department            Department            Department

                                         Anti-Corruption            Human Resources       Branding & Public Relations
                                      Supervision Department          Department                 Department

                                                                                 Centralized Procurement and
                                          EHS Management Department               Procurement Management
                                                                                          Department

                                                                  Legal             Investor Relations and Capital
                                        DT+ Department
                                                                Department            Deployment Department

                                 Established Medicines Manufacturing          Innovative Medicine
                                                                                                          Vaccines Division
                                           & Supply division                       Division

                                      Medical Devices                 Medical Diagnosis              Healthcare Services
                                         Division                         Division                        Division

                                                        ESG Governance Structure



144 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
1. Responsible Operation



      Board Statement


      Board Responsibilities
      Fosun Pharma has established an ESG governance mechanism with the Board as the main body of responsibility,
      under which the ESG Committee and the ESG Working Group are established. The Board is the highest responsible
      body for the ESG governance of the Group, and is overall responsible for the sustainability performance of the
      Group. As delegated by the Board, the ESG Committee is responsible for supervision, guidance and review on
      sustainable development and ESG matters. In 2023, the ESG Committee held two meetings in total.


      Sustainability Risk Management
      In order to prevent and control various potential risks that may hinder the sustainable development of the Group,
      the ESG Committee supervises and guides the management and various functional departments to identify and
      control relevant risks on a regular basis in day-to-day operations, and makes regular reports and recommendations
      to the Board on identified risks and management measures. Such processes enable us to fully integrate sustainability
      risks into our enterprise risk management system as an important category of enterprise risk management. Under
      the supervision of the Board, the Group continues to improve its internal control and risk management systems to
      ensure that effective controls have been in place over sustainability risks.


      Execution of Tasks in Pursuit of Sustainable Development
      The ESG Working Group established by the Group is composed of the management of key functional departments.
      Under the comprehensive guidance of the ESG Committee, the working group is responsible for promoting
      the implementation of the sustainable development strategies and projects of the Group in order to improve
      the sustainability performance of the Group in all respects. To ensure the effective implementation and goal
      attainment of ESG projects, the Group has included ESG performance in the performance assessment of the senior
      management, and has adopted remuneration reward and punishment measures to enhance the enthusiasm and
      efficiency of the management.


      Material Sustainability Issues
      The Group has established a transparent and efficient communication mechanism for stakeholders, which
      identifies the concerns of stakeholders in terms of sustainable development on a regular basis to keep abreast of
      the demands and expectations of stakeholders. For sustainability issues of high importance, we will formulate
      effective management strategies, and regularly review and evaluate the performance of the Group so as to meet the
      requirements of stakeholders.




                                                                                     2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   145
1. Responsible Operation



    1.1.3 Stakeholder Engagement
        Communication with Stakeholders

        The Group takes the initiative to communicate with customers, shareholders, government and regulatory
        authorities, employees, media and the public, suppliers, communities and non-governmental organizations,
        institutional investors and other key stakeholders through various online and offline methods to convey the mid-
        and long-term strategic plans of the Group. By communicating with all these parties, we are fully aware of the
        expectations of stakeholders for the sustainable development of the Group, which is regarded as an important
        consideration for improvement.

                                          Important sustainability issues in       Stakeholder communication channels/
          Identified stakeholders         focus                                    company’s response methods

          Shareholders and                Compliance Operation                     Organize on-site visits and inspections
          investorsNote                   Risk Prevention and Control              Organize online/offline roadshows
                                          Economic Performance                     Attend domestic and overseas strategy meetings
                                                                                   Host investor open days
                                                                                   Convene results presentations
                                                                                   Set up feedback platforms such as hotline, email and website
                                                                                   Continue to improve the corporate governance system

          Customers and consumers         Product Quality and Safety               Continue to improve the pharmaceutical quality system and
                                          Quality of Healthcare Services             provide high-quality healthcare services
                                          Quality of Products and Services         Maintain good doctor-patient relationship and conduct
                                          Responsible Marketing                      customer satisfaction survey
                                          Customer Privacy Protection and          Establish a professional commercialization team and a compliant
                                          Information Security                       marketing mechanism
                                                                                   Continue to improve the innovation mechanism
                                                                                   Continue to improve the customer privacy protection mechanism

          Media                           Information Disclosure                   Continue to improve and implement the information disclosure
                                                                                     system
                                                                                   Establish an effective media communication mechanism
                                                                                   Timely disclose information through the official website, WeChat
                                                                                     official account and other platforms of Fosun Pharma

          Employees                       Employee Rights and Benefits             Establish a labor union to safeguard employees’ rights and interests
                                          Employee Training and Development        Enter into collective contracts
                                          Occupational Health and Safety           Establish a long-term talent training mechanism and
                                                                                     Healthcare Management Institute
                                                                                   Organize regular employee caring activities
                                                                                   Solicit employees’ opinions and suggestions on
                                                                                     rationalization
                                                                                   Pursue occupational health and safety management

          Suppliers                       Sustainable Development of               Establish regulated and transparent supplier procurement, tender
                                            Supply Chain                             and management procedures
                                          Exchange and Cooperation with            Conduct on-site audit on suppliers
                                            Industry Peers                         Pursue green supply chain management
                                          Anti-Corruption


        Note: In 2023, the Group convened three results presentations, held one investor open day with the theme of innovative R&D strategies, responded
               to over 900 questions from investors through the SSE e-interactive platform, investor hotline/email and other channels, and conducted/
               attended more than 200 on-site inspections (visits), online/telephone conference roadshows, and domestic and overseas strategy meetings.




146 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
1. Responsible Operation



                                                                   Important sustainability issues in             Stakeholder communication channels/
                                   Identified stakeholders         focus                                          company’s response methods

                                   Government and regulatory       Compliance Operation                           Operate under the laws
                                    authorities                    R&D Innovation                                 Continue to pursue innovatives R&D
                                                                   Healthcare Accessibility                       Participate in policy formulation and provide suggestions
                                                                   Exchange and Cooperation with                  Actively participate in government projects
                                                                     Industry Peers                               Participate in industry association platforms

                                   Communities, the public         Community Welfare                              Actively participate in community services
                                    and non-governmental           Green Products                                 Participate in various activities of public welfare
                                    organizations                  Energy Usage                                     organizations
                                                                   Climate Change Mitigation and                  Actively carry out various public welfare activities
                                                                     Adaptation                                   Actively reduce emission and pollution during production
                                                                   Emissions Management

                                   Doctors                         Product Quality and Safety                     Communicate with industry peers
                                                                   R&D Innovation                                 Participate in industry association platforms
                                                                   Quality of Healthcare Services                 Communicate with media partners
                                                                   Exchange and Cooperation with
                                                                     Industry Peers
                                                                   Anti-Corruption

                                 We identify material ESG issues that require special attention of the Group on a regular basis. Through evaluation
                                 on and communication with internal and external stakeholders, we rank the materiality of these issues and develop
                                 a materiality matrix to provide support for the long-term ESG strategies to be formulated by the Group. During
                                 the Reporting Period, we identified a total of 23 sustainability issues for the Group, 9 of which were material
                                 sustainability issues, including product quality and safety, quality of healthcare services, R&D innovation, healthcare
                                 accessibility, responsible marketing, compliance operation, climate change mitigation and adaptation, quality of
                                 products and services, and anti-corruption.
                 Extremely high
                                                                      2023 ESG Materiality Matrix


                                                                                                                                      Product Quality and
                                                                                                                                      Safety

                                                                                                                 Anti-Corruption Quality of Products
                                                                                     Quality of Healthcare Services                     and Services
                                                                                                                             Compliance Operation
                                                                                           Climate Change Mitigation




   Materiality to stakeholders
                                                                                                       and Adaptation                                R&D
                                                                                                                       Healthcare Accessibility      Innovation
                                                               Intellectual Property Protection                                  Responsible Marketing


                                                                   Employee Rights                Emissions Management
                                                                    and Benefits
                                                                                         Risk Control                         Occupational Health
                                                               Water                                                          and Safety
                                                             Resources   Economic
                                                                         Performance         Customer Privacy
                                 Exchange and Cooperation     Usage                          Protection and              Sustainable Development of
                                     with Industry Peers                                     Information Security        Supply Chain
                                                                            Employee Training
                                                                            and Development
                                                  Green Products                                                                                                      Corporate governance
                                                                Energy Usage                                                                                          issues
                                                                                                                                                                      Environmental issues

                                                                                                                                                                      Social issues
                                                                                   Community Welfare
                 High                                                                                                                                             Extremely
                                                  Materiality to the development of Fosun Pharma Group                                                            high




                                                                                                                                     2023 ESG and Sustainability Report               147
1. Responsible Operation



1.2	Risk Control

    Comprehensive risk control plays an important role in corporate management, helping companies strengthen their
    business capabilities and rise to changes and uncertainties in the external environment. Accordingly, the establishment
    and continuous optimization of a risk prevention and control structure is an inevitable act. Under which, the Group may
    maintain long-term and stable operation, reduce potential economic losses by identifying and managing various risks, and
    make wise decisions on development directions, thereby laying a solid foundation for long-term sustainable operations
    and success.


    In order to reinforce risk and internal control management, the Group has integrated ESG-related risks and climate change
    risks into its risk management and internal control management structure, and has adopted ongoing monitoring measures
    to mitigate their impacts.




                                                •           to supervise the establishment and implementation of internal
                                                            control by the Board
                          Supervisory
                          Committee


                                       •     to be responsible for the establishment, improvement
                                             and effective implementation of internal control
          Board



                                                        •      to be responsible for reviewing internal control, supervising the
                                                               effective implementation of internal control and self-assessment of
                            Audit                              internal control
                          Committee


                                       •     to organize and lead the day-to-day operation of
                                             internal control of the corporate
     Management


                                                    •        to be responsible for organizing the development of internal
                                                             control, self-assessment of the effectiveness of internal control,
                            Risk and                         and rectification of internal control defects, with work groups or
                            Control                          dedicated personnel as execution units
                             Bodies


                                              Risk Management Structure




148 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
1. Responsible Operation



   Risk Prevention and Control System

   Focusing on the long-term corporate risks, the Group has established a sound risk prevention and control system with the
   joint efforts of internal control construction, internal audit and anti-corruption functions. Pursuant to the relevant laws,
   regulations and regulatory requirements, the Group has formulated the Internal Control Manual, setting forth the internal
   control standards and processes in detail, which establishes a management framework for the risk prevention and control
   system of the Group, and ensures the effective operation of the risk management and control system.


   During the Reporting Period, in response to the key risk points in the course of operations, such as procurement,
   infrastructure, product quality and safety and information security, the Group further optimized its internal control
   management process, and strengthened its control and supervision over those risk points, thereby maximizing its control
   on the adverse impacts of potential risks on the Group. Specific measures are as follows:

     Centralized procurement
                                      Infrastructure project           Quality and safety              Information security
        and procurement
                                        risk management                risk management                   risk management
        risk management


    • Formulated internal           • Continued to improve         • Fulfilled the responsibility   • Participated in the cyber
      procurement                     the infrastructure project     system of holders,               security classification,
      management documents,           management system, and         strengthened full life cycle     and was classified as a
      and continued to improve        enhanced project safety,       quality management, and          grade II enterprise
      the supplier life cycle         quality and progress           promoted continuous            • Engaged a third-party
      management process              management                     quality improvement              security service provider
    • Circulated the Code of        • Convened monthly             • Enhanced the                     to monitor the status of
      Conduct of Suppliers of         regular meetings to keep       professional skills and          the Group’s information
      the Group and supplier          abreast of the situation       audit competence of the          security equipment and
      quality requirements to         and track project              internal audit team              systems on a 24-hour
      suppliers                       progress in an all-round     • Optimized the reporting          basis
    • In 2023, the Group              way                            of key quality indicators      • Established and
      conducted green supply        • Conducted project              of the Group, and                continuously improved
      chain audits on 23              inspections                    developed a digital              the information security
      suppliers, and handled        • Established a project          reporting system and             system, and passed the
      35 cases of violation by        bidding expert pool            visual reporting                 IS027001 accreditation
      suppliers                       system                       • Carried out quality            • Issued the Data
                                    • Strengthened project           management appraisals            Security Management
                                      audit, and conducted         • Set up technical                 Regulations
                                      one-off or twice-              committees to build up
                                      off audits for each            a talent pool in terms of
                                      preparation                    core competencies
                                    • Continued to promote
                                      refined management
                                      measures, and reviewed
                                      each stage of the project
                                      to ensure effective
                                      execution and timely
                                      delivery of the project



                                       Internal Control Risk Management Measures




                                                                                     2023 ESG and Sustainability Report    149
1. Responsible Operation



    Internal Audit

    According to the Internal Auditing System, the Audit Department of the Group conducts independent internal audits,
    exercises the right of internal supervision, and performs supervision, evaluation and service functions. The Internal
    Audit Department carries out business line construction and strives to establish internal audit teams in various business
    segments. The synergy of the business lines further maximizes the effectiveness of internal supervision of the Group.

    The Group conducts special audits on key construction projects to ensure timely identification of defects during project
    implementation so as to advise on compliance and efficiency. The Group continues to promote special audits, covering key
    processes such as R&D, sales, procurement and expenses, so as to ensure timely and effective risk control and eliminate
    hidden hazards. In addition, the Group continues to conduct internal control audits and evaluations, and continues to
    evaluate and advise on the design and effectiveness of internal controls.

    During the Reporting Period, the audit line of the Group conducted more than 50 audits in total, covering the headquarter
    and major subsidiaries of various business segments, and carried out annual internal control audit and evaluation within
    the Group, covering entities with revenue accounting for approximately 98.76% of the consolidated revenue of the
    Group. The Group will conduct rectification and ongoing follow-up actions for major problems identified in audits to
    ensure that the problems are rectified, continue to improve the quality of internal control, and thus achieve its goal
    towards sustainable development.

1.3 Business Ethics

    Business Ethics Management System

    Adhering to the principle of “investigating every case, learning from the past mistakes to avoid future ones, emphasizing
    investigation with the priority of prevention, and addressing both symptoms and root causes”, the Group eliminates any
    form of corruption. The Group has brought issues related to business ethics into the scope of oversight of the Board and
    the Audit Committee to create a fair and integrity internal business environment from top to bottom.

    As the highest guidelines of business ethics of the Group, the Guidelines on Business Ethics, which restrains ourselves,
    employees and suppliers, has been reviewed and approved by the Board and announced to the public. As delegated by
    the Board, the Board Audit Committee conducts comprehensive supervision over the business ethics matters of the Group
    and supervises its implementation. As the day-to-day management body of the code of business ethics, The Disciplinary
    Committee of Fosun Pharma is responsible for the comprehensive implementation of the guidelines within the Group,
    including the establishment and implementation of the mechanism of the code of business ethics, and discussions and
    decisions on the corresponding penalties for those who violate the guidelines. The Disciplinary Committee of Fosun
    Pharma shall report to the Board Audit Committee on the implementation of the code of business ethics on a regular
    basis.

    In order to ensure the effective implementation of the code of business ethics by employees and suppliers, the Group
    continues to improve its business ethics system, and has formulated 9 anti-corruption related documents, including but
    not limited to the Regulations on Anti-Corruption, the Anti-Commercial Bribery Agreement, the Provisions on Integrity
    Administration of Engineering Construction Projects, the Whistle-blowing Management Regulations, the Whistleblower
    and Witness Protection Act and Reward Provisions, the Regulations on the Management of Employee Integrity in Practice,
    the Administrative Measures for Cash and Gifts Received in Official Activities (Trial Implementation) and the Reward,
    Punishment and Appeal Management System, to ensure that employees at all levels and business partners of the Group
    regulate their own behavior, and establish and maintain an integrity corporate atmosphere.




150 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
1. Responsible Operation



   The Group has established an anti-corruption compliance control system of “prevention-detection-remediation”,
   continuously strengthened its supervision over anti-corruption, and implemented business ethics management from
   multiple dimensions such as employee rights, information security, anti-corruption and anti-bribery, and international
   trade compliance. The Group has established four prevention and control processes, in which business department acts
   as the first line of defense, and then move up tier by tier to the Anti-Corruption Supervision Department to conduct public
   supervision of any behavior that may lead to non-compliance, eliminate potential risks, and secure the stable operation of
   the Group.


        First line of defense

        • Business department: strictly abides by the corporate system, internal supervision, and regulates its own
           behavior


        Second line of defense

        • Financial department: is responsible for the daily financial monitoring and timely detection of abnormal
           situations


        Third line of defense

        • Internal audit department: actively conducts anti-corruption and business ethics reviews to ensure the
           compliance with business ethics in the daily operations of various functional departments and subsidiaries


        Fourth line of defense

        • Anti-Corruption Supervision Department: is committed to establishing a sound anti-corruption governance
           system to ensure timely investigation and handling of corruption cases, and create an integrity and fair corporate
           atmosphere



   Business Ethics Audit and Supervision

   The Internal Audit Department and the Anti-Corruption Supervision Department further reinforce the effectiveness of the
   anti-corruption and business ethics management of the Group in the form of audits and supervisions.

   At the audit level, the Internal Audit Department has taken the compliance of business ethics into consideration when
   formulating the audit plan every year. On the basis of conducting audits for various business segments, additional special
   audits will be conducted on sectors with great business ethics risks and new subsidiaries to ensure compliance in key
   processes and sectors. The audit covered all the business operations every three years. Clues to business ethics issues
   identified during the audit will be handed over to the Anti-Corruption Supervision Department for in-depth investigation
   to ensure that the incident is properly handled. At the same time, the Group also cooperates with external third-party
   auditors to audit and supervise the business ethics of suppliers on a regular basis to strengthen the stability of business
   operations.




                                                                                   2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   151
1. Responsible Operation



    At the supervision level, the Anti-Corruption Supervision Department continues to strengthen supervision and proactively
    supervise processes with high business ethics risks to reduce the occurrence of non-compliance incidents. In 2023, the
    Anti-Corruption Supervision Department participated in the supervision of open tender of 14 projects in total, processed
    19 clues in total with 18 of them reviewed or investigated. 10 employees received the punishment of rescission of the labor
    contract, 2 received the disciplinary punishment including a warning due to violations of relevant integrity regulations; 3
    were imposed with compulsory criminal measures due to violation of criminal laws; losses totaling RMB7.81 million were
    recovered for the corporate through case investigation.

    At the same time, the Group has opened up whistle-blowing channels, improved whistleblower protection measures
    by formulating and announcing the Whistle-blowing Management Regulations and the Whistleblower and Witness
    Protection Act and Reward Provisions, and encouraged all employees, internal and external parties to actively speak up.
    The Group has established a comprehensive whistle-blowing process to evaluate, investigate and collect evidence on the
    reported cases received, and report the results to the whistleblower in a timely manner.


        Major whistle-             • Public channels: telephone hotlines, official websites, WeChat public accounts, e-mails,
    blowing channels                 letters and office visits



                                   • Whistle-blowing clues are accepted and entered into the database by designated
           Receipt and               personnel, and are strictly managed according to the confidentiality level. Without
            storage of               the approval of the person in charge of the Anti-Corruption Supervision Department,
     whistle-blowing                 other personnel are not allowed to view them
          information              • Whistle-blown materials should be placed in the confidential cabinet, managed as
                                     confidential materials, and kept by designated personnel to ensure the integrity,
                                     security and confidentiality of the materials; completed whistle-blown cases should be
                                     archived


                                   • It is strictly forbidden to disclose the whistle-blown contents as well as the name,
    Investigation and                address, contact information and other information of the whistleblower, and it is strictly
        verification on              prohibited to transfer the whistle-blowing materials to the person or unit being reported

     whistle-blowing               • When investigating and verifying the situation, it is strictly forbidden to present the
                                     original or photocopy of the whistle-blowing clues
                  clues
                                   • If the legitimate rights and interests of a whistle-blower are infringed, retaliated
                                     against or treated unfairly, he/she has the right to request the Anti-Corruption
                                     Supervision Department to take corresponding protective measures in accordance
                                     with the whistleblower system and relevant regulations

                                            Whistle-blowing Handling Process

    Integrity Culture Construction and Training
    Building a culture of integrity is one of the most powerful means for the Group to ensure the compliance of business
    ethics. In order to enhance the awareness and understanding of anti-corruption among employees, the Group regularly
    conducts business ethics and anti-corruption training for all employees, part-time employees and contractors at the
    headquarter and subsidiaries. During the Reporting Period, a total of 18 business ethics training sessions and lectures were
    provided, including 2 morning meetings for employees, 4 induction training sessions for new recruits, 8 training sessions
    for 8 subsidiaries including Guilin Pharma, Yao Pharma, Fosun Antejin and Jiangsu Fosun Pharma, 1 training and teaching
    session for the President Class of Fosun Health, 1 anti-corruption lecture for the procurement line and 1 special anti-
    corruption training session for senior executives.

    In addition to training, the Group set an integrity and compliance channel on the home page of the official website of Fosun
    Pharma, and established a portal site of the Disciplinary Committee and the Anti-Corruption Supervision Department on the
    OA system. By updating anti-corruption news, cases and laws and regulations from time to time on a weekly basis, the Group
    proactively provides legal publicity and education on anti-corruption and integrity for all employees and partners in a subtle
    and silent way to strengthen a clean and honest corporate atmosphere.




152 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
1. Responsible Operation




    Case: Anti-Corruption Training in the ESG Culture Month

    In September 2023, the Group provided training sessions on business ethics for all employees with the theme of anti-
    corruption. The content covered the concept of anti-corruption, introduction to relevant laws and regulations, as
    well as the anti-corruption management system, policy mechanisms and internal cases, emphasizing that all levels of
    employees must be strict with themselves and strive to practice the values of integrity of the Group, so as to achieve
    mutual success in personal development and corporate prosperity. The training sessions further enhanced the
    knowledge and understanding of anti-corruption tasks among employees, enhanced the awareness of compliance
    among employees, and laid a solid foundation for the integrity culture and sustainable development of the Group.




                                              Anti-Corruption Training




                                                                                 2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   153
1. Responsible Operation



    Anti-Corruption Management on Suppliers


    The Group emphasizes the compliance of business cooperation for third-party suppliers and partners in its business
    activities. The Group has formulated and promulgated the Anti-Commercial Bribery Agreement policy for third-party
    suppliers or partners. When the Group signs contracts with external parties, the Anti-Commercial Bribery Agreement
    must be signed as well. The agreement requires that the Group’s staff shall not solicit or accept improper benefits from
    others, and requires the counterparty to the contract not to seek benefits by bribery or give improper benefits to the
    staff of the Group. In case of deliberate obstacles or solicitation of bribery when signing contracts, such circumstances
    should be reported through the designated whistle-blowing channels, and all parties will be treated equally. In terms of
    procurement, the Group also requires suppliers participating in the bidding to sign the Letter of Commitment on Integrity
    as Suppliers before signing up to undertake that they will not engage in fraudulent behavior or offer unjust benefits to the
    staff in charge of tender in the bidding process.


                          External partners                                        All internal staff of the Group

      • All suppliers and external partners are required to            • The Employee Integrity Commitment shall be signed
         formulate their own anti-corruption policies and                 during induction
         sign with the Group the Anti-Commercial Bribery
         Agreement, which is included in the contracts.

      • During the procurement process, the suppliers
         participating in the bidding are required to sign the
         Letter of Commitment on Integrity as Suppliers before
         signing up to undertake that they will not engage in
         fraudulent behavior or offer unjust benefits to the staff
         in charge of tender in the bidding process


                             Anti-Commercial Bribery Requirements of Fosun Pharma Group




154 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
1. Responsible Operation



1.4	Party Building Efforts

    Established in 2007, the Party Committee of Fosun Pharma has secured high-quality corporate development as guided
    by high-quality Party building efforts while upholding the concept of “simultaneous and healthy development under the
    guidance of Party building” as its working core over the years. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Party Committee
    of Fosun Pharma comprised 696 members, of which 370 members were young people under 35 years old, accounting for
    53.16%, and 402 members held a master’s degree or above, accounting for 57.76%.

    2023 was the first year that the guiding principles of the 20th CPC National Congress were implemented fully. In order to
    thoroughly study Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the guiding principles
    of the 20th CPC National Congress, the Party Committee of Fosun Pharma held a thematic education and deployment
    meeting and a thematic pep rally for studying and implementing Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese
    Characteristics for a New Era. Focusing on the general requirements of “learning thoughts, strengthening Party spirit,
    emphasizing practice, and making new progress”, the Party Committee and its branch organizations launched a series
    of thematic education activities such as self-studying of theories, collaborative studying in branches, thematic education
    lectures, “red” studying in revolutionary education bases, music and art thematic Party day activities, and collaborative
    construction and joint studying on Party building, so as to strengthen ideological and political guidance, guide all Party
    members to deeply understand and grasp the insight of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics
    for a New Era, maintain a spirit of hard work and accountability, and always maintain the passion for innovation
    and entrepreneurship, thereby providing a strong organizational guarantee for promoting high-quality corporate
    development.

    The Party Committee of Fosun Pharma has always insisted on leading the spiritual civilization construction by core socialist
    values. In 2023, the Company maintained the title of “Civilized Unit of Shanghai City”. Led by the Party Committee,
    and regarding the hot topics concerned by employees, key points of corporate development, and crucial points of
    organizational construction as the starting point, the labor union continues to strengthen its organizational construction,
    strives to serve and unite employees, and supports the economic development of the corporate, such that employees
    can have a sense that the labor union is the “home of employees”. In 2023, the labor union of Fosun Pharma won the
    honorary title of “National Advanced Enterprise Labor Union with Double Caring and Double Evaluation” jointly awarded
    by the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security and the All-
    China Federation of Trade Unions. It is the only corporate labor union in Shanghai that has won such honor.

    With the guidance and support of the Party Committee of Fosun Pharma, the Group maintains steady growth in business
    performance, and continuously brings patients more accessible products and quality medical services. At the same time,
    the Group’s innovation strategy has been recognized and strongly supported by the Party and the government, and
    many innovations have been implemented in recent years, benefiting more patients and families, and contributing to the
    development of the pharmaceutical industry and people’s health.




                                                  Thematic Party Day Activity




                                                                                     2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   155
2. Product Responsibility

Adhering to the quality policy of “Respect for Life, Focus on Quality, Commitment to Perfection, and Pursuit of Excellence”, the
Group strengthens independent R&D and external cooperation, enriches its product pipelines and improves product quality, in
order to provide patients and customers with quality and accessible products and services.


2.1 Drug Accessibility

      2.1.1 Innovative R&D

            Innovation is the most important responsibility in the sustainable development of the Group. The Group is patient-
            centered and driven by clinical needs. Through the open innovation model encompassing independent R&D,
            collaborative development, license introduction and in-depth incubation, the Group focused on the core therapeutic
            areas such as oncology (solid tumors and hematological tumors), immunology, central nervous system and chronic
            diseases (liver disease/metabolic disease/kidney disease), as well as improving the core technology platforms
            of small molecules, antibodies/ADCs, cellular therapies and RNAs, so as to build an open, global, efficient and
            comprehensive “end-to-end” R&D system from project establishment, early research to clinical stage. The Group
            continued to enhance pipeline value, promote the R&D and commercialization of FIC (First-in-class) and BIC (Best-in-
            class) products and enrich its innovative product pipeline.




        Open R&D ecology                                                                                      Core therapeutic areas
                                                                              Chronic diseases (liver disease, metabolic disease, kidney disease)

                                   Independent R&D



                   Cooperative development

                                                                     Tumor                                                             Central
                                                                  immunization                                                         nervous
                                                                                                   Three strategic
                                                                                                    core areas &                       system
                    License introduction                                                            opportunistic
                                                 Creating a highly dynamic                           strategies
                                                    and efficient global
                                                     R&D system that is
                                   In-depth         innovation-oriented
                                   incubation        and results-driven
                                                                                             Opportunistic strategies:
                                                                                               Areas including rare
                                                                                             diseases, anti-infectives,
                                           Core R&D system & capabilities                         cardiovascular
                                       - Efficient and comprehensive “end-to-end” R&D capability from project establishment to launch
                                       - Driven by clinical value, FIC+BIC pipeline proportion over 80%
                                       - Accelerated pipeline selection and dynamic evaluation



            R&D Investment


            In 2023, the R&D expenditure of the Group amounted to RMB5,937 million (including capitalization expenses),
            of which R&D expenses amounted to RMB4,346 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.02%. R&D
            expenditures in the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment amounted to RMB5,172 million, representing a year-
            on-year increase of 1.47%.




156 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
2. Product Responsibility



       R&D capability improvement

       The Group continuously strengthened its R&D capability and promoted technological innovation and product
       upgrading through diversified R&D incentives and a comprehensive R&D team training system.
       In view of the characteristics of our R&D business, the Group formulated various ESOP (Employee Stock Ownership
       Plan) incentive plans, such as innovative drug R&D incentives, generic drug CMC R&D incentives and ESOPs which
       are in line with the characteristics of domestic and overseas incubator platforms and incubates, so as to effectively
       achieve retention and incentives of key core R&D personnel to grow and develop with the enterprise in the long
       term.
       In terms of R&D capacity building, the Group adopted a training method that combines online and offline to ensure
       that the R&D team is constantly update with the latest trends and to enhance their professionalism. During the
       Reporting Period, the Group launched the “Special Training Camp for R&D Managers” and organized a series of
       R&D courses and activities on the global R&D center platform to continuously improve its R&D capabilities.



         Innovative R&D Capacity Building (Global R&D Center)

         In 2023, the global R&D center continued to provide training and empowerment for innovative pharmaceutical
         R&D project managers. Starting from the capabilities required for innovative R&D, the global R&D center
         established a competency model for project managers through interviews and refinement of successful traits,
         and assessed the gaps between requirements and capability through professional assessment tools. At the
         same time, a series of training and development activities, including leadership training, practice sharing, and
         cross-departmental experience development, were launched on such basis. During the period, the global R&D
         center cooperated with the Talent Development Center on the content side and the platform side, launched
         two brands of professional competency building, “Fosun R&D Sharing” and “R&D Knowledge Base”, produced
         more than 50 professional courses in 15 modules consecutively, which covered innovative drug R&D and
         life-cycle management, and continued to build a knowledge base of professional capabilities. With course
         resources stored and gathered through the online learning platform, the Group provided employees with rich
         and convenient academic systems and courses and updated industry knowledge.

                                                      Clinical                    Project
                                                   Pharmacology                 Management
                                    Early Research             Pharmacovigilance
                                                           Clinical                         Medical Affairs
                                                          Medicine
                                      Pre-clinical                           Clinical QA
                                                        Clinical
                                                                                             Marketing
                                                       Operations
                                      Translational                          Registration
                                        Medicine
                                                      Biostatistics & Data
                                                                                               Others
                                                         Management
                                         CMC                                  Patents


                                                        R&D Knowledge Base




                                                                                             2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   157
2. Product Responsibility



        R&D Achievements


        As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had over 70 major innovative drug and biosimilar projects under
        development (by indications).


        Launched core innovative products of the Group:


          Product name                         Generic name                 Product information
                                ®
          Han Li Kang                          Rituximab injection          The first biosimilar in China
                                    ®
          Han Qu You (Europe product Trastuzumab injection                  The first domestic self-developed monoclonal antibody biosimilar
             name: Zercepac®, Australia                                     in China approved in both China and Europe
                                        ®
             product name: Tuzucip ,
             Trastucip®)
          Han Si Zhuang® (Indonesia            Serplulimab injection        The first self-developed innovative monoclonal antibody H drug
             product name: Zerpidio®)
          Han Da Yuan®                         Adalimumab injection         The first domestic adalimumab biosimilar with GMP certified
                                                                            production base approved in both China and Europe
                                ®
          Han Bei Tai                          Bevacizumab injection        The only bevacizumab with phase III clinical trial statistics of
                                                                            metastatic colorectal cancer in China Biosimilar
          Comirnaty Bivalent mRNA              /                            Full coverage of the Omicron variant, can be received in Hong
             Vaccine                                                        Kong and Macau at own expense
                        ®Note
          Yi Kai Da                            Ejilunsai injection          The first CAR-T cell therapy product approved for launch in China
                            ®
          Jie Bei An                           Azvudine tablets             The first domestic COVID-19 small molecule oral drug
          Artesun®                             Artesunate injection         First-line drug for the treatment of severe malaria recommended
                                                                            by the WHO Guidelines for the Treatment of Malaria
                        ®
          Argesun                              Artesunate injection         The first artesunate injectable presented with a single solvent
                                                                            system approved by the WHO prequalification in the world
                            ®
          Su Ke Xin                            Avatrombopag maleate         The first oral drug approved for the treatment of
                                               tablets                      thrombocytopenia related to chronic liver diseases in the world
                        ®
          Akynzeo                              Netupitant and               The first and only innovative dual-channel antiemetic drug in the
                                               palonosetron                 world
                                               hydrochloride capsules
                 ®
          Pei Jin                              Telpegfilgrastim injection   New generation of long-acting white blood cell booster drug in
                                                                            China with independent intellectual property rights
                        ®
          Bei Wen                              Keverprazan                  The first potassium ion competitive acid blocker (P-CAB)
                                               hydrochloride tablets        independently developed in China for the treatment of duodenal
                                                                            ulcer (DU) and reflux esophagitis (RE)
                            ®
          Yi Xin Tan                           Sacubitril valsartan         First-line drug for the treatment of heart failure and hypertension
                                               sodium tablets               in an innovative crystalline form
                    ®
          Otezla                               Apremilast tablets           The first oral phosphodiesterase-4 (PDE4) inhibitor for the
                                                                            treatment of plaque psoriasis in China


        Note: Product of Fosun Kite, a joint venture




158 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
2. Product Responsibility



        R&D Ethics

        While the fostering continuous innovation and R&D to bring more hope of cure to patients, the Group also pays attention
        to the ethical issues in the R&D process. In the early clinical stage, we conduct of ethical animal experiments and protect
        experimental animals. In the late-clinical stage, we comply with relevant regulations and ethical standards, respect and
        protect the life, health and legal rights of the subjects and safeguard the dignity of human beings.
        Laboratory animals are the fundamental elements and important supporting conditions for life science research,
        while animal experiments are the basic means of life science research. The Group manages laboratory animals
        in three ways, including laboratory animals, animal experiments and facility operation. Specifically: breeding,
        reproduction, raising, quality control, disease prevention and diagnosis of laboratory animals, research on the
        reaction and performance of laboratory animals during experiments, and their occurrence mechanism, development
        rules and supporting conditions, as well as the operating conditions of the environmental facilities for laboratory
        animals. During the reproduction and experiments of laboratory animals, the Group raises and uses laboratory
        animals scientifically and humanely, proactively improves animal raising environment, protects rights of laboratory
        animals, continuously explores and carries out refined animal experiment technology, and reduces and replaces the
        use of laboratory animals, in active response to the animal ethics and animal welfare protection requirements.

        Intellectual Property Protection

        While actively conducting innovative R&D, the Group continuously improved its intellectual property management
        system. We complied with the national standard such as Enterprise Intellectual Property Management Standards
        and continued to implement the “blockbuster product intellectual property strategy”, improved patent quality with
        high standards, and comprehensively leveraged intellectual property systems such as patents, technical secrets and
        trademarks to build an intellectual property barrier for pharmaceutical R&D and innovation achievements.
        Combining intellectual property operation with the whole process of project initiation, R&D and marketing of
        new products, we have carried out a dynamic technical and legal analysis of project-related intellectual property
        rights during the project initiation and the whole research and development process, and identified and warned
        intellectual property risks. The Group has established intellectual property portfolios including patent portfolios for
        key products to prolong the life cycle of products and ensure the realization of the economic and social value of R&D
        investment.
        During the Reporting Period, the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment of the Group submitted 206 patent
        applications, including 5 American patents applications, 11 PCT applications, and the Group has obtained 74
        patents for invention.

   2.1.2 Access to Healthcare
        The Group has been adhering to the mission of “Better Health for Families Worldwide”, continuously focusing
        on unmet clinical needs and considering R&D and innovation as the most important responsibility in sustainable
        development. The Group established a clear and rich product R&D pipeline, fully took into account the medical
        needs in China and overseas pharmaceutical markets, formulated a differentiated strategy for global expansion and
        is committed to guarding the health of more patients.
        The Board is the highest responsible organization for access to healthcare issues and oversees the implementation
        of access to healthcare related work through the ESG Committee. The ESG Committee is responsible for reviewing
        the Group’s strategies, policies and performance on access to healthcare issues on an annual basis and reporting
        to the Board on the progress of such issues to ensure they are in line with the Group’s mission and to provide more
        accessible and affordable products and services to patients worldwide.
        The Group considers the promotion of access to healthcare as an important corporate responsibility and supports
        The Doha Declaration on the Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS) Agreement and Public
        Health and the provisions of the Patent Law of the People’s Republic of China on the compulsory licensing of relevant
        pharmaceutical patents for the purpose of public interest or in case of emergency. The Group explicitly supports
        reasonable generic drug competition. As at the end of the Reporting Period, a total of 32 products of the Group that
        had passed or deemed to have passed the consistency evaluation of generic drugs were selected in nine batches
        of national centralized drug procurement bidding. For the existing products included in centralized procurement,
        the Group leveraged the advantages of multi-channel marketing and lean production to strengthen the life cycle
        management of centralized procurement products while sacrificing price for volume, and actively promoted
        incremental products to quickly enter the market through centralized procurement. Meanwhile, for the least
        developed countries and low-income countries with actual demands, the Group will consider selecting suitable third
        parties and entering into voluntary licensing agreements in accordance with appropriate terms and conditions, so as to
        manufacture and export relevant medicines to such regions to enhance the well-being of the local population.




                                                                                      2023 ESG and Sustainability Report    159
2. Product Responsibility



        Paying attention to R&D in rare diseases

        Due to the extremely low market demand, limited R&D profits and lack of clinical drug experience, rare disease drugs
        have problems such as low R&D enthusiasm and excessive treatment burden. To focus on the huge unmet demand
        in this area, the Group is committed to accelerating the R&D of drugs for rare diseases and clinically urgently needed
        drugs, so as to fill the gaps in the field of treatment of related diseases and improve the accessibility of innovative
        therapeutic drugs to patients with rare diseases.

        During the Reporting Period, the Group launched 4 orphan drugs for rare diseases and had 10 orphan drugs for rare
        diseases under development.

                           Rare disease drugs launched and certain rare disease drugs under development

          Rare disease drugs                                       Indications                                                                   Marketing situation

          Gamma interferon                                         Chronic granulomatous disease                                                 Marketed

          Remodulin                                                Idiopathic pulmonary hypertension                                             Marketed

          Su Ke Xin                                                Immune thrombocytopenia                                                       Marketed

          Wei Ge Ding                                              Infantile severe myoclonic epilepsy                                           Marketed

          FCN-159                                                  Histiocytic tumors (Langerhans histiocytosis)                                 Under development
                                                                   Neurofibromatosis type I in adults                                            Under development

          HLX 208                                                  Langerhans cell histiocytosis (LCH) and Erdheim Chester                       Under development
                                                                     disease (ECD)




         Case: Effectively guarantee medication for patients with chronic granulomatous disease, bring attention to more rare disease patients

         Chronic granulomatous disease (CGD) is a rare primary immunodeficiency disease, with only a few hundred
         domestic cases reported over the years. CGD develops in infancy or early childhood, characterized by recurrent
         and severe bacterial and fungal infections and granuloma formation. The most typical clinical manifestations
         are recurrent fever and localized suppurative inflammation, which can be life-threatening in severe cases.

         In 2022, the Group’s self-developed “human interferon γ for injection” (trade name: CLONGAMMA®, or IFNγ)
         CGD indication was approved for marketing, which is the exclusive CGD immunotherapy drug marketed in
         China. Due to the rarity of the disease, the market demand for the drug is limited. The minimum batch size for
         the production of the drug is usually tens of thousands, which is expensive to produce. In addition, most of the
         products produced may be scrapped due to limited demand and sales. We uphold the concept of humanitarian
         treatment and insist on producing the drug even if it would result in a loss, so as to alleviate the suffering,
         reduce the lethality rate of children with rare diseases and bring hope of cure and survival to their families.




160 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
2. Product Responsibility



       Enhance Product Accessibility


       As at the end of the Reporting Period, several products of the Group, such as Artesun®, Argesun® (artesunate
       injection), Han Li Kang® (rituximab injection), Han Qu You® (trastuzumab injection), Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab
       injection), are constantly benefiting patients. Meanwhile, a range of innovative drugs and new indications of the
       Group were included in the National Medical Insurance Drug Catalogue, further improving the accessibility and
       affordability of innovative drugs. The new second-line indication of Yi Kai Da® (ejilunsai injection), the first domestic
       CAR-T cell therapy product, was approved, domestically-manufactured Da Vinci Surgical Robot was approved by
       NMPA, which continuously improve product accessibility and benefit more patients.


         Case: Yi Kai Da® innovative payment plan to increase accessibility of high quality CAR-T drugs to more patients

         In June 2023, the new second-line indication of Yi Kai Da ® (ejilunsai injection), the first domestic CAR-T
         cell therapy product of Fosun Kite, a joint venture, for treatment of adults patients with large B-cell
         lymphoma (r/r LBCL) refractory to first-line immunochemotherapy or relapsing within 12 months of first-line
         immunochemotherapy, was approved in Chinese mainland, which will bring the hope of cure to more patients
         with lymphoma that is refractory to first-line immunochemotherapy or relapses.

         For cancer patients, five-year survival rate is an important milestone, signaling that the cancer has been cured.
         By the end of 2023, Yi Kai Da® successfully treated more than 600 LBCL patients in China. According to research
         data, the five-year overall survival (OS) rate of patients treated with Yi Kai Da® is 42.6%; the five-year OS rate of
         patients in complete remission (CR) is 64.4%. 92% of patients who survive for 5 years do not need additional
         cancer treatment and may potentially be cured clinically.

         At the same time, Fosun Kite actively promoted the accessibility of CAR-T products. In terms of “accessibility”,
         Fosun Kite assisted hospitals across the country to establish more than 160 Yi Kai Da ® qualified treatment
         centers covering 25 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities, so that patients across the country
         can receive standardized CAR-T cell therapy in their vicinity. In terms of “affordability”, relying on the national
         multi-level medical insurance system, Fosun Kite actively explored innovative payment plans, such as including
         such drugs in the urban customized commercial supplementary insurance in various provinces and cities,
         and deepening cooperation with TPAs (Third Party Administrators) and insurance companies to improve the
         affordability of Yi Kai Da® for insured patients. As of 31 December 2023, Yi Kai Da® was included in the urban
         customized commercial supplementary insurance in more than 100 provinces and municipalities and 75
         commercial insurances. In January 2024, Fosun Kite launched China’s first lymphoma payment plan by value of
         efficacy to reduce patients’ financial burden.


                                                              • Launched China’s first biopharmaceutical innovative drug
                                                                “Payment by Efficacy Value Plan” centered on the concept
                                                                of “cure”. Yi Kai Da® will also be the first biopharmaceutical
                                                                innovative drug in China paid by efficacy value.
                                                              • Eligible patients who do not achieve a complete response (CR)
                          Payment by
                         Efficacy Value                         after treatment with Yi Kai Da ® will receive a refund up to
                              (PFP)                             RMB600,000.
                    Commercial insurances                     • Included in more than 75 commercial insurances
                            (CI)                              • Included in more than 100 provincial and municipal urban
                                                                customized commercial health insurances
                Urban customized commercial
                     health insurances
                           (CTI)




                                                                                              2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   161
2. Product Responsibility




          Case: Domestically-manufactured Da Vinci Surgical Robot to enhance accessibility to quality medical resources

          As at the end of the Reporting Period, the accumulated total installation volume of Da Vinci Surgical Robot
          of Intuitive Fosun, a joint venture, in China was more than 360. More than 420,000 patients had benefited
          from the Da Vinci Surgical Robot’s precise treatment and returned to normal life. More than 3,000 medical
          professionals received training on the Da Vinci Surgical System at the Da Vinci Innovation Center in Zhangjiang,
          Pudong, Shanghai.

          To further upgrade local medical care services and enhance the accessibility of quality medical care resources,
          the Da Vinci Surgical Robot has made several breakthroughs on its road to localization in 2023:

          In June 2023, the thoracic and abdominal endoscopy surgical control system (domestically-manufactured Da
          Vinci Xi Surgical System) of Intuitive Fosun, which can be applied in endoscopic surgeries in urology, general
          surgery, obstetrics and gynecology, thoracic surgery etc., was approved by NMPA;

          In August 2023, Intuitive Fosun obtained the medical device manufacturing certificate for domestically-
          manufactured surgical robots;

          In October 2023, the first domestically-manufactured Da Vinci Xi Surgical Robot was officially applied, realizing
          the mission of “Made in China, Joint R&D and Global Distribution”.

          At the same time, the “Da Vinci China Tour” organized by Intuitive Fosun covered 57 cities in 22 provincial
          administrative regions of China in 2023, and carried out Da Vinci Surgical Robot trial activities in 80 hospitals.
          A total of more than 3,500 medical care personnels experienced the innovative technology of Da Vinci Surgical
          Robot. The robot was shown to and recognized by more hospital administrators, doctors and patients, and
          benefited more patients.



                                        Installation volume: More than 360

                                        Surgery amount More than 500,000

                                        More than 3,000 medical professionals
                                        received training on the Da Vinci Surgical
                                        System at the Da Vinci Innovation Center
                                        in Zhangjiang, Pudong, Shanghai




162 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
2. Product Responsibility



       Serving patients worldwide and helping developing countries in building public health capacity


       We stay rooted in China and extend presence globally. The Group is committed to providing high quality medical
       care solutions to patients worldwide and actively expanding business in emerging markets, including Africa, India
       and Southeast Asia, so as to continuously enhance the accessibility of medicines in developing countries. As at the
       end of the Reporting Period, the Group had established 5 regional distribution centers in emerging markets such as
       Africa, with an overseas commercialization team of approximately 1,000 people, making every effort to enhance
       the accessibility of medicines. Southeast Asia is a key emerging market region for expansion of the Group. We will
       develop the pharmaceutical market in this region, especially in ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations)
       countries, through various business models such as BD and agency cooperation.




                                                                                2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   163
2. Product Responsibility




          Case: Innovative development of “Artemisinin” continued to enhance malaria prevention and treatment capability in Africa

          As a leading global R&D and production enterprise of anti-malaria drugs, anti-malaria drugs produced under the R&D
          and innovation of the Group cover malaria prevention, general malaria treatment and severe malaria treatment. A total
          of 33 products in the anti-malaria series were approved by WHO PQ (i.e. WHO Pre-qualification), which have made
          significant contribution to malaria prevention and treatment in countries and regions such as Africa.
          In 2010, Artesun®, an artesunate injection independently developed and manufactured by the Group, was approved
          by WHO PQ. Since 2011, it has been recommended by WHO as a first-line drug for the treatment of severe malaria in
          children and adults. At the same time, the Group is also a supplier of anti-malaria drugs of the Global Fund, UNICEF,
          WHO and African governments. By the end of 2023, Artesun® (artesunate for injection) has saved more than 68 million
          patients with severe malaria globally, and the number of children in Africa who have used oral malaria prophylaxis has
          reached 258 million.
          Meanwhile, the Group went deep into the remote areas of African villages and meet the needs of clinicians through
          continuous innovation. Through process optimization, the Group independently developed and launched the second
          generation of artesunate injection (trade name: Argesun®), which is the first single-solvent artesunate injection approved
          by WHO PQ in the world. The preparation time of the drug was reduced from 3 minutes to 1 minute, which can save
          the time for treating patients with severe malaria. Meanwhile, the concentration of Argesun® was standardized for
          intravenous and intramuscular injections, which makes it more convenient and safer for clinical purposes.
          Artemisinin medicines developed with China’s scientific research efforts have become a ticket for China’s innovative
          medicines to go global. According to the WHO World Malaria Report 2023, globally in 2022, there were an estimated
          249 million malaria cases and 608,000 malaria deaths. Sub-Saharan Africa accounted for more than 95% of the global
          malaria cases and deaths. Globally, an estimated 11.7 million malaria deaths were averted in the period 2000-2022.
          Among them, the average malaria mortality rate (number of deaths per 100,000 population at risk) in Africa decreased
          from 0.14% per 100,000 population to 0.055%, from 142.6 per 100,000 population in 2020 to 55.5 in 2022. The
          widespread use of artemisinin medicines is one of the key success factors. Several global multi-center phase III clinical
          studies and real-world data have shown that artesunate injection is effective in reducing malaria mortality rate.
          In addition to continuous innovation, donation and supply of malaria prevention and treatment drugs, the Group actively
          cooperated with African countries in healthcare issues such as malaria prevention and control, contributing to the
          improvement of the global public healthcare system and the building of a human healthcare system.
          Since 2006, the Group has been actively cooperating with the Chinese government in the fight against malaria in Africa,
          and has been organizing malaria prevention and control workshops for African health authorities to enhance the local
          malaria prevention and control capacity in Africa. Since 2014, the Group, together with experts in the field of malaria
          prevention and treatment, has launched more than 20 “eCME Multimedia Online Medical Training” programs in regard
          to different topics to enhance the professional knowledge of local medical personnel and local healthcare standards in
          Africa.
          As at the end of the Reporting Period, the eCME program had covered nearly 10 African countries, including Kenya,
          Tanzania, Uganda, Malawi, Zambia, Ghana, Cote d'Ivoire and Burkina Faso. On 12 October 2023, a symposium on
          “Creating a New Era in the Treatment of Severe Malaria”, jointly organized by the Group and the Department of Health
          of the Executive Council of the City of Kisumu, Kenya, was held in Kisumu, Kenya. A number of authoritative experts,
          including Dr. Kibor Keitany, Head of the National Malaria Prevention and Control Program of the Ministry of Health of
          Kenya, Professor Arjen Dondorp, Professor of the Mahidol Oxford Tropical Medicine Research Unit at the University of
          Oxford and Professor Gilbert Onyango Kokwaro, Strathmore University, Kenya, delivered speeches and introduced the
          global trend of severe malaria in recent years, especially in Africa, as well as the latest drugs and clinical management
          programs to more than 30 malaria technical officers from African countries and 120 frontline healthcare workers from
          Kisumu, Kenya, as well as more than 50 malaria control and treatment specialists and clinicians online from 6 malaria-
          endemic African countries.




          In addition, the Group, in collaboration with the National Malaria Control Program in Africa, continued to carry out the
          “Promoting Malaria Prevention Knowledge among Children Program” in 14 malaria-prone countries in Africa, targeting
          at the community level, in order to raise the awareness of malaria prevention among the local population in Africa, and
          to help reduce the incidence rate of malaria and interrupt the transmission of malaria in the community.




164 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
2. Product Responsibility




         Case: Promoting the production of local medicines and providing free medical aid to enhance the medical and healthcare capabilities of developing countries

         To achieve localized pharmaceutical manufacturing and supply in Africa and to enhance the accessibility and
         affordability of pharmaceutical and healthcare products in the African region, the Group’s Cote d’Ivoire park
         project was initiated in November 2022. The project is planned to be carried out in three phases, with the first
         phase expected to be completed in 2024. Upon completion of the project, the production capacity of the park
         will be expanded to 5 billion tablets per year and include a warehouse with a storage capacity of 10,000 pallets,
         which is expected to bring nearly 1,000 job opportunities to the Greater Bassam area and effectively promote
         the development of the pharmaceutical industry in Cote d’Ivoire. In June 2023, the International Finance
         Corporation (IFC) announced the provision of two loans totaling EUR50 million to Fosun Pharma’s subsidiaries
         in order to support the establishment of pharmaceutical production facilities and distribution centers in Cote
         d’Ivoire, which will jointly enhance the accessibility and affordability of high-quality pharmaceutical products in
         the West African region.
         In terms of medical assistance in developing countries, Fosun Pharma supports the “Cataract Blindness Elimination
         Project” organized by the Hong Kong GX Foundation, an international medical humanitarian aid organization.
         Since 2022, Fosun Pharma has donated RMB5 million annually to GX Foundation and for three consecutive years
         provides free surgical assistance to poor cataract patients in developing countries along the “One Belt and One
         Road”. Cataract is the world’s leading blinding eye disease. Many patients in developing countries lose their
         eyesight due to lack of timely and effective treatment restricted by economic and medical conditions.
         Following the launch of the program in Laos and Cambodia in 2022, we organized and dispatched
         ophthalmologists from China in 2023 to provide surgical assistance in Gibraltar in East Africa and Mauritania
         and Senegal in West Africa. As of March 2024, 18 batches of ophthalmology medical teams totaling more than
         130 persons have been dispatched, which completed more than 10,000 cataract surgeries and improved the
         medical and healthcare standards of developing countries.


       Fair pricing of drugs

       Adhering to the mission of “Better Health for Families Worldwide”, we are committed to providing quality medicines
       at reasonable prices to patients. On the basis of our existing practice, we issued the “Fair Pricing Policy of Shanghai
       Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.” in 2022 and continued to promote the innovative development of the
       pharmaceutical industry to benefit patients and customers. We are committed to following the WHO definition of “fair
       pricing”, which is a value-based pricing, while taking into full consideration of factors such as the level of economic
       development of each region, patients’ needs and affordability. We adopt different product structures and pricing
       strategies for markets in different country to ensure that the pricing of the Group’s products are priced to reflect
       value to patients, the healthcare system and the local community as a whole.




                                                            Human
                                                                                                         Local public                                     Local patient
         Local GDP                                       Development
                                                                                                           medical                                         needs and
           level                                          Index of the
                                                                                                         investment                                       affordability
                                                         United Nations



                                                                        Pricing Considerations

       The Group adheres to the principle of matching quality and price, pays attention to the transparency of drug
       pricing, facilitates the rationality and fairness of drug pricing, and promotes pharmaceutical products to benefit
       more patients. At present, the Group regularly discloses the winning bid prices of centralized procurement of drugs
       in the annual reports. In the future, more information about drug prices will be disclosed to help the public better
       understand our pricing practices.




                                                                                                                              2023 ESG and Sustainability Report          165
2. Product Responsibility




          Case: Significant increase in accessibility as 3 new drugs entering the Medical Insurance Drug Catalogue

          On 13 December 2023, the National Healthcare Security Administration announced the adjustment results
          of the National Medical Insurance Drug Catalogue, which became effective in January 2024. 3 of the Group’s
          domestically-manufactured new drugs were included in the new version of National Medical Insurance Drug
          Catalogue for the first time, including Bei Wen® (keverprazan hydrochloride tablets), the first potassium ion
          competitive acid blocker (P-CAB) independently developed in China, Pei Jin® (telpegfilgrastim injection), a
          long-lasting recombinant human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor product with independent intellectual
          property rights, and Yi Xin Tan® (sacubitril valsartan sodium tablets), a first-line drug for the treatment of heart
          failure and hypertension in an innovative crystalline form. This will significantly improve the accessibility of
          medicines for relevant diseases in China, effectively reduce the burden of medication on patients, and enable
          more patients to improve their survival rate and quality of life through standardized treatment.




        Promoting rational use of medicines


        Due to the rapid development of the pharmaceutical industry and the abuse of antibiotics, antimicrobial resistance
        has become a medical problem in countries around the globe. WHO has declared it as one of the major public health
        threats to humanity in the 21st century. An increasing number of diseases are becoming more difficult to treat due
        to a decline in the effectiveness of antibiotics used to treat diseases. The market for multidrug-resistant antibiotics
        has increased as aging increases and herd immunity declines in the post-pandemic era.


        In order to curb the serious harm of antibiotic resistance to medical progress, the Group pays close attention
        to and calls for the scientific and prudent use of antibiotics, and abides by the management measures such as
        Administrative Measures for the Clinical Application of Antimicrobial Drugs and Notice on Further Strengthening
        the Management of Antimicrobial Drugs to Contain Drug Resistance continues to strengthen the management of
        prescription drugs, and actively promotes R&D in the field of antibiotics to deal with drug resistance.


        As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had a total of 2 innovative drug products under the antibiotic
        resistance category under research and development: (1) novel monocyclic β-lactam antibiotic SZEY-2018, a small-
        molecule innovative drug independently developed by the Group, which is intended to be mainly used for the clinical
        treatment of Carbapenem Resistant Enterobacteriaceae (CRE) infection with limited options, which is currently in
        Phase I clinical trial; (2) OP0595, a small molecule innovative β-lactamase inhibitor developed by Fobeni, a subsidiary,
        in collaboration with Meiji Seika Pharma Co., Ltd. for the treatment of Carbapenem Resistant Enterobacteriaceae
        (CRE) infections, which is approved for Phase I and III clinical trials.




166 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
2. Product Responsibility



2.2 Quality Management

   As a healthcare industry group focusing on pharmaceutical manufacturing and R&D, the Group regards quality as
   the lifeline of the enterprise and ensures that the quality policy of “Respect for Life, Focus on Quality, Commitment to
   Perfection, and Pursuit of Excellence” is implemented throughout the entire life cycle of products. We have formulated
   a five-year (2021-2025) quality strategy that is stable, mature and efficient, and we are committed to building a “quality
   operation system with domestic leading advantages, in compliance with mainstream international regulations, and with
   international competitiveness”.




   Continue to carry out quality                                                                Develop the digital information
   system evaluation, improve          Stable                             Efficient             system and carry out the quality
   quality in-depth compliance,                                                                 talent promotion plan
   and strengthen quality
   capacity growth and quality
   culture construction


                                                        Mature



                                              Develop a full life-cycle quality
                                              management system, build a quality
                                              management platform and promote
                                              international quality management


                                                5-year quality strategy




                                                                                   2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   167
2. Product Responsibility



    2.2.1 Quality Management System

        In accordance with the Good Manufacturing Practice for Drugs (2010 Revision), WHO and ICHQ9 (Guidelines
        for Quality Risk Management of the International Council for Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for
        Pharmaceuticals for Human Use), we have established a lifecycle quality control system covering the stages including
        raw material procurement, production, and storage of finished products to ensure safety and control of product
        quality.


        In order to better promote daily quality control, the duty of quality control were split into different levels to further
        ensure the effectiveness of the quality control system.




                                                      Quality policy



                                                 Group SOPs/guidelines/
                                                   work instructions




                                           Corporate SOPs/work instructions




                                            SOP-based documents/records



                                      Four-level quality system structure system

        As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had issued a total of 19 GMP technical guides and the process of
        key quality elements is becoming increasingly standardized. The Group continued to follow the pace of updating
        domestic and international regulations and continued to provide technical support for the quality improvement of
        subsidiaries, to promote the construction and management of quality system with a global perspective and level.


        In order to ensure the effectiveness of the quality management measures, all manufacturing subsidiaries of the
        Group have established an optimized quality management system in strict accordance with GMP or ISO 9001
        requirements, with a coverage rate of 100%, and have received multiple certifications. As at the end of the
        Reporting Period, all manufacturing subsidiaries of the Group in the pharmaceutical sector met the requirements
        of GMP 2010 and all manufacturing subsidiaries in the medical devices sector complied with the new version of the
        “Quality Management Practice for Manufacturing of Medical Devices”.




168 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
2. Product Responsibility



        Quality certification and          Quality certification compliance of subsidiaries in the pharmaceuticals sector
               inspection                                         as at the end of the Reporting Period


                                      All subsidiaries in the pharmaceutical sector with production sites in Chinese mainland met
                                      the requirements of GMP 2010, with a quality management system coverage rate of 100%. A
                                      number of the subsidiaries have obtained quality certificates for overseas regulated markets

            Compliance with
                                      90 sterile preparation production lines, 31 oral preparation production lines and 81 APIs have
              China’s GMP
                                      passed China’s GMP inspection

                                      The GMP official certification rate of the pharmaceutical commercial production line has
                                      reached 100%


                                      As at the end of the Reporting Period, a total of 9 production lines and related APIs have passed
                                      the GMP compliance inspections in mainstream overseas regulatory markets, including:

                                      2 sterile preparation production lines, 2 oral preparation production lines and 11 APIs have
                                      passed the US FDA GMP compliance inspection

                                      3 sterile preparation production lines and 4 APIs have passed the EU GMP compliance
                                      inspection

                                      6 APIs have passed the Japan PMDA (Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency) GMP
                                      compliance inspection

            Compliance with           1 oral solid preparation production line, 6 APIs and 3 injection production lines have passed the
             overseas GMP             WHO GMP compliance inspection

                                      2 APIs and 2 sterile preparation production lines have passed the Brazilian Health Regulatory
                                      Agency GMP compliance inspection

                                      3 APIs have passed the Australian Therapeutic Goods Administration GMP compliance
                                      inspection

                                      1 sterile preparation production lines has passed the Indonesian Food and Drug Authority GMP
                                      compliance inspection

                                      The GMP official certification rate of pharmaceutical production lines sold overseas has reached
                                      100%


                                      5 subsidiaries in the pharmaceutical sector have passed ISO 9001:2015 certification

        ISO quality management
                                      1 subsidiary in the pharmaceutical sector has passed ISO/IEC 17025 certification
           system certification

                                      The passing rate of ISO certification for subsidiaries in the pharmaceutical sector is 37%


                                      Subsidiaries in the pharmaceutical sector received a total of 111 official inspections and official
        Official quality inspection
                                      sample tests on more than 687 batches, all of which were passed




                                                                                          2023 ESG and Sustainability Report        169
2. Product Responsibility



                                            Quality certification compliance of subsidiaries in the medical devices sector
                     Item
                                                                 as at the end of the Reporting Period

              Compliance with          All manufacturing subsidiaries in the medical devices sector complied with the new version of
           management regulations      the “Quality Management Practice for Manufacturing of Medical Devices”

                                       8 subsidiaries in the medical devices sector have passed ISO13485:2016 certification
           ISO quality management
                                       1 subsidiary in the medical devices sector has passed ISO 9001:2015 certification
              system certification
                                       Approximately 72% of medical devices subsidiaries received ISO certification

              Other international      Multiple products of 4 subsidiaries in the medical devices sector have passed CE (Conformite
                 certification         Europeenne) product certification

                                       12 domestic medical device subsidiaries received a total of 37 official inspections, all of which
              Official inspection
                                       were passed smoothly




           Case: Establishing a quality control system for mRNA COVID-19 vaccines

           In 2023, as the entity for the commercialization of mRNA COVID-19 vaccines in the Greater China and in
           compliance with the regulatory requirements such as the Drug Administration Law of the People’s Republic
           of China and the Vaccine Administration Law of the People’s Republic of China and market regulations of the
           Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan region, Fosun Pharmaceutical Industrial continuously conducted quality control
           for the supply of emergency use authorization (EUA) of mRNA vaccines in Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan
           region and the official registration of the marketed products. In addition, it provided support for the quality
           work related to the commercialization of new Omicron Bivalent mRNA vaccine types for children and infants,
           and provided complete and quality data to governments to effectively ensure the release of each batch based
           on the fully established operational quality management system.



    2.2.2 Quality Testing Capability
         Quality testing is a top priority for pharmaceutical companies, which is not only related to the safety and efficacy of
         the products, but also a pharmaceutical company’s adherence to its social responsibilities. The Group has established
         a comprehensive quality testing and monitoring system to ensure the quality and stability of our products through
         laboratory monitoring and accurate measurement throughout the production process.

         We conduct regular precautionary testing on all our products and services, including testing of raw and auxiliary
         materials, intermediate process testing, procedure control and certification, product release testing and stability
         testing of biological products, in order to identify and eliminate potential quality and safety issues in a timely
         manner. All subsidiaries in the pharmaceutical sector have internal quality control laboratories and have formulated
         corporate internal control standards based on the requirements of the pharmacopoeias of the target markets (e.g.
         ChP, USP, EP), registration standards approved by the local regulatory authorities, industry standards (e.g. GB,
         ISO), and in conjunction with the characteristics of the product processes, which cover the key quality attributes of
         all products. For emerging quality issues that are not yet listed in national and industry standards, the Group have
         collaborated with a number of peer companies to formulate joint testing standards. At the same time, 15% of our
         subsidiaries have obtained CNAS (China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment) accreditation
         for their quality control laboratories. Testing conducted by the laboratory of the subsidiaries covers 100% of the
         products manufactured by the Company, while testing of products manufactured by third parties are conducted
         by such third parties. For testing results that exceed the standards, we have formulated the “Technical Guide
         for Laboratory Test Results Exceeding Standards” to clarify the inspection process and handle batches that are
         confirmed to exceed standards after inspection.




170 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
2. Product Responsibility



                                           •     We follow the legal and regulatory requirements to calibrate equipment on a
          Testing of                             regular basis
       raw materials and                   •     We perform testing and inspection activities in accordance with the raw
                                                 material quality control procedures. According to the technical standards
      auxiliary materials
                                                 and production needs of the required materials, we strictly control the
        and equipment                            qualifications of suppliers and carry out sample inspections or on-site
                                                 inspections



                                           •     According to the requirements of production process, internal control of
                                                 finished product quality and registration standards, we formulate quality
         Testing of
                                                 inspection standards for intermediate products in a targeted manner to
       intermediate                              ensure that the planning and execution of the product production process
          products                               conform to the production plan regulations and reduce potential quality
                                                 problems




                                           •     All our products and ingredients are handled and stored in accordance with
          Testing of                             appropriate storage conditions and approved written storage procedures
      packing materials                    •     Special personnels examine quality of products according to the internal
         and product                             control quality standards of finished products of the Group. Our products
                                                 shall be released or put into use by the quality authorized person after the
        release testing
                                                 inspection certificate is issued


                                           Full life-cycle product quality inspections



       In 2023, the Group continuously deepened the transformation and implementation of the digitalization of quality
       control, and enhanced the coverage of various digitalized systems in our subsidiaries, such as LIMS (Laboratory
       Information Management System), ELN (Electronic Laboratory Notebook), DMS (Document Management System),
       TMS (Training Management System) and QMS (Quality Management System). The Group actively explored the
       application of automated robots and artificial intelligence technologies in various R&D and production scenarios. The
       Group adopted a lean and digitalized strategy to ensure the continuous quality improvement of our pharmaceutical
       products while reducing cost, increasing efficiency and eliminating wastage.


       According to the guidelines of the Group’s “Intelligent Manufacturing Technology Guide”, a number of key
       digitization projects have been implemented and launched in various subsidiaries, such as the completion of the
       launch of the LIMS/ELN laboratory management and electronic experiment record system in two companies and
       the commencement of two new projects. Through internal and external cooperation, the Group has established
       digitalized self-development capability and developed applications such as laboratory scheduling system, PV
       data system and instrument and equipment management system, which effectively reduced the cost pressure of
       digitalization.




                                                                                    2023 ESG and Sustainability Report     171
2. Product Responsibility



    2.2.3 Quality Audit
         The Group conducts quality audits for its subsidiaries annually in accordance with the quality requirements of
         international standards, which has taken into consideration the quality system, production, documentation,
         materials, laboratory control and equipment and facilities, so as to comprehensively enhance and assess the quality
         system throughout the life cycle of pharmaceutical products, strictly control quality risks, and identify and rectify
         defects of the quality management in a timely manner. This ensures the production of high standard pharmaceutical
         products in compliance with international and domestic GMP conditions to satisfy patients’ needs. During the
         Reporting Period, the Group conducted a total of 9 GMP audits and quality system evaluations of subsidiaries in the
         pharmaceutical manufacturing segment.

         In 2023, subsidiaries in the medical devices segment formulated and implemented corporate internal audit scheme
         in accordance with the “Quality Management Practice for Manufacturing of Medical Devices” and ISO 13485:2016,
         and completed a total of 4 quality audits, 2 system surveys and 4 regulatory studies on subsidiaries in the medical
         devices segment. In 2023, the medical diagnosis segment conducted 3 cross-audits on internal quality control
         system in its production bases in accordance with the regulatory requirements of the “Quality Management Practice
         for Manufacturing of Medical Devices”, the “Quality Management Practice for Manufacturing of Medical Devices
         and Appendix In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents” and ISO 13485:2016. The results of the audits were all excellent.

         Meanwhile, the Group conducts regular audits on suppliers through qualification audits, document audits and on-
         site audits, and implements targeted and continuous quality control measures.

    2.2.4 Quality Culture
         The Group always adheres to the building and promotion of quality culture. Through continuous quality
         management month activities, the Group ensures all of its employees deeply study the laws and regulations on
         quality, thus strengthening the awareness of employees on quality risks and creating a positive quality culture
         atmosphere.




          Case: Quality and safety training

          In order to deepen the promotion of quality culture concept, the Group organizes product quality and
          safety training for all employees every year. During the Reporting Period, we have launched the special
          training of “Focusing on Both Quality and Safety, Compliance and Efficiency — Compliance Requirements
          on Drug Warning in Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Industry”, which helped employees to build quality
          awareness, strengthened their sensitivity on behaviors that might affect quality, and promoted the continuous
          improvement in product and service quality level.




172 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
2. Product Responsibility



       On the basis of quality culture building, we also conduct special quality trainings for different business segments so
       as to further standardize the production operations of employees and enhance their awareness on quality. During
       the Reporting Period, the quality-related trainings conducted by the Group in the Quality Month Campaign covered
       all business personnel in relation to quality operations. We update and deliver our quality requirements for suppliers
       annually, aiming to enhance the awareness and capability of suppliers on quality management.


       In response to the laws and regulations promulgated in 2023, headquarters of Fosun Pharma and its subsidiaries
       proactively organize a comprehensive learning program for quality regulations, vigorously promote the ability of
       quality management staff, improve regulation and policy sensitivity, and identify and evaluate regulatory risk to
       ensure that the Company operates in a compliant and stable manner. In 2023, the Group invited Dr. Gao Guang,
       the chief quality consultant, to carry out training on Strategy for Facing FDA Inspection within the Group to focus on
       FDA audits, so as to improve subsidiaries’ inspection experience and international certification capabilities.


       In 2023, subsidiaries in the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment formulated and implemented training plans
       regarding quality laws and regulations, skills for positions, procedure requirements and other aspects based on the
       GMP requirements. The annual average quality training hours per employee exceeded 87 hours, representing a
       year-on-year increase of approximately 8.75% as compared to 2022.

       Quality Training of Major Pharmaceutical Subsidiaries in 2023                                               Unit: Hours
                                 Wanbang           Yao      Guilin      Avanc    Suzhou     Red Flag       Fosun Shanghai
       Item                          Pharma    Pharma     Pharma       Pharma        Erye    Pharma        Aleph     Henlius



       Average training time
         per employee                 96.63      56.78       96.28      35.45       56.92      64.54      123.04       160.56



       In 2023, the annual average training hours per employee of subsidiaries in the medical devices segment reached
       13.80 hours. The annual average quality training hours per employee in the medical diagnosis segment exceeded 6
       hours, and the training coverage of core quality personnel was 100%.




         Case: The fifth Quality Management Month Campaign

         In September to November 2023, the Group conducted the fifth Quality Management Month campaign,
         covering all subsidiaries in the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment. The campaign aims to enhance the
         quality risk awareness of all employees, facilitate improvement in quality management in line with trends,
         and promote continuous innovation and improvement. The Quality Management Month campaign included
         opening ceremony, publishing of campaign posters, display of different corporate quality culture slogans, as
         well as the quality forums, “Cloud” factory visit conducted by the Group and various quality culture activities
         independently initiated by subsidiaries. During the Quality Management Month, various subsidiaries conducted
         excellent quality culture promotion activities, such as quality quiz for all employees, special quality forum,
         election of Star of Quality and others, boosting the enthusiasm of employees in joining thanks to the novel
         mode of these activities.




                                                                                  2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   173
2. Product Responsibility



    2.2.5 Management of lean operations

        In 2023, Fosun Pharma established the FES Committee to improve the management of its operations. At the
        same time, we continuously promoted Fosun Pharma Operation Excellence (FOPEX) in our subsidiaries to improve
        the enterprise management level and the operational efficiency of enterprises. The project utilized the PMO
        management platform to achieve online project management and further promote the digital transformation of
        enterprises. In 2023, there were 550 new FOPEX Projects, including quality, cost, efficiency, cycle time and R&D. As
        at the end of the Reporting Period, a total of 443 projects had been completed with annual income of approximately
        RMB180 million.




          Case: Yao Pharma optimized its production process with a cost reduction of over 50%

          Yao Pharma, a subsidiary, finally achieved self-sufficiency of the intermediate MPA-V through the process
          development and industrialization of the highly difficult intermediate, thus greatly reducing the risk of
          outsourcing. This self-developed process featured original technological innovation, making the process
          more eco-friendly and better for the environment, and greatly improving the conversion rate and yield of the
          production process, with an overall cost reduction of more than 50%, and superior product quality.




2.3	Pharmacovigilance and Recall

    2.3.1 Pharmacovigilance

        The Group strictly abides by the related laws and regulations such as the Drug Administration Law of the
        People’s Republic of China and the Specifications for Pharmacovigilance Quality Management. It has deployed
        pharmacovigilance management covering the full product life cycle and built a relatively comprehensive
        pharmacovigilance system to ensure compliance with legal requirements in drug development, production and
        distribution. We have formulated a complete set of internal process systems such as standard operating procedures
        including the Receipt, Follow-up and Handling of Individual Drug Safety Reports, the Preparation and Submission of
        Regular Safety Update Reports, the Pharmacovigilance Training Procedures, the Preparation and Submission of Risk
        Management Plans, the Documentation and Storage of Information Related to Pharmacovigilance Activities, the
        Management of Pharmacovigilance Annual Reports of the Holders, and the Pharmacovigilance Business Continuity
        Plan, which cover the safety monitoring of the full product life cycle from the clinical trial stage to post-launch to
        guarantee the effective operation of the pharmacovigilance system. The Group has deployed an advanced global
        pharmacovigilance system to manage pharmacovigilance-related data to safeguard the safety of medications for
        patients.




174 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
2. Product Responsibility




                                      Product
                                    Termination




                   Post-launch               Full life-cycle
                                                                                     Drug R&D
                   Surveillance         pharmacovigilance system




                                    Commercial                        Technology
                                    Production                          Transfer


                                      Full life-cycle pharmacovigilance system


       During the Reporting Period, the Group further improved its pharmacovigilance operations, pharmacovigilance
       scientific support and pharmacovigilance compliance and education-related functions in terms of quality system
       construction, process and system construction, pharmacovigilance data management system construction, safety
       reporting management, signaling and risk management, and external cooperation and exchange.

       For pharmacovigilance quality system construction, the Group has developed a commissioned manufacturing
       model for marketed drugs, and maintained and monitored the safety and quality of products sold by the Group and
       through third-party cooperation through its comprehensive marketing authorization holder (MAH) management
       system and regime. In order to improve the quality of healthcare services, we control the risks in healthcare services,
       strengthen the drug access mechanism to prevent substandard drugs from being marketed, and promptly identify
       and deal with products sold without authorization. During the Reporting Period, the Group implemented the
       regular pharmacovigilance communication mechanism and the monthly pharmacovigilance reporting mechanism,
       the mechanism for regular delivery of Pharmacovigilance Newsletters, the pharmacovigilance field investigation and
       pharmacovigilance training course mechanism. It transmitted regulations and relevant requirements on internal
       pharmacovigilance of the Group in a timely manner through a series of measures, and provided training and sharing
       of professional knowledge.

       For pharmacovigilance process and system construction, the Group issued new process documents such as the
       Patient Safety Management Team Charter and Working Guidelines, Writing Guidelines for Risk Control Plans,
       Guidelines for Pharmacovigilance-Related Due Diligence, Working Guidelines for Safety Update Report Writing
       During Research and Development, and Working Guidelines for Safety Document Writing During New Drug
       Application in 2023, which enabled pharmacovigilance workflows to continuously improve, and work specifications
       to be refined, thereby integrating high quality and standards into all aspects of daily pharmacovigilance practice,
       and continuously strengthening cooperation with other functional departments.




                                                                                  2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   175
2. Product Responsibility



        For pharmacovigilance data management system construction, we strengthened the deployment, setup and
        training of the advanced global pharmacovigilance system ArisG at the group level. The procedure for using the
        ArisG system was constantly being optimized based on business, expanding the regularity and usability of data
        export, promoting the application of digitalization and automation in PV (pharmacovigilance) data processing and
        improving the efficiency of pharmacovigilance work to a certain extent.


        For safety reporting management, the Group collects information on adverse drug reactions in a comprehensive and
        timely manner in accordance with the national requirements. During the Reporting Period, the pharmacovigilance
        team dealt with over 5,200 reports on safety during clinical trials, and over 41,000 reports on post-launch safety of
        individual drugs in accordance with the regulations such as the Quality Management Standards for Drug Clinical
        Trials, the Standards and Procedure for Rapid Reporting of Safety Data during Drug Clinical Trials, the Quality
        Management Standards for Pharmacovigilance, and the Guiding Principles for the Collection and Reporting of
        Adverse Reactions to Individual Drugs issued by the NMPA, and reported to the Center for Drug Evaluation of NMPA
        or the National Center for ADR Monitoring with the reporting pass rate of 100%. Meanwhile, we strengthened
        training and expanded the proportion of report of self-collected adverse drug reactions. During the Reporting
        Period, there were no group adverse reactions events or deaths caused by drugs with quality defects, and no deaths
        or group adverse events occurred in the medical devices and medical diagnosis segment.


        For signaling and risk management, the Group has established relevant processes for signal detection, evaluation
        and risk management, and set up a drug safety committee responsible for analyzing, evaluating and identifying risks
        related to product safety and assessing the risks and benefits of products. If identified risks are found, corresponding
        risk control measures will be taken based on the risk characteristics to minimize the risks and potential impacts and
        to protect the safety of medications for patients.


        For external cooperation and exchange, the Group continuously strengthened its pharmacovigilance cooperation
        with domestic and foreign business partners, signed pharmacovigilance agreements that had complied with
        domestic and international regulations, and passed all due diligence and audits on pharmacovigilance undertaken
        during the Reporting Period. The Group also strictly controlled the safety of imported products to ensure compliance
        and quality of all relevant pharmacovigilance work.


        During the Reporting Period, the Group provided strong support for pharmacovigilance in developing countries
        in Africa for more than a dozen products including “artesunate for injection”. It took on the role of the local
        qualified person for pharmacovigilance (QPPV) for the relevant products, and took the lead in the post-launch
        pharmacovigilance for a number of products in developing countries in Africa in accordance with the highest quality
        standards of pharmacovigilance of the European Medicines Agency (EMA). It supported the registration application
        of a number of products in developing countries, thereby further enhancing the capacity of pharmacovigilance in
        developing countries, and contributing to the Group’s anti-malarial projects in Africa. In addition, we continued to
        complete the pharmacovigilance of key products such as Han Qu You (trastuzumab injection), Han Li Kang (rituximab
        injection), Su Ke Xin (avatrombopag maleate tablets), Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection), Yi Kai Da (ejilunsai
        injection), Akynzeo (netupitant and palonosetron hydrochloride capsules), Aloxi (palonosetron hydrochloride
        injection), and Otezla (apremilast tablets) in Chinese mainland, and the pharmacovigilance of the products such
        as Comirnaty (mRNA vaccine), Aloxi (palonosetron hydrochloride capsules/injection), Akynzeo (fosnetupitant/
        palonosetron injection/netupitant and palonosetron hydrochloride capsules), pretomanid tablets, and Wan Ti Wei
        (tenapanor tablets) in Hong Kong and Macau with high quality and standard.




176 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
2. Product Responsibility



   2.3.2 Product Recall
        In compliance with the Administrative Measures for Drug Recalls, the Law of the People’s Republic of China on
        Drug Administration, the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Vaccine Administration, the Regulations on
        the Implementation of the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Drug Administration, the Special Provisions
        of the State Council on Strengthening the Supervision and Administration of Food and Other Products Safety and
        other relevant laws and regulations, the Group has formulated the Product Recall Management Procedures, which
        specified the standard operating procedures and division of responsibilities for drug recalls such that a prompt and
        accurate drug recall can be launched when necessary. Besides, the Group has established a comprehensive drug
        traceability system to ensure the traceability of every batch of drugs. Once a defective product is identified, we will
        quickly initiate the recall procedure, and conduct in-depth investigation and evaluation, aiming to maximize the
        protection of consumers’ interests.

        In order to attain an effective and responsive recall system, the Group conducts simulated drug recall drills. During
        the Reporting Period, the Group conducted a total of 7 simulated recall drills. By conducting simulated recall drills,
        companies can verify the effectiveness of the existing recall mechanism on a systematic basis, and make rectifications
        and improvements on the issues identified during the drills. During the Reporting Period, the Group did not conduct
        any product recall.

2.4 Customer Responsibility

   The Group’s mission is to achieve “Better Health for Families Worldwide”. In addition to providing high-quality products
   and services for customers, we are also committed to delivering real and valid information to customers and opening up
   communication channels, so that we can maintain a sound relationship building upon mutual trust, take and look into
   customer feedback in a timely manner, and continue to improve our products and services.

   2.4.1 Responsible Marketing
        Launching responsible marketing activities is an important initiative taken by the Group to safeguard the rights and
        interests of customers. To conduct lawful marketing activities, we comply with the Criminal Law of the People’s
        Republic of China, the Anti-unfair Competition Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Advertising Law of
        the People’s Republic of China, the Interim Measures for the Administration of Censorship of Advertisements on
        Drugs, Medical Devices, Dietary Supplements and Formula Foods for Special Medical Purposes, the Measures for
        the Administration of Medical Advertisements, the Measures for the Examination of Pharmaceutical Products
        Advertisements, the Notice on Regulating the Use of Drug Names in Drug Advertisements and other laws and
        regulations, and has issued the Responsible Marketing Policy of the Group, which further regulated the Group’s
        principles with respect to business ethics and responsible marketing, and clearly stipulated that exaggeration,
        deception and false content are strictly prohibited in marketing, advertising and sales activities.

        With reference to the international standards, industry norms and strategic planning requirements of the Group,
        the Group has established a compliance management system for its domestic marketing platform to give clear and
        able guidance on compliance marketing for its employees. Based upon establishing a management system, we have
        further formulated the Code of Conduct for Compliance Policy of the Company, which stipulated our basic code
        of business conduct and required our employees of the domestic marketing platform to comply with relevant laws,
        regulations and internal policies, including fair market competition, anti-commercial bribery, avoidance of conflict
        of interest, environmental protection, personal information protection, as well as financial and tax compliance, so as
        to provide detailed compliance guidance for marketing-related employees and enable documented and evidence-
        based marketing activities. The overseas subsidiaries of the Group also abide by the laws and regulations of the
        places where they operate when carrying out marketing activities. Subsidiaries such as Sisram Medical and Breas
        conduct training on responsible marketing in induction training for employees and complete at least one training
        session on compliance/business ethics every year to ensure compliance when pursuing marketing activities.

        In addition, we have prepared a list of legal compliance risks covering risk points in marketing and promotion, and
        have formulated corresponding compliance policies and procedures to avert legal compliance risks such as illegal
        prescription drug advertisements, commercial bribery, misleading advertising and monopoly, in order to ensure the
        compliance of our marketing activities.




                                                                                   2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   177
2. Product Responsibility




                                                                     Three lines

                 Strategic vision                                   of defense of
                                                                     compliance
                                            Compliance              management               Compliance
                                           organization                                      management
                                              structure                                   guarantee system




                         Compliance Management System of the Domestic Marketing Platform


        Reviews and Audits

        The Group conducts reviews and audits in pursuit of the compliance of its marketing activities. For external
        marketing and publicity activities, the Group complies with the national requirements for approval and filing, and
        reviews relevant materials to guarantee the authenticity and compliance of the promotional content involved in
        the activities; the use of promotional/non-promotional materials is subject to internal review, and exaggeration,
        deception and false content are strictly prohibited to ensure the authenticity and compliance of the data and
        academic opinions; for academic conferences, the Group conducts reviews and approvals for internal authorized
        management personnel in advance in accordance with the Employee Compliance Manual to ensure that the
        promotional activities can accurately convey information on the correct use of drugs, and the efficacy of drugs shall
        not be exaggerated. At the same time, we carry out regular and systematic internal responsible marketing audits,
        and conduct comprehensive reviews of all academic conference applications, donation applications and materials
        submitted by business departments, achieving an audit rate of 100%. Any non-compliance in marketing identified
        during the audit will be taken seriously in accordance with the relevant penalty provisions to ensure that the entire
        promotion activity is legal and fair. We have also opened up a marketing-related feedback channel to collect
        opinions and clues to further ensure the compliance of our marketing activities.


                                        Conduct regular random checks as to whether
                                       the marketing activities are approved and filed in
                                            accordance with national requirement


                                      Whether the internal audit follows the established
                                      SOP and obtains review and approval from internal
                                            authorized management personnel


                                        Whether the activity is held in accordance with
                                            the Employee Compliance Manual




                                          Penalties for violative marketing behaviors




                                             Responsible Marketing Audit Process



178 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
2. Product Responsibility



       Responsible Marketing Training


       The Group provides responsible marketing training for all employees every year, covering advertising, marketing,
       market promotion and other areas. In 2023, we further optimized the form of responsible marketing training and
       conducted two in-depth training and sharing sessions for all employees on “Sharing of Compliance Dynamics in
       the Pharmaceutical Industry” and “Introduction to Domestic Marketing Platform Compliance System” during the
       ESG Culture Month, which helped all employees understand the requirements, regulations and significance of
       compliance marketing, fully understand the compliance marketing management system of the Group, and enhance
       the awareness of compliance marketing among employees.


       In addition to training for all employees, the Group also further provides responsible marketing training for its
       marketing employees, management, and relevant employees in areas with high responsible marketing risks.
       During the Reporting Period, the domestic marketing platform provided 274 compliance training sessions for all
       marketing employees, which emphasized compliance policies and shared industry policy changes and cases, and
       also conducted three assessments covering all employees to deepen the understanding of the requirements of
       responsible marketing among employees. In 2023, the Group also conducted special training on the promotion of
       commercialized medical insurance drugs, and strengthened publicity and education on medical insurance-related
       regulations. We launched the “First Compliance Culture Week”. By hosting compliance training and knowledge
       competitions with various themes, as well as making use of sand painting, games and other forms, we organized
       playful learning activities, and the awareness towards compliance has been ingrained into all employees of the
       domestic marketing platform. Besides, we also held the “9th Season Compliance Ambassador Growth Training
       Camp”. At this event, we invited experts from the medical insurance industry to give special reports on national
       medical insurance-related policies and provide in-depth analysis of the latest information about medical insurance
       funds with a variety of cases. The general manager of the Anti-Corruption Supervision Department of Fosun
       Pharma also provided special training on integrity to the participants, which greatly benefited the management and
       employees from various business departments who attended the meeting.


       All these efforts are aimed at improving the awareness of external supervision and internal compliance among all
       employees, and cultivating the qualities, competence and vision on responsible marketing of all employees. The
       Group will further strive to ensure that all promotional activities will be conducted within a legal, compliant and
       responsible framework in the future.




                                Responsible Marketing Training in the ESG Culture Month




                                                                                2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   179
2. Product Responsibility



         Marketing Compliance Management Supported by Digital Means


         During the Reporting Period, in terms of developing a marketing digital system, the Group constructed a marketing
         customer management system with independent intellectual property rights, and completed the substitution with
         and transition to a localized and self-developed system. At the same time, while ensuring data security, we employed
         digital solutions to strengthen the full-process compliance management of marketing activities in our key business
         segments, including further improving the management of jurisdictions, positions and target terminals in the
         Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system. Through the behavior management system, we have refined
         the behavior management of marketing employees and regulated the marketing process to promote sustainable
         and healthy business development. In terms of digital marketing, we introduced sales data dashboards to our key
         business segments, enabling comprehensive analysis from multiple dimensions such as products, management
         organizations, management territory, and target terminals to digitize and visualize the marketing business and
         provide strong data support for us to roll out marketing plans for related products.


    2.4.2 Customer Communication

         The subsidiaries of the Group in the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment highly value the reasonable needs
         of users and continuously strengthen the handling of customer complaints. These subsidiaries set up dedicated
         personnel for this regard and the complaints hotline can be put through around the clock. They also have built a
         customer complaint and consulting system. The subsidiaries record complaints to every detail and give a satisfactory
         reply to customers with thorough explanation after investigation, analysis and responding actions. They also record
         the batch number of the products in question. The handling of complaints is led by our subsidiaries’ quality control
         department and supported by relevant functional departments. Complaints are replied to and resolved adequately
         within a prescribed period. Remedial and preventive actions will be implemented to ensure high customer
         satisfaction. In 2023, the domestic subsidiaries of the Group in the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment received
         a total of 10 complaints related to product quality, and all of which were replied to and handled with the active
         efforts of these subsidiaries.


    2.4.3 Information Security and Privacy Protection

         The Group upholds the bottom lines of data security, privacy protection and legal compliance as always to keep
         its business activities staying away from the red line. We have developed the Security System Construction Plan
         covering the Group in accordance with the Cybersecurity Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Personal
         Information Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China, and other laws and regulations where we operate.


         In order to further strengthen information security management, the Group has established a sound information
         security management structure. Adhering to the information security policy of “controlling risks with continuous
         improvement”, the structure ensures the achievement of our information security objectives by supervising and
         evaluating the information security status of the Group, and regards data security and privacy protection as the top
         priority of information security tasks. The Chief Digital Officer (CDO) of the Group leads the information security
         team to be responsible for specific implementation, including the development of information security standards
         and processes, the construction of information security structure, and the monitoring of and response to security
         incidents. The OA system at the headquarters has obtained Level 3 certification for information security protection,
         and passed the ISO 27001 accreditation, demonstrating the further improvement in the construction of information
         security system. During the Reporting Period, no information security incidents occurred in the Group.




180 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
2. Product Responsibility



          Optimize and improve 120 information security-related systems, processes and standard
          documents, providing normative guidance for the orderly and effective information security
          progress, further meeting regulatory compliance requirements and reducing the probability
          of threats



                 Engage a third-party security service provider to monitor information security devices and
                 systems of the Group around the clock



          Continuously monitor the risks of external exposure and close the loophole to external
          risks through regular analysis of external exposure areas; equip with the ability to detect
          encrypted network traffic and identify threat content hidden in encrypted channels, greatly
          improving the risk identification rate


                 Conduct regular vulnerability scanning and penetration testing on business systems that
                 contain important data to identify potential or known vulnerabilities and repair them in a
                 timely manner



          Deploy and apply encryption and decryption systems and honeypot platforms to consolidate
          the information security infrastructure and monitor the security status of the information
          system of the Group in a more comprehensive manner



                 Provide regular information security awareness training for all employees, such as phishing
                 emails for all employees and information security skills improvement for IT personnel, so
                 as to heighten the alertness to network threats, social engineering attacks and other issues
                 among employees, and ensure active participation of every employee in information security

                             Information Security Protection Measures of Fosun Pharma Group


       In 2023, the Group participated in the “Solid Rock Operation” cybersecurity activities and the “Safeguarding Digital
       Security” special campaign organized by the Shanghai Communications Administration, and achieved excellent
       performance in these events, further improving our capabilities in information security management.




                                                                                2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   181
2. Product Responsibility



          Privacy Protection


          Privacy protection is the key for pharmaceutical companies to establish profound trust with patients, partners
          and all sectors of society. Attaching great importance to the protection of patient privacy, we strictly abide by the
          Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China, the Data Security Law of the People's Republic of China, the
          Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, the Regulation on Protecting the Security
          of Critical Information Infrastructure and other laws and regulations, and have issued various systems including the
          Data Security Management Regulations and the Personal Information Protection and Management Regulations to
          establish a sound privacy data management system.


          In 2023, the Group continued to secure the best protection for customer and personal information:



               Transparent                •   Adhering to the principle of transparency, we have developed and announced a
                                              clear and detailed privacy policy to explain to customers how we collect, use and
             privacy policy
                                              protect their personal information




                                          •   We are committed to full compliance with applicable data privacy regulations and
                                              international privacy standards. In 2023, the Group signed standard personal information
         Legal compliance
                                              contracts for personal information processors and overseas recipients in accordance with
                                              the Measures on the Standard Contract for Cross-border Transfers of Personal Information



                                          •   We conduct regular privacy risk assessments to identify and assess potential
  Proactive risk assessment                   privacy risks and prevent potential privacy threats. In 2023, we have formulated
                                              the Privacy Impact Assessment Procedure of Fosun Pharma Group and reported on
                                              the assessments on impacts of personal information protection




    Data minimization and                 •   Adhering to the principles of data minimization and purpose limitation as always,
                                              we only collect and use the most basic customer information required for our
        purpose limitation
                                              business operations, and ensure the legal and legitimate use of information




                                          •   We implement advanced security technology measures, including data encryption,
           Safety technical
                                              network security and access control, so as to ensure the full protection of customer
                  measures                    information during transmission and storage




           Customer rights                •   We respect our customers’ right to control their personal information, provide
                                              them with convenient ways to access and modify their personal information, and
                 protection
                                              ensure that they can exercise their rights to privacy




          During the Reporting Period, the Group did not receive any complaints regarding the leakage of user privacy.




182 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
3. Environmental Protection

During the Reporting Period, the Group updated the Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) Policy, which was first issued
in 2016. We pledge to uphold the concept of integrity and sustainable development, and adhere to the synchronous and
coordinated development of corporate business and environmental protection in order to put an end to environmental
pollution, promote energy conservation and emission reduction, protect ecological diversity, and fulfill the corporate social
responsibility in environmental protection. In the future, we will continue to increase our investment in energy conservation and
emission reduction to help achieve the dual carbon goal.


Facing with the double challenges from internal business changes and stricter external policies, in addition to its existing efforts,
the Group decomposes the current EHS objectives, constantly strengthens EHS management and optimizes the management
model, actively seeks opportunities for improvement, tries to adopt new equipment and technologies, reinforces EHS risk
control, and continuously improves EHS performance, so as to further mitigate the impact of business operations on the
environment and provide employees with a healthy and safe working environment.


3.1 Coping with Climate Change

      Climate change is a prominent issue under global focus at present. In order to secure effective protection for ecosystems,
      countries and enterprises around the world need to work together to promote low-carbon transition and slow down
      global warming, striving to achieve the global temperature rise target set by the Paris Agreement. On 30 November 2023,
      the 28th session of the Conference of the Parties (COP28) to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate
      Change was held in Expo City, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The Conference made the first global check after the Paris
      Agreement, corrected the course to climate actions, and called on countries to step away from fossil fuels and realize
      energy transition.


      Enterprises need to take active measures to deal with the risks arising from the increasingly severe climate change and
      seize development opportunities through rapid transition. As a medical and healthcare industry group committed to
      social responsibility, the Group actively responds to the Paris Agreement, recognizes the United Arab Emirates Consensus
      and follows the Chinese government’s “dual carbon” strategy to continuously strengthen the management and practice
      of tackling climate change. With reference to the proposed framework of the Task-Force on Climate Related Financial
      Disclosure (TCFD), the Group analyzed the risks and opportunities of climate change from four dimensions: governance,
      strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets.


      3.1.1 Governance

            The Group attaches great importance to climate-related risks and opportunities, establishes a climate-related
            governance framework, and incorporates climate risk works into the overall risk management. Under the leadership
            of the Board, the ESG Committee is responsible for the overall supervision on the matters in relation to climate
            change, actively works on sustainable development, organizes sustainable development exchange meetings, and
            discusses the risks and opportunities of climate change. As the executive layer, the ESG Working Group is responsible
            for the implementation of climate change risk identification, and carries out targeted climate change mitigation
            and takes relevant measures for adaptation in the course of implementation. In addition, during the Reporting
            Period, the Group formally established the Carbon Neutrality Committee to step up the efforts in supervising and
            promoting carbon neutrality, which is responsible for the formulation of carbon emission targets, policies and paths,
            the implementation of carbon reduction measures, regular evaluation of the achievement of targets and dynamic
            improvements.




                                                                                         2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   183
3. Environmental Protection



    3.1.2 Strategy

         To cope with the severe challenges brought about by climate change, the Group has formulated a comprehensive
         risk management strategy against climate change so as to evaluate the impacts of climate change on operations
         in terms of risk identification, scenario analysis, risk assessment and strategy formulation, and conduct analyses
         from two dimensions consisting of physical risks and transition risks. During the Reporting Period, by fully making
         reference to the TCFD’s recommendations under the scenario analysis guide, the Group selected various climate
         scenarios within the same category of scenario assumptions for risk identification analysis, including the high-
         contrast identification of RCP2.6 and NZE under Turquoise Scenarios as well as RCP8.5 and STEPS under Brown
         Scenarios.


                                    Climate
          Scenario assumption       scenario           Scenario overview


                                    RCP2.6             In order to cope with climate change, various countries will adopt proactive
                                                       policies and methods to reduce greenhouse gases in the coming 10 years,
                                                       so that the temperature rise will not exceed 2°C.
          Turquoise
          2°C or below scenario     NZE                The International Energy Agency proposed a plan to achieve net zero
                                                       emissions by 2050, and advised on technology and emission reduction
                                                       solutions, national cooperation, and energy industry transition. It is
                                                       expected to limit the rise in global average temperature within 1.5°C.


                                    RCP8.5             It is assumed that the countries will engage in high greenhouse gas
                                                       emissions and energy consumption under the baseline scenario of
                                                       no intervention from climate change policies. By 2100, global CO 2
                                                       concentration will be 3 to 4 times higher than that before the industrial
                                                       revolution.
          Brown
          above 2°C scenario        STEPS              Based on energy-related policies currently implemented and being
                                                       formulated, an assessment will be conducted across industries and
                                                       countries to reflect the effectiveness and feasibility of the prevailing
                                                       policies. The scenario also considers the planned manufacturing capabilities
                                                       for current clean energy technologies, serving as a reference for energy
                                                       policy direction.



         Based on the analysis of climate change risk scenarios, the Group has conducted a comprehensive analysis
         and identified a list of related major climate risks with reference to the characteristics of the pharmaceutical
         industry, policy orientation of the operating locations and geographical characteristics, in order to promote the
         implementation of climate change risk management throughout the entire value chain of the Group.




184 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
3. Environmental Protection



                                        Major climate
        Risk category                   change risk              Relevance

        Transition risk                 Increased pricing        In order to limit the temperature rise due to greenhouse gases
        (Risks related to changes       of greenhouse gas        within 1.5°C, governments around the world have been
           in policies, regulations,    emissions                gradually improving and formulating their carbon trading
           technology, and markets,                              management systems and supporting carbon pricing policies.
           etc.)                                                 It is expected that the overall cost of greenhouse gas emissions
                                                                 will increase in the future, which will indirectly lead to increases
                                                                 in fuel prices and electricity prices, and more industries will be
                                                                 included in the carbon market. The Group may be included in
                                                                 the carbon trading market on a mandatory basis in the future,
                                                                 which will result in an increase in the overall operating costs of
                                                                 the Group.

                                        Requirements and         The “14th Five-Year Plan” for the Development of the
                                        regulation of the        Pharmaceutical Industry specified the national requirements and
                                        existing products and    guidance for building a green industrial system, improving the
                                        services                 level of green manufacturing and implementing carbon emission
                                                                 reduction actions in the pharmaceutical industry. To align with
                                                                 the effective implementation of regulation and policies, the
                                                                 Group will need to enhance its supervision and compliance
                                                                 system in terms of specialization and professionalism in the
                                                                 future, which will lead to an increase in operating costs.

        Physical risk                   Rising average           Temperature control is critical to pharmaceutical production
        (Risks from acute and chronic   temperatures             workshops. Various equipment and facilities are at risk of
           physical climate change)                              overheating under high temperatures, and employee health may
                                                                 also be affected. In response to rising temperatures, the Group
                                                                 will need to increase energy consumption to maintain normal
                                                                 temperatures and ensure normal production, which will lead to
                                                                 an increase in operating costs.

                                        Frequent occurrence of   Affected by global warming, various countries suffer from
                                        extreme weather          varying degrees of climate instability. In particular, heavy rains,
                                                                 typhoons and other climatic factors may affect operations in
                                                                 coastal areas. In order to adapt to and avert climate change, the
                                                                 Group has invested a certain amount of funds and manpower to
                                                                 respond in advance, which further increased operating costs.


   3.1.3 Risk Management
       In order to actively respond to the risks of climate change and fundamentally avert the adverse effects of climate
       change, the Group has developed a risk management assessment framework based on the materiality issues and
       initiated strategies to adapt to and mitigate climate change.

       Mitigation

       In order to mitigate climate change, fundamentally reduce greenhouse gas emissions, protect the ozone layer,
       and control the global temperature rise, the Group has established a path to reduce greenhouse gas emission.
       Focusing on the key aspects of energy consumption and emissions, the Group reduces greenhouse gas emissions
       by improving energy efficiency and optimizing energy structure, and protects the ozone layer and ecological
       environment by limiting the use of ozone-depleting substances. During the Reporting Period, the Group actively
       pursued technological innovation and reinforced carbon management, and forged ahead on the path to mitigating
       climate change by making a series of efforts into energy saving and emission reduction including installation of heat
       energy recovery and reuse facilities and equipment, replacement of equipment with high energy consumption,
       promotion of using renewable energy, installation of photovoltaic power generation systems, and optimization of
       administrative management systems.




                                                                                     2023 ESG and Sustainability Report         185
3. Environmental Protection



                                                            Mitigation
                                                            measures




  Energy efficiency                   Energy structure                        Ozone-depleting                     Carbon emission
                                                                             substance emission
   improvement                         optimization                            management                          management


           Major Actions and Strategies


           •     Reinforce carbon management and achieve greenhouse gas emission reduction targets

           •     Improve energy utilization efficiency, adjust energy structure, and promote renewable energy

           •     Promote facilities and equipment for recycling thermal energy, promote clean energy projects such as
                 photovoltaic power generation systems, promote the administrative system for the green use of energy-
                 consuming equipment, expand the coverage of low-energy-consuming and energy-saving equipment, and
                 optimize and adjust the temperature and humidity in GMP-accredited workshops

           Energy Efficiency Improvement


           Reducing energy consumption is the core element to achieve carbon reduction goals. The Group improves energy
           efficiency through a systematic and comprehensive management structure, and invested a total of RMB13.476
           million in the implementation of various energy conservation measures throughout the year. During the Reporting
           Period, the Group saved electricity of 10.56 million kWh, natural gas of 1,090 thousand m3 and purchased steam
           of 4,402 tons, which correspondingly reduced carbon emissions by 10,114 tons. The comprehensive energy
           consumption intensity was 1.878 GJ/RMB10,000 revenue, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.35%.

           Meanwhile, the Group has issued the Notice on Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction of Subsidiaries
           of Fosun Pharma Group to specify the goals of energy conservation and emission reduction, attach importance
           to various energy management, and actively explore practical energy conservation and consumption reduction
           projects. During the Reporting Period, we initiated a series of systematic projects on energy conservation and
           emission reduction at the group level, including but not limited to establishing energy detection systems, adopting
           energy-efficient production facilities and equipment such as variable frequency energy-saving water pumps, HECC
           heat pipes and solar heat exchangers, improving energy efficiency and reducing electricity consumption. We actively
           encouraged our subsidiaries to participate in:

           Optimization of energy efficiency of     Optimization of energy efficiency of        Optimization of energy consumption
           production equipment                     operational facilities                      management

           • Comprehensive energy-saving            •     Air conditioning renovation           •    Optimization of equipment and
             optimization of solid dosage forms     •     Installation of magnetic levitation        facility runtime
           • Comprehensive energy-saving                  units                                 •    Optimization of equipment and
             optimization of freeze dryers          •     Renovation of refrigeration system         facility operation methods
           • Energy-saving renovation of workshop         of low-temperature ethylene glycol    •    Optimization of system operating
             vacuum systems                               units                                      parameters
           • Maintenance and packing replacement    •     Boiler renovation                     •    Monitoring and assessment



                                  Energy Efficiency Improvement Projects of Fosun Pharma Group




186 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
3. Environmental Protection



        Summary of the Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction Projects of Certain Subsidiaries in 2023


                                                  Energy conservation and emission reduction measures

                                                                                                                                                          Carbon
       Name of               Application of new                  Optimization of production      Energy management                                        reduction
       enterprise/plant      technologies and equipment          process and layout              system                      Energy saved                 (ton)


       Yao Pharma (Renhe)    Condensate water reuse, LED         Air conditioning automatic                                  Electricity: 920,000 kWh     1,261
                             lights, photovoltaic power          control renovation                                          Natural gas: 340,000 m3
                             generation


       Yao Pharma (Shuitu)   Photovoltaic power generation       Comprehensive energy-           Light switches energy-      Electricity: 2,000,000 kWh   1,141
                                                                 saving optimization of freeze   saving alerts, energy
                                                                 dryers, comprehensive energy    saving promotion
                                                                 consumption optimization of
                                                                 cooling and heating stations,
                                                                 energy saving optimization of
                                                                 air conditioners, warehouse
                                                                 insulation renovation


       Dongting Pharma       Frequency conversion energy-        Optimization of power energy                                Electricity: 600,000 kWh     548
                             saving circulating water            system, automatic control                                   Natural gas: 100,000 m3
                             pumps, energy-saving chillers,      optimization of circulating
                             compressed air cloud-based          cooling water for chilled
                             intelligent control systems         water units


       Shinsun Pharma                                            Optimization of barrel          Workshop energy             Electricity: 90,000 kWh      50
                                                                 washing process,                management optimization
                                                                 improvement of
                                                                 comprehensive packaging
                                                                 efficiency


       Hexin Pharma                                              Gas boiler renovation           Refrigeration unit energy   Electricity: 80,000 kWh      100
                                                                                                 management system,          Natural gas: 30,000 m3
                                                                                                 energy saving promotion


       Jiluohua Pharma       LED lights, condensate water        Frequency conversion            Adjustment of the           Electricity: 460,000 kWh     426
                             reuse                               operation renovation of         opening mode of the         Purchased steam: 500 tons
                                                                 secondary chilled water         air conditioning in the
                                                                 pumps in refrigeration          warehouse building
                                                                 machine room


       Guilin Pharma         Magnetic levitation refrigeration                                                               Electricity: 1,350,000 kWh   1,548
                             units, Trane energy-saving                                                                      Natural gas: 360,000 kWh
                             refrigeration units


       Suzhou Erye           HECC heat pipes                     Air compression system layout   Energy saving promotion,    Electricity: 380,000 kWh     217
                                                                 optimization, Roots blower      air conditioning mode
                                                                 renovation in sewage station    adjustment


       Shandong Erye         Solar heat exchangers,              Refrigeration cycle pump        Air compressor parameter    Electricity: 790,000 kWh     565
                             condensate water reuse, HECC        parameter optimization,         optimization, temperature   Natural gas: 50,000 m3
                             heat pipes                          Roots blower renovation in      and humidity energy
                                                                 sewage station, optimization    saving optimization
                                                                 of air conditioning operation
                                                                 mode, refrigeration cycle
                                                                 pump control optimization




                                                                                                               2023 ESG and Sustainability Report               187
3. Environmental Protection



                                                      Energy conservation and emission reduction measures

                                                                                                                                                                 Carbon
          Name of               Application of new                    Optimization of production        Energy management                                        reduction
          enterprise/plant      technologies and equipment            process and layout                system                       Energy saved                (ton)


          Red Flag Pharma                                                                               Air conditioning mode        Electricity: 200,000 kWh    140
                                                                                                        adjustment, off-peak         Natural gas: 10,000 m3
                                                                                                        operation of sewage
                                                                                                        station


          Chemo Biopharma                                             Drying tower regeneration         Compressed air pressure      Electricity: 220,000 kWh    304
                                                                      time controller optimization      regulation optimization      Purchased steam: 547 tons


          Wanbang Pharma        Waste heat recovery                                                                                  Purchased steam: 470 tons   154


          Wanbang Jinqiao       Waste heat recovery                   Permanent-magnet variable-        Alcohol recovery tower       Electricity: 800,000 kWh    1,110
                                                                      frequency air compressors,        parameter optimization       Purchased steam: 2,000
                                                                      cold storage compressors,                                      tons
                                                                      magnetic levitation chillers,
                                                                      magnetic levitation fans
                                                                      in sewage station, steam
                                                                      pipeline insulation


          Zhaohui Pharma        Condensate water reuse                                                  Chiller start-up             Electricity: 250,000 kWh    339
                                                                                                        combination optimization     Purchased steam: 600 tons


          Avanc Pharma          Ultra-high speed centrifuges in       Steam trap leakage detection,     Heating water                Electricity: 700,000 kWh    702
                                sewage station                        heat exchanger descaling,         temperature dynamic          Natural gas: 140,000 m3
                                                                      boiler combustion device          control standards
                                                                      renovation


          Fosun Aleph                                                                                   Air conditioning units are   Electricity: 430,000 kWh    245
                                                                                                        turned on quarterly


          Fosun Antejin                                               Conversion of the steam pipes                                  Purchased steam: 285 tons   93
                                                                      laid in the outdoor trench into
                                                                      a pipe-in-pipe direct burial
                                                                      type


          Shanghai Henlius      LED lights, voice control and light   Boiler pressure setting                                        Electricity: 390,000 kWh    350
             (Songjiang First   control switches                      optimization, air compressor                                   Natural gas: 60,000 m3
             Plant)                                                   parameter setting
                                                                      optimization


          Gland Pharma          Energy-saving chillers and air                                                                       Electricity: 910,000 kWh    823
                                compressors, LED lights




        Note: The baseline for energy conservation and emission reduction is the level of energy consumption and carbon emissions before energy
                 conservation and emission reduction measures are taken.


        In addition, the Group continues to promote the coverage of energy management system certification and continues
        to improve its own energy management standards. As at the end of the Reporting Period, seven subsidiaries of the
        Group have passed ISO50001 energy management system certification.




188 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
3. Environmental Protection




        Case: Optimization of operating parameters of secondary chilled water circulating pumps

        The operating parameters of secondary chilled water circulating pumps have been optimized at Shandong Erye.
        Based on the actual needs for chilled water pressure of the workshops, the settings for water supply pressure of
        the secondary chilled water circulating pump group control system and the upper and lower limit frequency of
        the circulating pump switches were adjusted such that the number of circulating pumps operating at the same
        time was reduced from 6 to 4, and the operating frequency of a single unit was reduced by 15 Hz on average,
        saving electricity of 490,000 kWh throughout the year.


      Energy Structure Optimization


      The Group continues to adjust its energy structure by reducing the use of fossil fuels and increasing the proportion
      of renewable energy and clean energy. During the Reporting Period, the Group pushed hard on the purchase of
      external green electricity and expansion of the construction of internal photovoltaic power stations to increase the
      proportion of green power in total electricity consumption.


      During the Reporting Period, the Group purchased green electricity of 14,699,769 kWh in total, including purchased
      new energy of 13,843,119 kWh and purchased hydropower of 856,650 kWh. The purchased green electricity
      reduced carbon emissions by 8,383 tons. The internal photovoltaic power stations of the Group generated electricity
      of 2,879,342 kWh in total, representing a year-on-year increase of nearly 110%.




        Case: Installation of internal photovoltaic systems

        The Group has gradually pushed ahead the construction of self-generated power projects for its own use,
        such as rooftop photovoltaic systems. During the Reporting Period, the Renhe Plant and Shuitu Plant of Yao
        Pharma installed new photovoltaic systems and put them into operation. Wanbang Pharma also continued to
        expand the coverage of the photovoltaic system in the factory area. During the Reporting Period, the internal
        photovoltaic power stations of the Group generated electricity of 2,879,342 kWh in total, representing a year-
        on-year increase of nearly 110%.




                                              Photovoltaic system installation




                                                                               2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   189
3. Environmental Protection



        Ozone-depleting Substance Emission Management

        During the Reporting Period, the ozone-depleting substances emissions by the Group were all kinds of Freon
        refrigerants (R22, R123, R134A, R32, R125, R143A, R407C, R404A, R410A and R507A) and the statistical Freon
        consumption was 9.56 tons. In order to fulfill its obligations under the Vienna Convention and the Montreal
        Protocol, the Group will continue to limit the amount of controlled ozone-depleting substances in use.

        Carbon Emission Management

        The Group has stepped up its efforts into the thorough investigation of other indirect emissions, namely Scope III
        carbon emissions, which particularly included the carbon emissions arose from employee commuting and travelling,
        consumption of materials and packaging materials, and consumption of chemical raw materials. During the
        Reporting Period, the aggregated Scope I and Scope II emissions decreased year on year, and the increase in total
        carbon emissions was mainly due to the substantial increase in Scope III emissions. Nevertheless, the Group will insist
        on tapping into Scope III emissions in the future, and will gradually include the reduction in Scope III emissions in
        the future plans to achieve the dual carbon targets through the influence of the supply chain, thereby ensuring the
        accomplishment of committed targets by the proposed year to achieve the dual carbon target.

        Adaptation

        Climate change brings more frequent natural disasters such as heavy rains and floods, which directly affect
        business operations. In order to better prepare for climate change, the Group has launched a climate change early
        warning model in its business sites and formulated contingency plans in response to climate change to improve its
        adaptability and resilience to climate change.

        The Group has an internal typhoon and flood prevention management mechanism. If China’s competent authority
        issues any typhoon and heavy rain alert, the task force responsible for typhoon and flood prevention in the affected
        business site will take action based on the typhoon and rain conditions in the region. The task force will be led by the
        person in charge of the business site, and will comprise the heads of core departments and key personnel. Before
        the typhoon and heavy rain come, the task force will undertake wind and flood prevention and reinforcement in
        key areas of the business site and the relocation and resettlement of key personnel and materials. At the same time,
        during the typhoon and heavy rain, the task force will also conduct rainy season inspections and get prepared for
        rescue and disaster relief at any time to ensure normal production and operations, and to avoid and minimize the
        loss of people and property caused by heavy rains and floods. The typhoon and flood prevention task forces will
        also organize regular training and drills during non-typhoon, rain and flood periods, summarize the experiences and
        lessons learned from previous typhoon and flood prevention periods, continuously optimize internal communication
        and coordination processes, and improve response measures to natural disasters, thereby improving business
        sustainability under various scenarios.



                          Continuous                •        Improve the communication channels with relevant departments to ensure
                         monitoring of                       that the business sites understand their local meteorological information in
                         meteorological                      a timely manner and get prepared for extreme weather in advance
                          information


                                         •      Regularly inspect the drainage system, electrical instruments and
           regular
                                                other facilities of the business sites, and inspect and reinforce
         inspection
                                                outdoor facilities for potential hazards



                         Development of                  •       Set up a climate change contingency response team to assist the
                        contingency plans                        business sites to implement contingency plans in a timely and orderly
                          in response to                         manner under extreme weather conditions to minimize the damage
                         climate change                          of extreme weather to the Group




190 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
3. Environmental Protection



       3.1.4 Metrics and Targets

               2021–2025 EHS Five-Year Strategic Goals


               •       Carbon emission intensity: Reduction by 15% in 2025 compared with that in 2020, i.e. 0.23 ton/RMB10,000
                       revenue by 2025


               •       Carbon emission reduction from energy conservation projects: Carbon emission reduction of 30,000 tons in
                       aggregate from 2021 to 2025 with a planned carbon reduction of 6,000 tons per year


               •       Comprehensive energy consumption intensity: Reduction by 10% in 2025 compared with that in 2020, i.e.
                       2.287 GJ/RMB10,000 revenue by 2025


               Achievement of Performance Indicators


                                                                                                                                   Achievement of Goal
                                                                                                                        2023       for 2023 in the Five-
                   Performance indicator                                                              (Indicator vs. Actual)       year Strategic Goals

                   Carbon emission intensity (ton/RMB10,000 revenue)                                          0.246 VS 0.233       Goal achieved
                   Comprehensive energy consumption intensity (GJ/RMB10,000 revenue)                          2.381 VS 1.878       Goal achieved
                   Carbon emission reduction from energy conservation projects
                      (10,000 tons)                                                                            0.60 VS 1.01        Goal achieved




           Carbon emission intensity                                                     Comprehensive energy consumption intensity
                                                    Unit: ton/RMB10,000 revenue
                                                                                                        Unit: GJ/RMB10,000 revenue
 0.7
                                                                                  5.0
        0.60                                                                            4.43
 0.6                                                                              4.5
               0.54
                                                                                  4.0
 0.5
                                                                                               3.51
                       0.41                                                       3.5                                                 10%
                                                                                                       3.11
 0.4                                                       15%
                              0.35                                                3.0
                                                                                                              2.65
                                                                                                                     2.53
                                                                                  2.5                                                             2.29
 0.3                                  0.27                                                                                                               2.20
                                                                                                                            2.06
                                             0.23   0.22    0.23   0.23                                                             1.90   1.88
                                                                          0.20    2.0
 0.2
                                                                                  1.5

 0.1                                                                              1.0

                                                                                  0.5
 0.0
        2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2025 2030                         0.0
                                                                                        2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2025 2030




                                                                                                          2023 ESG and Sustainability Report             191
3. Environmental Protection



                                                     Carbon emission reduction from
                                                      energy conservation projects Unit: 10,000 tons

                                   1.1
                                                                                              1.01
                                   1.0
                                                                                      0.94
                                   0.9
                                   0.8                                       0.79
                                         0.72                       0.74
                                   0.7
                                   0.6            0.60                                                 0.60

                                   0.5                     0.46
                                   0.4
                                   0.3
                                   0.2
                                   0.1
                                   0.0
                                         2017     2018     2019     2020     2021    2022     2023     2021-2025 平均值




        Carbon Emissions

                                                                              Type of carbon emissions4

                                     Total carbon            Scope I carbon            Scope II carbon           Scope III carbon       Carbon emission
                                       emissions1               emissions2                 emissions2                emissions3                 intensity
             Year                        (ton CO2e)               (ton CO2e)                 (ton CO2e)                 (ton CO2e)        (ton/RMB10,000
                                                                                                                                                  revenue)

             2016                            746,179                         —                          —                         —                     0.60
             2017                            822,786                         —                          —                         —                     0.54
             2018                            786,371                  396,062                   389,265                       1,044                     0.41
             2019                            758,143                  380,642                   376,563                          938                    0.35
             2020                            827,858                  224,552                   602,236                       1,070                     0.27
             2021                            900,112                  307,856                   591,357                          899                    0.23
             2022                            949,469                  289,044                   659,631                          794                    0.22
             2023                            960,864                  210,819                   677,874                     72,171                      0.23



        Notes:


        1.       The greenhouse gases included in the calculation of the boundaries of responsibility of the total carbon emissions (i.e. within the physical
                 boundaries of production, operations and office) only include carbon dioxide, so GMP values are not selected.


        2.       Scope I direct carbon emission sources include the combustion of natural gas, liquefied gas, raw coal, diesel, fuel oil, and other fossil fuels,
                 and Scope II energy indirect carbon emission sources include net purchased electricity and steam.


        3.       During the Reporting Period, Scope III other indirect carbon emission sources include employee commuting and business travelling,
                 consumption of materials and packaging materials, and consumption of chemical raw materials. No retrospective adjustment has been made
                 to the Scope 3 categories and quantities in previous reports to calculate on the same basis.


        4.       Carbon emission factors refer to the “2022 National Power Grid Average Emission Factors of the Ministry of Ecology and Environment of
                 People’s Republic of China”, “Guidelines for Calculation Methods and Reporting of Greenhouse Gas Emissions from Industrial and Other
                 Industrial Enterprises (Trial)”, “IGES List of Grid Emission Factors V11.0” and “GHG Emission Factors for Electricity Consumption. European
                 Commission, Joint Research Centre (JRC) [Dataset] PID”, and other national and international methodological documents on carbon emission
                 sources and calculations.




192 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
3. Environmental Protection



      Energy Consumption


                               Total electricity        Internal energy           External energy         Comprehensive             Comprehensive
                                 consumption1             consumption               consumption                     energy                     energy
                                                                                                            consumption2               consumption
                                                                                                                                              intensity
           Year                        (kWh/year)                 (GJ/year)                (GJ/year)                (GJ/year)           (GJ/RMB10,000
                                                                                                                                               revenue)

           2016                    478,175,186                          —                        —               5,581,931                         4.43
           2017                    513,272,112                          —                        —               6,496,683                         3.51
           2018                    655,108,860                 7,738,463                    14,799               7,753,262                         3.11
           2019                    631,436,019                 7,563,248                    13,302               7,576,550                         2.65
           2020                    637,986,028                 7,640,595                    15,173               7,655,768                         2.53
           2021                    664,674,268                 8,036,008                    12,735               8,048,743                         2.06
           2022                    713,527,824                 8,357,349                    11,254               8,368,603                         1.90
           2023                    769,128,064                 7,736,652                    11,527               7,748,179                         1.88



      Notes:


      1.       The total electricity consumption comprises purchased electricity and solar energy power generated from internal photovoltaic systems.


      2.       The energy consumption is calculated according to the General Rules for the Calculation of Comprehensive Energy Consumption (GB/T 2589-
               2020).


      Energy Consumption by Business Segment in 2023

                                         Total
                                    electricity                    Liquefied
                                 consumption Natural gas                 gas           Steam       Raw coal          Diesel      Gasoline        Fuel oil
                                    (kWh/year)       (m3)                (kg)             (kg)        (ton)           (litre)       (litre)         (kg)

       Pharmaceutical
         manufacturing             690,203,030 19,276,543             35,605 668,221,726               75,208    1,421,323        168,104      2,194,460
       Medical devices and
         medical diagnosis           8,498,621                0         3,887        640,000               0        42,877         51,726                 0
       Healthcare services          70,426,413      1,178,337                 0             0              0        37,726        150,381         16,095

       Total                       769,128,064 20,454,880             39,492 668,861,726               75,208    1,501,926        370,211      2,210,555



      During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded carbon emission intensity of 0.233 ton per RMB10,000 revenue,
      and comprehensive energy consumption intensity of 1.878 GJ/RMB10,000 revenue, representing a decrease of
      1.35% from 2022 and reaching the target value for the current period.




                                                                                                       2023 ESG and Sustainability Report          193
3. Environmental Protection



3.2	Environmental Management

    In order to minimize the possible negative impact of its own operations on the environment, the Group has established
    an EHS environmental management system in accordance with Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic
    of China, the Air Pollution Prevention Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Water Pollution Prevention Law of
    the People’s Republic of China and other laws and regulations to actively identify, assess and manage business-related
    environmental risks, and strike a balance between economic benefits and environmental sustainability of the Group.


    3.2.1 Environmental Management System

         In order to further enhance the awareness of EHS importance among all levels, the Group has included the
         achievement of environmental objectives and indicators in the senior management performance appraisal. We
         conduct assessments and evaluate performance according to the assessment results on an annual basis, and the
         evaluation results will be incorporated into the ESG sustainability performance, which will be eventually converted
         into a coefficient between 0 and 1 as a multiplier factor of the overall senior management performance. The Group
         will implement remuneration cuts in case of substandard performance.


         According to the ISO 14001 environmental management system standard, the Group has formulated environmental
         management requirements and implemented supervision for the Company and its subsidiaries. As at the end of
         the Reporting Period, the Group had 19 subsidiaries successively passing the ISO14001 certification, accounting for
         76% of the total number of manufacturing subsidiaries Note 1. In the future, the Group will require the full ISO14001
         certification coverage for all manufacturing subsidiaries of the Group. Meanwhile, the Group also continued to
         carry out clean production and green factory certification. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had 15
         subsidiaries passing the clean production certification and 8 subsidiaries receiving the honorary titles of national/
         provincial green factory.


         Certifications on Environment Management Systems and Standardization of Major Subsidiaries

            Enterprise name            Type of certification                            Enterprise name       Type of certification

            Yao Pharma                 ISO14001                                         Wanbang Pharma        ISO14001, clean production, green factory
            Carelife Pharma            ISO14001, clean production                       Wanbang Jinqiao       ISO14001, clean production
            Dongting Pharma            ISO14001, clean production                       Zhaohui Pharma        ISO14001, clean production, green factory
            Jisimei (Wuhan)            ISO14001                                         Wanbang Folon         ISO14001, clean production, green factory
            Hexin Pharma               Clean production                                 Avanc Pharma          ISO14001, clean production
            Jiluohua Pharma            ISO14001, clean production                       Shine Star            ISO14001
            Guilin Pharma              ISO14001, clean production, green factory        Dengrui Feiye         ISO14001
            Suzhou Erye                ISO14001, clean production, green factory        Gland Pharma          ISO14001
            Shandong Erye              ISO14001, clean production, green factory        Fosun Diagnosis       Clean production
            Red Flag Pharma            ISO14001, clean production, green factory        Fosun Beiling         ISO14001
            Chemo Biopharma            ISO14001, clean production, green factory

            Total                      ISO14001 certification: 19; clean production certification: 15; green factory: 8




         Note 1:    Excluding subsidiaries under construction and to be relocated




194 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
3. Environmental Protection




         Case: With one more national-level green factory, the Group has a total of 8 subsidiaries evaluated as green factories

         Under the dual carbon strategy, green manufacturing is an important mission to attain industrial transition,
         and has become a new trend to implement the high-quality development requirements. As the core supporting
         component of green manufacturing, green factory plays a key role for enterprises to practice low-carbon
         development. The “14th Five-Year Plan for Industrial Green Development” specified to strengthen green
         manufacturing benchmarking, continuously promote the construction of green products, green factories, green
         industrial parks and green supply chain management enterprises around key industries and important sectors,
         and select and publish the green manufacturing list. This aims to guide and regulate enterprises in building “green
         factories” according to the principles of “intensive factory buildings, harmless raw materials, clean production,
         waste recycling and low carbon energy”, and select advanced cases to set an industry benchmark. While
         maintaining steady operations, more and more subsidiaries of the Group are targeting to build green factories
         and use green operations to enhance their sustainable competitive advantages.




            Shandong Erye won the                Red Flag Pharma won the                Chemo Biopharma won                  Wanbang Folon won the
         honorary title of National-level      honorary title of National-level       the honorary title of Green         honorary title of Green Factory
             Green Factory in 2023                 Green Factory in 2022              Factory of Shanghai in 2022                 of Xingtai in 2022

            Wanbang Pharma won                   Zhaohui Pharma won the                  Suzhou Erye won the                  Guilin Pharma won the
           the honorary title of Green           honorary title of National-            honorary title of Green               honorary title of Green
           Factory of Jiangsu in 2021           level Green Factory in 2021            Factory of Jiangsu in 2020           Factory of Guangxi in 2018




   3.2.2 The EHS Management System and Compliance Audits
       The Group conducts regular external and internal EHS management system and compliance audits, and always
       ensures the stable and compliant operation of the EHS management system in accordance with the PDCA (Plan,
       Do, Check and Act) procedure. The Group conducts annual tracking audit for all subsidiaries that have passed the
       ISO14001 environmental management system, and performs renewal audit every three years. On this basis, the
       Group actively promotes the internal audit of environmental management system and environmental compliance,
       including the audit of the listed company, cross-audit of subsidiaries and internal audit of subsidiary systems. During
       the Reporting Period, the EHS management system (including the environmental management system) of the Group
       had regular environmental impact audits coverage of 100%.

       In view of the problems listed in the audit report, the audited subsidiaries need to make a corrective and preventive
       action plans, and the EHS department of the Group is responsible for following up the rectification of audit findings.
       The Group requires the subsidiaries engaged in preparations business to undergo at least one cross-audit every
       three years, the subsidiaries engaged in APIs to receive one cross-audit every year, and all subsidiaries to complete
       at least one EHS management system internal audit every year and report the results to the EHS department of the
       Company, which will all be included in the rectification tracking plan. Based on the severity level of the problems, the
       audited subsidiaries will make a corrective and preventive action plans and set different time limits for rectification.
       The EHS department of the Company is responsible for follow-up and rectification.

       The EHS internal and compliance audits mainly examine five dimensions, namely EHS system, safety, environment,
       fire protection, and occupational health. In particular, the environment dimension includes seven audit elements,
       namely sewage/water resources, air, solid waste, soil/groundwater, noise, energy/carbon emissions, and general
       environmental protection management elements. Every environmental element audit will include compliance audits.
       Therefore, along with the annual self-evaluation and internal audit in the EHS management system, the Group will
       conduct annual audit of environmental protection compliance of subsidiaries, with a coverage rate of 100%.




                                                                                                      2023 ESG and Sustainability Report               195
3. Environmental Protection



                                              3 forms of the internal EHS management
                                                    system and compliance audit




                                                                                                        Internal audit of
    Audit at the listed company level               Cross audits of subsidiaries
                                                                                                     the subsidiary systems




                                                              4.
                                                      Complete audits
                                                         as planned
                                                      resulting in audit
                                                           reports
                                                                                                5.
                                   3.                                                     Implement
                              audit team                                                  and certify
                              prepares its                                              rectification of
                               audit plan                                              closure of audit
                                                                                             issues

                                                    ehs Internal
                                                    audit process

                                                                                             6.
                                  2.
                                                                                         assess the
                             forming audit
                                                                                       competence of
                                teams
                                                                                          auditors

                                                              1.
                                                        establish and
                                                       maintain a pool
                                                         of internal
                                                          auditors




           During the Reporting Period, the Group invested a total of approximately RMB230 million in environmental
           protection and safety, of which RMB132 million was mainly used for the upgrading and renovation of the
           environmental protection treatment facilities, operation of environmental protection facilities and waste treatment
           in subsidiaries. During the Reporting Period, the subsidiaries paid a total of RMB86,400 in environmental protection
           tax, and the major taxable pollutants were sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, non-methane hydrocarbons and
           particulate matters.




196 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
3. Environmental Protection



   3.2.3 Environmental Strategic Goals
       The Group continues to practice low pollution and low emissions, and actively calls for the harmonious and
       sustainable development between profit and social environment. In 2021, the Company set the EHS strategic
       goals from 2021 to 2025. In particular, the Group set high-standard quantitative target values for waste gas,
       sewage, waste discharge and water resource consumption, so as to urge the Group to achieve industry-leading
       environmental performance and further improve the environmental and resource management of subsidiaries.
       While formulating strategic goals, the Group has also established a detailed path to achieve the goals, and set up
       various quantitative indicators to follow up the progress in meeting the goals every quarter and adjust the action
       path accordingly. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group has outperformed in meeting the goals in a
       number of environmental indicators.

       During the Reporting Period, the Group also set 10 environmental management goals, in addition to carbon
       emission and energy consumption management goals. The details are as follows:


                                                                                                        Progress in
                                                                                                        meeting goal
        Item                 Unit/indicator          Goal for 2025              Goal for 2023           for 2023

        Waste gas emission

        Nitrogen oxides      g/RMB10,000 revenue     Decrease by 20%            Decrease by 12%         Goal achieved
                                                     compared to 2020           compared to 2020

        Sulfur dioxide       g/RMB10,000 revenue     Decrease by 20%            Decrease by 12%         Goal achieved
                                                     compared to 2020           compared to 2020

        Particulate matter   g/RMB10,000 revenue     Decrease by 20%            Decrease by 12%         Goal achieved
                                                     compared to 2020           compared to 2020

        VOCs                 Compliance              100%                       100%                    Goal achieved

        Sewage discharge

        Sewage               ton/RMB10,000 revenue   Decrease by 15%            Decrease by 9%          Goal achieved
                                                     compared to 2020           compared to 2020

        COD                  kg/RMB10,000 revenue    Decrease by 15%            Decrease by 9%          Goal achieved
                                                     compared to 2020           compared to 2020

        Ammonia nitrogen     kg/RMB10,000 revenue    Decrease by 15%            Decrease by 9%          Goal not yet
                                                     compared to 2020           compared to 2020        achieved

        Wastes disposal

        Total waste          kg/RMB10,000 revenue    Decrease by 10%            Decrease by 6%          Goal achieved
                                                     compared to 2019           compared to 2019

        Hazardous waste      kg/RMB10,000 revenue    Increase by no more than   Increase by no more     Goal achieved
                                                     59% compared to 2020       than 33% compared to
                                                                                2020

        Water consumption

        Water consumption    m3/RMB10,000 revenue    Decrease by 15%            Decrease by 9%          Goal achieved
                                                     compared to 2020           compared to 2020




                                                                                2023 ESG and Sustainability Report     197
3. Environmental Protection



    3.2.4 Pollutant Management
        The Group abides by the Air Pollution Prevention Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Water Pollution
        Prevention Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Solid Waste Pollution Prevention Law of the People’s Republic
        of China and other relevant laws and regulations, controls the emission of pollutants such as waste gas, sewage
        and waste, and actively adopts management measures while ensuring the compliance of emission intensity, so
        as to gradually reduce the pollutant emission intensity and continuously mitigate the potential impact on the
        environment.

        Waste Gas Management


        Major Actions and Strategies
        •    Strengthen the management of the existing air emission sources, maintain stable compliance with emission
             standards, and gradually reduce the amount; control new sources of air pollution

        •       Limit high concentration emission sources of sulfur dioxide and particulate matter; new VOCs emission
                sources to be equipped with treatment facilities at the same time

        2021-2025 EHS Five-Year Strategic Goals
        •    Intensity of nitrogen oxides: Reduction by 20% in 2025 compared with that in 2020, i.e. 40.86 g/RMB10,000
             revenue by 2025

        •       Intensity of sulfur dioxide: Reduction by 20% in 2025 compared with that in 2020, i.e. 27.41 g/RMB10,000
                revenue by 2025

        •       Intensity of particulate matter: Reduction by 20% in 2025 compared with that in 2020, i.e. 9.57 g/RMB10,000
                revenue in 2025

        •       100% compliance with annual VOCs emissions to be achieved by 2025

        Achievement of Performance Indicators

                                                                                                        Achievement of Goal
                                                                                                2023    for 2023 in the Five-
            Performance indicator                                              (Indicator vs. Actual)   year Strategic Goals

            Intensity of nitrogen oxides (g/RMB10,000 revenue)                        45.04 VS 38.38    Goal achieved
            Intensity of sulfur dioxide (g/RMB10,000 revenue)                         30.22 VS 29.77    Goal achieved
            Intensity of particulate matter (g/RMB10,000 revenue)                     10.55 VS 8.88     Goal achieved
            VOCs emissions control rate                                              100% VS 100%       Goal achieved


        The air pollution of the Group mainly comes from various kinds of organized and unorganized volatile organic
        compounds (such as non-methane hydrocarbons) emitted by manufacturing subsidiaries, nitrogen oxides/sulfur
        dioxide/smoke particles generated by boilers during full and incomplete combustion, etc. Accordingly, the Group
        has formulated four internal control characteristic pollution factors in air pollution control, namely nitrogen oxides,
        sulfur dioxide, particulate matter and volatile organic compounds (VOCs).

        The Group actively responds to the requirements of national and regional environmental protection departments.
        On one hand, we reinforce source control by encouraging the adoption of processes to replace volatile substances
        such as organic solvents and cleaning agents, so as to control the generation of waste gas pollution from the source.
        On the other hand, we fully consider the organized collection of waste gas to reduce the unorganized emission of
        VOCs. During the Reporting Period, the air pollutant emissions of the Group comprised nitrogen oxides of 158 tons,
        sulfur dioxide of 123 tons, particulate matter of 37 tons and VOCs of 43 tons.




198 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
3. Environmental Protection



      Air Pollutant Emissions

                                                                                                                  Volatile
                                                                                                                  organic
                                                                                                                  compounds
                                Nitrogen oxides              Sulfur dioxide               Particulate matter      (VOCs)
                            Total         Intensity     Total          Intensity       Total          Intensity   Total
                          (ton/year)   (g/RMB10,000   (ton/year)    (g/RMB10,000     (ton/year)    (g/RMB10,000   (ton/year)
                                           revenue)                     revenue)                       revenue)

        2016                466            —            485             —               19             —          —
        2017                239            —            245             —               41             —          —
        2018                251            —            279             —               44             —          —
        2019                258            —            134             —               36             —          —
        2020                158            —            105             —               37             —          24
        2021                182           46.61         101           25.91             25            6.45        43
        2022                204           46.45         118           26.91             30            6.90        41
        2023                158           38.38         123           29.77             37            8.88        43




                                                                                   2023 ESG and Sustainability Report    199
3. Environmental Protection



        Specific Measures for the Treatment of Air Pollutants by Major Subsidiaries

          Name of enterprise    Type of air pollutants                                 Configuration of air pollution treatment facility

          Yao Pharma (Renhe)    Nitrogen oxides, particulate matter, non-methane       Bag dust removal, low nitrogen combustion, activated
                                hydrocarbons                                           carbon adsorption

          Yao Pharma (Shuitu)   Nitrogen oxides, particulate matter, non-methane       Bag dust removal, low nitrogen combustion
                                hydrocarbons

          Jisirui Pharma        Nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, particulate matter,   Bag dust removal, low nitrogen combustion
                                non-methane hydrocarbons

          Carelife Pharma       Non-methane hydrocarbons                               Lye spray + paraffin oil spray + activated carbon
            (First Plant)                                                              adsorption, lye spray + activated carbon adsorption

          Carelife Pharma       Non-methane hydrocarbons                               Lye spray + activated carbon adsorption, lye spray +
            (Second Plant)                                                             paraffin oil spray + activated carbon adsorption, water
                                                                                       spray + lye spray + resin adsorption

          Dongting Pharma       Nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, particulate matter,   Lye spray + UV + lye spray + activated carbon
                                non-methane hydrocarbons                               adsorption

          Shinsun Pharma        Nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, particulate matter,   Activated carbon adsorption
                                non-methane hydrocarbons

          Jisimei (Wuhan)       Non-methane hydrocarbons                               Primary and medium efficiency filtration + activated
                                                                                       carbon adsorption

          Hexin Pharma          Nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, particulate matter,   Low nitrogen combustion, spray tower + activated
                                non-methane hydrocarbons                               carbon adsorption, oil fume purifier

          Guilin Pharma         Nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, particulate matter,   Lye/acid spray + lye spray + activated carbon adsorption
                                non-methane hydrocarbons                               + zeolite rotor adsorption + RTO

          Suzhou Erye           Nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, particulate matter,   Activated carbon desorption and adsorption + two-
                                non-methane hydrocarbons                               level water washing, activated carbon adsorption, two-
                                                                                       level water washing + RTO incineration + lye spray,
                                                                                       secondary combustion chamber + quenching tower+
                                                                                       bag dust removal + spray washing

          Shandong Erye         Nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, particulate matter,   SNCR + flue gas quenching + dry deacidification + bag
                                non-methane hydrocarbons                               dust removal + lye spray + wet electrostatic precipitator,
                                                                                       lye spray + water spray + activated carbon adsorption +
                                                                                       desorption, lye spray, activated carbon adsorption, low
                                                                                       nitrogen combustion

          Red Flag Pharma       Nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, particulate matter,   Cloth bag filtration, low nitrogen combustion
                                non-methane hydrocarbons                               technology, water washing + activated carbon
                                                                                       adsorption, water washing +cloth bag filtration

          Chemo Biopharma       Non-methane hydrocarbons                               Activated carbon adsorption

          Wanbang Jinqiao       Non-methane hydrocarbons                               Zeolite wheel + catalytic oxidation, activated carbon
                                                                                       adsorption + steam desorption, lye spray + acid spray
                                                                                       + biofilter + sodium hypochlorite spray, lye spray+ acid
                                                                                       spray+ biofilter + activated carbon adsorption

          Zhaohui Pharma        Particulate matter, non-methane hydrocarbons           Filter cartridge dust removal + alkaline wash +
                                                                                       dehydration and demisting + activated carbon
                                                                                       absorption, activated carbon absorption, oil fume
                                                                                       purifier, alkaline cleaner, spray, bag dust removal




200 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
3. Environmental Protection



        Name of enterprise          Type of air pollutants                                 Configuration of air pollution treatment facility

        Wanbang Folon               Nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, particulate matter    Low nitrogen combustion of boilers, bag dust removal,
                                                                                           biological filter deodorization, spray + electrostatic
                                                                                           adsorption, photocatalytic oxidation+ activated carbon

        Wanbang Tiansheng           Nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, particulate matter    Low nitrogen combustion of boilers

        Suntech Pharma              Particulate matter, non-methane hydrocarbons           Activated carbon adsorption

        Xingnuo Pharma              Non-methane hydrocarbons                               RTO incineration, lye spray, bag filter, two-stage
                                                                                           activated carbon adsorption + biological deodorization

        Fosun Pharma (Xuzhou)       Particulate matter, non-methane hydrocarbons           Bag dust removal, water spray + activated carbon
                                                                                           adsorption, alkaline water spray tower + biological filter
                                                                                           box deodorization, activated carbon adsorption

        Avanc Pharma                Nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, particulate matter,   Low nitrogen combustion, condensation + water
                                    non-methane hydrocarbons                               washing + lye washing + activated carbon adsorption,
                                                                                           water washing + biological purification + packing
                                                                                           adsorption, dust removal system - multi-stage filtration
                                                                                           technology

        Fosun Aleph                 Nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, particulate matter,   Spray tower, demisting, low temperature plasma
                                    non-methane hydrocarbons                               purifier, activated carbon adsorption box

        Fosun Antejin               Non-methane hydrocarbons                               Tunnel infrared sterilizer + activated carbon adsorption,
                                                                                           water washing spray + UV photo-oxygen catalyst,
                                                                                           water washing spray + tunnel infrared sterilizer + UV
                                                                                           photo-oxygen catalyst + activated carbon adsorption

        Shanghai Henlius (Yishan    Nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, particulate matter,   Activated carbon adsorption, low nitrogen combustion
          Road)                     non-methane hydrocarbons

        Shanghai Henlius            Nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, particulate matter    Activated carbon adsorption, low nitrogen combustion
          (Songjiang First Plant)

        Shanghai Henlius            Nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, particulate matter    Activated carbon adsorption, low nitrogen combustion
          (Songjiang Second
          Plant)

        Huaiyin Medical             Non-methane hydrocarbons                               Activated carbon adsorption

        Fosun Beiling               Non-methane hydrocarbons                               Activated carbon adsorption




                                                                                                2023 ESG and Sustainability Report             201
3. Environmental Protection




          Case: Carelife Pharma adopted a new resin waste gas treatment process

          Resin is a spherical polymer particle with three-dimensional mesh structure and adsorption selectivity. The
          principle of resin adsorption process in treating VOCs is to adsorb and recover the organic matter in the waste
          gas to purify the waste gas, which has an especially high removal rate for non-polar and weakly polar VOCs.
          At present, the process is tested to have a high VOCs removal efficiency, which not only meets the discharge
          requirements, but also has a discharge concentration far below the limit. Through the oil-water separation of
          VOCs components, the process can effectively separate and recover some organic solvents.



                                                                                     Back-end processing
                               Organic waste                  Resin
                                                                                     for meeting emission
                                   gas                      adsorption
                                                                                          standards
                                                           VOCs treatment
                                                          integrated system



                                                             Oil-water
                                                            separation
                              Illustration of resin                                   Microstructure


                                 Emission              Water             Oil              Recovery


                           The new resin waste gas treatment process adopted by Carelife Pharma




          Case: Air emission reduction of boiler pollutants of Avanc Pharma


          Nitrogen oxides are one of the major air pollutants. Installing a low-nitrogen burner not only improves the
          energy utilization rate, but also reduces the nitrogen oxides emission and effectively improves the air quality.
          Avanc Pharma renovated the low-nitrogen burners of boilers No.4 and No.5, and saw a obvious decrease in the
          total amount and concentration of nitrogen oxides emitted when burning natural gas in boilers.




                                                Boiler renovation of Avanc Pharma




202 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
3. Environmental Protection



              Sewage Management


              Major Actions and Strategies


              •      Increase in hardware investment in sewage treatment facilities, add sewage treatment facilities or upgrade
                     and renovate sewage treatment facilities


              2021-2025 EHS Five-Year Strategic Goals
              •    Sewage discharge intensity: Reduction by 15% in 2025 compared with that in 2020, i.e. 1.838 tons/
                     RMB10,000 revenue by 2025


              •      COD emission intensity: Reduction by 15% in 2025 compared with that in 2020, i.e. 0.188 kg/RMB10,000
                     revenue by 2025


              •      Ammonia nitrogen emission intensity: Reduction by 15% in 2025 compared with that in 2020, i.e. 0.0246 kg/
                     RMB10,000 revenue by 2025


              Achievement of Performance Indicators

                                                                                                                               Achievement of Goal
                                                                                                                    2023       for 2023 in the Five-
                  Performance indicator                                                        (Indicator vs. Actual)          year Strategic Goals

                  Sewage discharge intensity (ton/RMB10,000 revenue)                                  1.962 VS 1.820           Goal achieved
                  COD emission intensity (kg/RMB10,000 revenue)                                       0.201 VS 0.198           Goal achieved
                  Ammonia nitrogen emission intensity (kg/RMB10,000 revenue)                         0.0265 VS 0.0465          Goal not yet achieved




        Sewage discharge intensity Unit: ton/RMB10,000 revenue                             COD emission intensity          Unit: kg/RMB10,000 revenue

 5.0                                                                         0.50
       4.64
                                                                                            0.45
 4.5                                                                         0.45
              3.95
 4.0                                                                         0.40
                                                                                                   0.34
 3.5                                                                         0.35   0.33
                     3.04
 3.0                                               15%                       0.30                                                 15%
                                                                                                          0.27
                            2.48
 2.5                                                                         0.25                                0.22
                                   2.15
                                          1.92                 1.84                                                                   0.20   0.19
 2.0                                                    1.82          1.75   0.20                                       0.18   0.19                 0.18
                                                 1.71
 1.5                                                                         0.15

 1.0                                                                         0.10

 0.5                                                                         0.05

 0.0                                                                         0.00
       2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2025 2030                            2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2025 2030




                                                                                                    2023 ESG and Sustainability Report              203
3. Environmental Protection



                              Ammonia nitrogen emission intensity                        Unit: kg/RMB10,000 revenue

                               0.30
                                              0.262
                               0.25


                               0.20


                               0.15

                                                      0.102                              15%
                               0.10

                                      0.041                   0.046                   0.040 0.047
                               0.05                                           0.038
                                                                      0.029                         0.025 0.022

                               0.00
                                      2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2025 2030




        The sewage discharge of the Group mainly includes production sewage and domestic sewage. According to the
        principle of “rainwater and sewage separation and classified treatment”, all sewage, including the initial rainwater
        of subsidiaries engaged in API business, is first treated by the internal sewage treatment station, and then enter the
        designated municipal pipeline network after meeting the discharge concentration limit standard, and then further
        treated by the local sewage treatment unit before discharge. The Group does not directly discharge sewage into
        surface water, groundwater and seawater.


        As at the end of the Reporting Period, all the manufacturing subsidiaries of the Group listed as key pollutant
        discharge entities (water) completed the installation of the online sewage monitoring system, and the Company
        may obtain the real time drainage indicators of the key pollutant discharge subsidiaries, thus strengthening the
        supervision on the discharge by subsidiaries. During the Reporting Period, the Group had a total sewage discharge
        of 7,507,716 tons, chemical oxygen demand (COD) of 817 tons, and ammonia nitrogen of 192 tons.


        Water Pollutants Discharge

                                                                                                 Sewage                                 Ammonia
                            Total sewage                                Ammonia                discharge           COD emission nitrogen emission
                               discharge                   COD           nitrogen               intensity              intensity         intensity
                                (ton/year)            (ton/year)        (ton/year) (ton/RMB10,000                 (kg/RMB10,000     (kg/RMB10,000
                                                                                                revenue)                revenue)          revenue)
          2016                  6,785,400                     490                 61                   4.64                0.33              0.041
          2017                  7,315,890                     841                486                   3.95                0.45              0.262
          2018                  7,565,178                     847                254                   3.04                0.34              0.102
          2019                  7,091,033                     778                130                   2.48                0.27              0.046
          2020                  6,505,479                     655                 89                   2.15                 0.22             0.030
          2021                  7,497,581                     704                146                   1.92                 0.18             0.038
          2022                  7,523,754                     841                175                   1.71                 0.19             0.040
          2023                  7,507,716                     817                192                   1.82                 0.20             0.047




204 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
3. Environmental Protection



      Water Pollutants Discharge by Business Segment


                                                                                                         Annual total
                                                      Total sewage      Annual discharge of              discharge of
        Segment                                           discharge                     COD         ammonia nitrogen
                                                                (ton)                    (ton)                      (ton)

        Pharmaceutical manufacturing                      6,385,505                   743.17                     171.96
        Medical devices and medical diagnosis                52,857                      4.61                       0.41
        Healthcare services                               1,069,355                    68.86                      19.55

        Total                                             7,507,716                   816.64                     191.93




        Case: Renovated and upgraded the sewage stations to further enhance treatment capacity

        The Group continued to invest in sewage treatment hardware facilities to enhance the treatment capacity of
        the sewage stations through acquisition or upgrading and renovation.


        Guilin Pharma systematically renovated the sewage treatment system, and adopted the technology of “acidolysis
        + iron carbon” to treat high-concentration sewage, which not only enhanced the sewage treatment capacity,
        but also improved the degree of automation of the sewage treatment system in all aspects.


        Suzhou Erye upgraded the sewage online monitoring equipment brand and replaced the aerobic zone filler,
        which significantly reduced the failure rate of online monitoring equipment and improved the data accuracy.


        Carelife Pharma adopted the Fenton oxidation technology to treat high-concentration sewage in a targeted
        manner, and introduced the MBR process to deeply treat the effluent of aerobic zone filler, which further
        reduced the pollutant concentration, in addition to meeting the discharge standards.




        Sewage treatment system of                  Sewage station of                          Fenton system
                Guilin Pharma                          Suzhou Erye                             introduced by
                                                                                               Carelife Pharma




                                                                               2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   205
3. Environmental Protection



               Waste Management


               Major Actions and Strategies
               •       Give priority to zero landfill for hazardous waste disposal to mitigate the long-term impact of the pollutant
                       disposal on the environment


               •       Launch waste reduction projects, regularly assess the disposal quantities of major pollutant producers, and
                       transmit the pressure for reduction


               •       Evaluate the ways of waste entering the social cycle and disposal, and actively explore new value points of
                       waste on the social cycle chain


               2021–2025 EHS Five-Year Strategic Goals
               •    Total waste intensity: Reduction by 10% in 2025 compared with that in 2019, i.e. 23.166 kg/RMB10,000
                       revenue by 2025


               •       Hazardous waste intensity: Increase by no more than 10% every year, i.e. 3.10 kg/RMB10,000 revenue by
                       2025


               Achievement of Performance Indicators

                                                                                                                           Achievement of Goal
                                                                                                                   2023    for 2023 in the Five-
                   Performance indicator                                                      (Indicator vs. Actual)       year Strategic Goals

                   Total waste intensity (kg/RMB10,000 revenue)                                    24.226 VS 13.583        Goal achieved

                   Hazardous waste intensity (kg/RMB10,000 revenue)                                       2.60 VS 2.332    Goal achieved


                   Total waste intensity Unit: kg/RMB10,000 revenue                     Hazardous waste intensity Unit: kg/RMB10,000 revenue
  60                                                                           3.5
       55.27
                                                                                                                                                3.10
                                                                                                                                 10%
                                                                               3.0
  50           48.01

                                                                               2.5                                                       2.33
  40
                       34.36                               10%                                                     1.95
                                                                               2.0
  30                                                                                                                              1.72
                               25.74                                                                        1.51          1.53
                                                                       23.17   1.5
                                                                                            1.29
  20                                                                                 1.11          1.07
                                               17.01
                                       16.26           15.72                   1.0
                                                               13.58
  10
                                                                               0.5


   0                                                                           0.0
       2016    2017    2018    2019    2020    2021    2022    2023    2025          2016   2017   2018    2019    2020   2021    2022   2023   2025




206 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
3. Environmental Protection



      The Group has included the recycling and comprehensive utilization of internal wastes in the 2021-2025 EHS
      five-year strategic goals. Adhering to the principle of “reduction, recycling and harmless treatment”, we attach
      great importance to the impact of waste input, generation and discharge on human health and environment
      during the whole process of raw material procurement, production and operation and final product disposal. The
      Company requires all subsidiaries to check the types, sources and quantities of wastes, establish a list of wastes,
      and monitor the generation, transfer and disposal of wastes. On the premise of preventing wastes from polluting
      the environment, the Company strengthens the management and reduction of hazardous wastes and other wastes
      with potential environmental risks, and treats and disposes of all kinds of wastes safely according to law.


      The Group classifies wastes into three major categories: domestic wastes, general industrial wastes and hazardous
      wastes. During the Reporting Period, the Group had a total waste of 56,029 tons, representing a year-on-year
      decrease of approximately 19%, and a total waste intensity of 13.583 kg/RMB10,000 revenue. Among the industrial
      wastes, the Group recycled 38,093 tons of wastes, and engaged the qualified third-party entities for compliance
      disposal and reuse. Such recycled industrial wastes include recycled waste packaging materials, animal pancreatic
      residues, coal residues and Chinese medicine filter residue.


      During the Reporting Period, the Group generated a total hazardous waste of 9,618 tons, of which 2,101 tons were
      reused, 7,276 tons were incinerated, 164 tons were landfilled, and 77 tons were otherwise disposed of. Since the
      2022 EHS Management Month, the Group has kept responding to the national call of the Zero-Waste City. During
      the Reporting Period, the Group continued to promote and implement the target requirement of “zero landfill” of
      hazardous wastes, and pushed ahead the landfill process replacement projects of a number of subsidiaries, with
      the hazardous wastes landfill volume decreasing by 21% or 44 tons year on year. During the Reporting Period, the
      Group had no soil and groundwater pollution incident caused by waste/chemical leakage.


      Wastes and Intensity

                                   Total waste        Hazardous waste                  Total waste        Hazardous waste
                                        volume                  volume                    intensity                 intensity
                                           (ton)                      (ton)   (kg/RMB10,000 revenue)   (kg/RMB10,000 revenue)

        2016                             80,848                      1,627                    55.27                     1.11
        2017                             88,967                      2,397                    48.01                     1.29
        2018                             85,797                      2,683                    34.36                     1.07
        2019                             73,548                      4,321                    25.74                     1.51
        2020                             49,286                      5,915                    16.26                     1.95
        2021                             66,328                      5,954                    17.01                     1.53
        2022                             69,147                      7,568                    15.72                     1.72
        2023                             56,029                      9,618                    13.58                     2.33




                                                                                   2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   207
3. Environmental Protection



        Waste Disposal by Business Segment in 2023

                                                                                            Industrial solid waste
          Segment                                                  Domestic waste         (non-hazardous waste)          Hazardous waste
                                                                                 (ton)                           (ton)              (ton)

          Pharmaceutical manufacturing                                         2,271                         40,303                8,291
          Medical devices and medical diagnosis                                  129                             107                 61
          Healthcare services                                                  3,602                                0              1,266

          Total                                                                6,002                         40,410                9,618




          Case: Guilin Pharma won the title of the first batch of “waste-free factories” with the highest score in Guilin

          In 2023, Guilin Bureau of Industry and Information Technology and Guilin Bureau of Ecology and Environment
          announced the list of demonstration entities (first batch) for establishing “waste-free factories” in Guilin, and
          our subsidiary Guilin Pharma won the title of the first batch of “waste-free factories” in Guilin with a high score
          of 98.7. “Waste-free factory” is one of the important component for the construction of “waste-free city”,
          which refers to a factory that, based on the principles of source reduction, in-plant circulation and green and
          low carbon, urges industrial solid waste generating entities to continuously promote the source reduction and
          resource utilization of solid waste by means of raw material substitution, process transformation, technological
          upgrading and point-to-point utilization, so as to minimize the landfill volume and the environmental impact
          of solid waste. Guilin Pharma will adhere to the green recycling development concept, unswervingly follow the
          green development path, and build a recycling development model according to the ideas of “intra-company
          small recycling, inter-company medium recycling and social participation big recycling”, continuously and
          effectively promote the construction of “waste-free factories” and support the construction of “waste-free
          cities”.




                                                  “Waste-free factory” of Guilin Pharma




208 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
3. Environmental Protection



   3.2.5 Resources Management

       Water Resources Management


       Major Actions and Strategies
       •      Reduce consumption from the source, limit projects with high water consumption, and replace high-water
              consumption processes and high-water consumption equipment


       •      Promote and modify water-saving equipment and water-saving appliances (such as water-saving toilet and
              water-saving faucets)


       •      Encourage all kinds of water recycling systems (such as condensate water reuse, reclaimed water reuse and
              rainwater reuse)


       2021–2025 EHS Five-Year Strategic Goals
       •    Water consumption intensity: Reduction by 15% in 2025 compared with that in 2020, i.e. 2.65 m 3/
              RMB10,000 revenue by 2025


       Achievement of Performance Indicators

                                                                                                                        Achievement of Goal
                                                                                                                2023    for 2023 in the Five-
           Performance indicator                                                               (Indicator vs. Actual)   year Strategic Goals
                                          3
           Water consumption intensity (m /RMB10,000 revenue)                                            2.83 VS 2.54   Goal achieved


                                                                                                 Unit: m3/
                                                                                                RMB10,000
                                                     Water consumption intensity                 revenue

                                   7

                                       5.99
                                   6

                                              5.14
                                   5

                                                     3.99                          15%
                                   4
                                                            3.33
                                                                   3.10
                                   3                                      2.70                 2.65
                                                                                 2.40   2.54          2.39
                                   2


                                   1


                                   0
                                       2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2025 2030




                                                                                                   2023 ESG and Sustainability Report     209
3. Environmental Protection



        The Group recognizes the importance of water resources for sustainable production and life, human health and
        ecosystem stability, and also pay attention to the impact on its business continuity. During the Reporting Period,
        the Group mainly used municipal water supply for production and domestic use, and made no unauthorized use of
        underground or surface water sources. The total water consumption was 10,489,189 m3, representing a decrease
        of 0.53% compared with 2022, and the water consumption intensity was 2.54 m3/RMB10,000 revenue.


        During the Reporting Period, the Group carried out and implemented a number of water-saving measures, achieving
        a total water saving of 760,000 m3, accounting for 7.26% of the total water consumption for the year.


        Total Water Consumption and Water Consumption Intensity

                                                               Total water consumption       Water consumption intensity
                                                                                 (m3/year)                       (m3/year)

          2016                                                                8,769,376                             5.99
          2017                                                                9,515,697                             5.14
          2018                                                                9,959,415                             3.99
          2019                                                                9,527,927                             3.33
          2020                                                                9,381,818                             3.10
          2021                                                               10,521,811                             2.70
          2022                                                               10,545,581                             2.40
          2023                                                               10,489,189                             2.54




210 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
3. Environmental Protection



      Summary of the Key Water-saving Projects of Certain Subsidiaries

                                                                                                                         Total water-
                                                          Water-saving measures                                        saving volume
      Name of enterprise          Water-saving engineering measures           Administrative measures                      (10,000 m3)


      Yao Pharma (Renhe)          Recover concentrated water, recover         Post water-saving reminders in toilets              2.5
                                  condensate water
      Yao Pharma (Shuitu)         Recover condensate water, optimize the      Post water-saving reminders in toilets             15.2
                                  reuse of rainwater in landscape pools
                                  during the rainy season, improve the
                                  efficiency of purified water production
      Jisirui Pharma              Recover condensate water                                                                        0.2
      Carelife Pharma                                                         Optimize water meter measurement                    3.6
          (Second Plant)
      Dongting Pharma             Recover condensate water, optimize                                                              1.4
                                  cooling circulation system
      Hexin Pharma                Recover condensate water, reuse bottle      Post water-saving reminders                         0.7
                                  washing water for replenishment of
                                  water in cooling towers
      Jiluohua Pharma             Recover concentrated water, reuse                                                               3.4
                                  reclaimed water for greening
      Guilin Pharma               Recover concentrated water, modify          Optimize water meter measurement                    3.2
                                  freeze dryers
      Suzhou Erye                 Reuse reclaimed water, modify liquid        Post water-saving reminders                         1.8
                                  level automatic control in cooling tower,
                                  recycle vacuum pump cooling water
      Shandong Erye               Reuse reclaimed water, recover              Optimize water meter measurement                    3.7
                                  condensate water, increase the use of
                                  reclaimed water in sewage stations
      Red Flag Pharma             Optimize cooling methods of purified                                                            1.4
                                  water system, recycle concentrated water
      Chemo Biopharma             Reuse reclaimed water                       Optimize water meter measurement                    0.1
      Wanbang Jinqiao             Modify temperature control and water                                                            0.1
                                  replenishment of water jet vacuum units,
                                  control TCU cooling water flow
      Zhaohui Pharma              Adopt automatic control measures            Optimize water meter measurement                    2.6
                                  for vacuum pump to reduce the use
                                  of cooling water usage, improve the
                                  utilization rate of raw water for water
                                  production
      Wanbang Folon               Reuse reclaimed water                       Add a standby mode to purified water                0.9
                                                                              system
      Xingnuo Pharma              Install water meter in different zones      Optimize water meter measurement                    2.1
      Avanc Pharma                Adjust purified water system to interval                                                       31.3
                                  production, use reclaimed water for
                                  greening and irrigation
      Fosun Aleph                                                             Adjust production plans during high                 0.9
                                                                              temperature seasons, avoid peak
                                                                              operation
      Shanghai Henlius (Yishan    Reuse reclaimed water, recycle with in      Optimize water meter measurement,                   0.8
        Road)                     cooling water tower                         post water-saving reminders
      Shanghai Henlius            Reuse reclaimed water, recycle with in      Optimize water meter measurement,                   0.3
        (Songjiang First Plant)   cooling water tower                         post water-saving reminders




                                                                                        2023 ESG and Sustainability Report     211
3. Environmental Protection




          Case: Introduced reclaimed water reuse system to improve the utilization rate of water resources

          In order to save water resources and reduce sewage discharge, Shanghai Henlius introduced a reclaimed water
          reuse system to further improve the utilization rate of water resources, and collected concentrated water and
          pure steam condensate during the preparation of pure water for reuse, which was used to replenish water
          for some equipment of the factory public works. The reclaimed water recycling device adopts UF+RO process,
          which can effectively save water resources and reduce sewage discharge, and has obvious environmental and
          economic benefits. At present, the reclaimed water reuse system has been widely used in various subsidiaries.


                                                   PAC


                                                Quartz sand   Activated carbon        Ultraﬁltration
                                                 ﬁltration        ﬁltration         membrane ﬁltration




                                                                                    Reclaimed water
                                                                                     storage bucket
                                                              Backﬂushing

                                                                                 Sodium hypochlorite



                           Process flow of reclaimed water reuse treatment of Shanghai Henlius




          Case: Regular maintenance and improvement of underground water pipes in factories

          Our subsidiaries mainly use underground pipes for water supply networks. If there is any leakage in
          underground pipes, it may be difficult to find them in time. For enterprises with multiple years of operation,
          pipe network leakage could be highly probable. Therefore, the Company requires all subsidiaries, especially
          those with high water consumption level, to regularly inspect the leakage of their underground water supply
          networks, and make a comprehensive examination of the wear and tear of the whole underground water
          supply network with the help of technologies such as micro-probe or small robot, so as to timely find out
          the leakage points or seriously worn sections for replacement, and reduce or prevent water waste in the
          underground water supply network.




212 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
3. Environmental Protection



      Packaging Materials Management


      Based on the properties of the packaging materials, the Group divides the packaging materials involved in the
      manufacturing, transportation and sales of products into six categories: glass, metal, wood, paper, rubber and
      plastic. During the Reporting Period, the Group consumed traceable packaging materials of 18,772 tons in total,
      including non-renewable materials of 9,624 tons and renewable materials of 9,148 tons.


      Drugs are special products directly related to people’s livelihood and health. Both the designs for the inner
      packaging and the outer packaging of drugs must meet the requirements of the drug safety supervision law, and
      cannot be recycled completely based on the environmental protection and reduction principle. Therefore, under the
      premise of meeting the drug safety supervision, the Group is actively finding a way of maximizing the reduction and
      recycling of drug package materials. On the one hand, the Group reduces and streamlines the outer packaging of
      products from the source, and optimizes the product manufacturing process to reduce packaging material waste.
      Certain subsidiaries cooperate with upstream and downstream customers to use material turnover boxes instead of
      disposable material boxes to reduce packaging material loss in the transportation process, while other subsidiaries
      reduce the printing size of drug instructions to reduce paper consumption. On the other hand, the Group actively
      promotes the packaging material recycling process, classifies and manages the packaging materials from unpacking
      incoming materials, and recycles the packaging materials within the Company. The Group sells the non-recyclable
      packaging materials to the resource recycling department to complete materials recycling with the help of social
      resources. The Group pays due attention to the environmental footprint of materials involved in the product
      manufacturing, transportation and sales, and continuously reduces material consumption and improves the material
      recycling rate to reduce the compensation for natural resources and promote the efficient and sustainable resource
      utilization. During the Reporting Period, the Group recycled 853 tons of packaging materials externally, accounting
      for 4.54% of the total packaging materials consumption, and the packaging materials consumption intensity was 4.55
      kg/RMB10,000 revenue.


      Packaging Materials Consumption

                                                                                        Percentage
                       Total      Total Percentage                                Non-      of non-
                   packaging renewable of renewable                          renewable renewable
                    materials materials    materials       Of which            materials materials                 Of which
                                                         Paper      Wood                              Plastic   Rubber      Glass    Metal
                         (ton)       (ton)                (ton)      (ton)         (ton)                (ton)     (ton)      (ton)    (ton)

       2021           20,793         9,890    47.6%       9,873        17       10,903       52.4%     3,054       578      6,810      461
       2022           19,437         9,669    49.7%       9,629        40         9,768      50.3%     3,517       532      5,318      401
       2023           18,772         9,148    48.7%       9,116        32         9,624      51.3%     2,047     1,076      5,278    1,222



      Note: Non-renewable materials include plastic, rubber, glass and metal packaging materials; renewable materials include paper and wood
              packaging materials.




                                                                                             2023 ESG and Sustainability Report      213
3. Environmental Protection




           Case: Our healthcare service institutions promoted “plastic ban” measures to further support the building of “waste-free cities”

           After proposing the national goal of building “waste-free cities”, the healthcare services segment of the Group
           made great efforts to explore opportunities for waste reduction, and continued to promote the “plastic ban”
           measures to further build “waste-free hospitals”. The World Environment Day in 2023 had a global theme
           of “Solution to Plastic Pollution”, aiming at calling for reducing the use of disposable plastic products and
           promoting the recycling of resources. Our three affiliated healthcare institutions, namely Shanghai Xingchen
           Children’s Hospital, Shanghai Zhuoerhui and Beijing Xingyi, no longer provide disposable plastic bags, but offer
           fully biodegradable environmental protection bags or paper bags to broaden patients’ awareness of “plastic
           ban” and promote the green urban development. The measures not only facilitate patients to pack drugs, but
           also reduce plastic pollution from the source. During the Reporting Period, the healthcare services segment
           reduced the use of more than 42,000 plastic bags of different sizes, which is equivalent to over 300 kg of
           plastics.




    3.2.6 Biodiversity

         The Group has always attached great importance to biodiversity protection around us and paid close attention to
         the relevant local government policies. We have no activity, product and service that has a significant impact on
         biodiversity, and no office, business premise and industrial plant that is located in nature reserves or biodiversity-rich
         areas outside nature reserves. We do not destroy original vegetation and ecosystems, do not use protected animals
         for animal experiments, and do not utilize protected plants and animals as raw materials in the production process.


    3.2.7 Investment in Environmental Protection

         During the Reporting Period, the Group invested a total of RMB131,709,600 in environmental protection, which
         was mainly used for the upgrading and renovation of environmental protection treatment facilities, operation of
         environmental protection facilities, and waste disposal of our subsidiaries.


                                                                                                                                              Investment in
                                                                                                                                          environmental
                                                                                                                                                 protection
           Segment                                                                                                                            (RMB10,000)

           Pharmaceutical manufacturing                                                                                                          12,090.61
           Medical devices and medical diagnosis                                                                                                     86.26
           Healthcare services                                                                                                                      994.09

           Total                                                                                                                                 13,170.96




214 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
4. Win-win Partnership

We understand the importance of good supply chain management in promoting business development. As a responsible
international pharmaceutical and health industry group, the Group attaches great importance to the development of synergies
with suppliers, and has always carried out business operations and upheld business ethics with high standards and strict
requirements, and looked forward to cooperating with suppliers who share the same values and sense of responsibility.
Adhering to the procurement principle of “legal and compliant, transparent and quality first”, the Group continuously improves
its supplier management system, collaborates to form win-win partnerships in the value chain ecosystem and leads the
sustainable development of the industry chain.

4.1	Supplier Management

     In compliance with the Tendering and Bidding Law of the People’s Republic of China and other relevant laws and
     regulations of the place where it operates, the Group has formulated the Basic Standards for Procurement and
     Tender Management, the Basic Standards for Green Supplier Management (Trial Implementation) and other internal
     management system documents to ensure that the supplier management is standardized. The Group has established a
     supplier lifecycle management process, covering all aspects of supplier identification and exploration, risk assessment,
     qualification confirmation, comprehensive assessment and termination of cooperation, to ensure a stable and sustainable
     supply chain.

     4.1.1 Strict Screening and Selection
            In order to ensure that the Group’s products are always of high quality and standard, the Group fully integrates
            quality management and risk control measures at the supplier admission stage, and screens qualified suppliers
            from a number of links such as supplier identification, risk assessment and grading review. The Group continuously
            tracks supplier information and quality agreements to ensure that suppliers are capable of meeting the Group’s
            requirements in various aspects such as product quality and performance level. The Group controls and
            manages suppliers in a systematic and standardized manner and continuously improves the level of supply chain
            management.


          Supplier
                                         •     Identify potential suppliers through multiple channels based on business needs
        identification




                                         •     For identified potential suppliers, conduct multi-dimensional assessments around compliance,
             Risk
                                               quality, transportation, financial, political and climate risks, and minimize supply chain risks as early
         assessment                            as at the supplier screening stage


                                         •     Divide potential suppliers into three risk levels: high, medium and low, and carry out different degrees of
                                               access audits based on the risk assessment results and according to the importance of product quality
                                         •     Formulate the R&D and Procurement Management Practice for Global R&D Center, Basic Standards for
                                               Green Supplier Management of Fosun Pharma Group, Pre-qualification Document Template and Basic
           Grading                             Requirements for Review of Tenders for Infrastructure Projects and other systems. The quality, R&D,
           review                              production and procurement departments work together to conduct inspections on suppliers around
                                               qualification documents, production site operations, process technology levels, production capacity
                                               processes, supply chain management and supply chain stability. Meanwhile, each subsidiary conducts
                                               production testing and sample inspection to ensure that the product quality meets the standards



                                         •     After completing the qualification certification, qualified suppliers will be included in the list of
         Inclusion of
                                               qualified suppliers for future cooperation
         the qualified                   •     Sign quality agreements with qualified suppliers and establish supplier profiles, and improve supplier
         supplier list                         quality stability by regularly maintaining and updating their information and quality agreements



                                              Supplier Screening Process




                                                                                                  2023 ESG and Sustainability Report                215
4. Win-win Partnership



        The geographical distribution of suppliers of domestic subsidiaries in the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment of
        the Company as at the end of the Reporting Period, is set out below:


                                                      399
                                                                     12




                                             Geographical
                        4,055
                                             distribution of
                                                suppliers




                               Chinese mainland              Hong Kong, Macau and
                                                             Taiwan Region
                               Overseas



    4.1.2 Continuous Management and Control

        The Group regards supply chain assessment as the focus of supplier management to comprehensively safeguard
        a stable material supply. After suppliers are admitted, the Group conducts performance assessment and grading
        review of suppliers from various dimensions, continuously tracks the performance of suppliers and promotes their
        continuous improvement in order to achieve win-win partnerships.


        Meanwhile, the Group conducts annual audits on suppliers through, among others, qualification audit, document
        audit, and on-site inspection, regularly adjusts the ratings of suppliers based on the audit results, and implements
        targeted ongoing control measures.


                                                                    Qualification               Delivery and service
      Quality control            Conduct compliance
                                                                     compliance                        status



                                       Changes                       Complaints



                                             Supplier Audit Dimensions


        During the Reporting Period, the Group audited a total of 1,114 suppliers and rejected 58 suppliers.




216 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
4. Win-win Partnership



        The audits of suppliers of the major subsidiaries in the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment in 2023 are as
        follows:

                                                       Wanbang           Yao       Avanc     Red Flag      Fosun      Suzhou       Guilin Shanghai
        Company name                                     Pharma      Pharma      Pharma      Pharma        Aleph         Erye     Pharma         Henlius



        Number of suppliers under annual review              297         229           96          59           9         131         161           106
        Number of suppliers involved in business
            for the year                                     488         716           96        168           58         210         261           138
        Proportion of suppliers under annual review 60.86%           31.98% 100.00%          35.12%      15.52%      62.38%      61.69%      76.81%


        Note: The data of Wanbang Pharma, Yao Pharma, Suzhou Erye, Red Flag Pharma and Shanghai Henlius includes the data of all subsidiaries.


        On the basis of continuous improvement in its supplier management, the Group is committed to continuously
        empowering its supply chain partners. Adhering to the “quality first” procurement principle, the Group conducted
        product quality and safety training targeting all suppliers based on the supplier assessment results and the weak
        points identified in the audit, and increased training frequency according to supplier classification during the
        Reporting Period. At the same time, we also continued to track standard requirement and latest information about
        product quality, and shared them with suppliers in real time to assist them to interpret relevant meanings and
        requirements, thereby maintaining their industry knowledge sensitivity.

        We communicate the Supplier Code of Conduct, the Anti-Commercial Bribery Agreement and the Supplier Quality
        Requirements to all suppliers once annually in order to encourage compliance.




                                                         Training materials for suppliers
4.2	Sustainable Supply

   The Group attaches great importance to sustainable development of the supply chain. It enhances the competitiveness of
   its supply chain through implementing green supply chain projects and safeguarding the stability of the supply chain. The
   Group has made good achievements in terms of ensuring supply, improving efficiency, and jointly building green supply
   chain ecology. In the future, we will promote consistent innovation in business management and build a benign ecosystem
   composed of customers, enterprises and suppliers through continuously exploring innovation and reforms in the supply
   chain.




                                                                                                  2023 ESG and Sustainability Report             217
4. Win-win Partnership



    4.2.1 Responsible Supply
        We regard “responsible procurement” as an important supply chain management goal, and expect to promote the
        sustainable development of the whole supply chain through own industry influence. We work with our suppliers to
        focus on sustainability issues in the supply chain. The Company and some subsidiaries has served as the governing
        unit of several trade associations, and actively responded to the requirements of the associations for enterprise
        supply chain risk assessment and management to manage and control supply chain ESG risks. While adhering to the
        procurement principle of “quality first” and strengthening supply chain quality control, the Group has integrated
        ESG requirements into the supplier management process, striving to build a high-quality and sustainable supply
        chain.

        The Supplier Code of Conduct formulated by the Group sets strict and clear requirements for suppliers’ ESG
        performance, and it is applicable to all relevant personnel including suppliers, service providers and contractors.
        The Group will publicize and promote the implementation of the system to such personnel. The Supplier Code of
        Conduct covers the following aspects:

                                         Fair Working               Environment, Health,
         Human Rights                                                Safety and Quality                Business Ethics
                                           Conditions                  Management


                                       Safe Operations              Supplier Procurement


                                Topics Covered by the Code of Conduct of Suppliers

        We always take honesty and trustworthiness as the criterion of business operation. In order to jointly build fair, just
        and transparent supply chain partnerships, the Group attaches great importance to integrity and compliance in
        the supply chain, and anti-corruption is included in the screening criteria from the supplier admission stage. After
        cooperating with suppliers, the Group conducts regular follow-up inspections of key suppliers according to the
        audit plan to ensure compliance in the procurement and use of materials, as well as in the performance of duties by
        supervisory personnel, and conducts random inspections of documents such as procurement files, contracts, and
        financial payments from time to time to ensure compliance and promote transparent cooperation.

        The Group has specified the reporting and complaint methods for non-compliant supplier behaviors in the Code of
        Conduct of Suppliers, and encourages all stakeholders to report suppliers’ violations or suspected violations of the
        Code of Conduct of Suppliers through these channels:

         Whistle-blowing channel                                 Contact information

         Fosun Pharma’s Centralized Procurement and              Telephone: +86 21 33987286
           Procurement Management Department                     Email: ep_procurement@fosunpharma.com

         Fosun Pharma’s Anti-Corruption Supervision Department   Telephone: +86 21 33987226
                                                                 Email: lianzhengdc@fosunpharma.com

         Reporting Portal                                        www.fosunpharma.com


        For suppliers who violate the Code of Conduct of Suppliers, the Group has set different punishment measures
        according to the degree of violation. Suppliers with serious violation will be permanently banned from cooperating
        with the Group. With the joint efforts of the Group and suppliers, during the Reporting Period, the Group dealt with
        a total of 35 violations by suppliers, representing a decrease of 14.63% compared with the previous year.




218 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
4. Win-win Partnership



   4.2.2 Supply Chain Stability

        The Group values the construction and investment of sustainable development of the supply chain and the
        safeguard of smooth and stable supply chain as the cornerstone of the orderly development of production and
        operation activities of enterprises. In order to continuously optimize and maintain the stability of the supply chain,
        the Group has extended the management of the supply chain from the early stage of procurement to all aspects of
        production, optimizing planning, stabilizing supply and ensuring the safety of material supply.


        Considering the fluctuations in supply chain stability caused by geopolitics, pandemic control and other factors
        in recent years, the Group has continued to promote the multi-sourcing and localization of core materials to
        support product stability, accessibility and sustainability. Through comprehensive market research and sourcing,
        Yao Pharma, a subsidiary, has promoted the localization and substitution of imported auxiliary materials such as
        imported starch and microcrystalline cellulose, which has resulted in a significant reduction in procurement costs
        and shortened the delivery cycle from 90 days to 30 days.


                                                        Supply Chain Stability Management

         • Ensure the stable supply          • For materials featuring a       • For exclusive supply          • Improve the accuracy of
            in every procedure in              high supply risk, reasonably      materials, increase the         future order forecasts.
            production cycle (including        establish inventory (to meet      frequency of on-site audits
            raw materials, auxiliary           the production needs of half      or build a backup base.
            materials and packaging            a year to one year) and carry
            materials). Ensure that there      out dynamic management.
            are two to three qualified
            suppliers in different regions
            for each material.



   4.2.3 Green Supply Chain

        The Group has been deeply engaged in its green supply chain project for many years, leading the Company and
        its subsidiaries to improve their EHS standards and promote a healthier and more sustainable supply chain ecology
        in the industry as a whole. We attach equal importance to both “environmental awareness” and “economic
        development” in order to realize the sustainable development of the industry chain. The Group hopes to work
        closely with outstanding partners to build a responsible supply chain system through win-win cooperation in an
        innovative manner, so as to make the supply chain of the entire industry more sustainable and greener.


        During the Reporting Period, the Group carried out a total of 23 audits on green supply chain to major suppliers.
        Details are set out in the following table:




                                                                                              2023 ESG and Sustainability Report       219
4. Win-win Partnership



        Type                                                                                                                            Supplier audited in 2023



        API                                                                                                                                                   2
        Packaging materials                                                                                                                                   6
        Auxiliary materials                                                                                                                                  10
        Solid waste disposal                                                                                                                                  2
        Hazardous waste disposal                                                                                                                              3


        Total                                                                                                                                                23


        The audits were conducted on the basis of a star rating, with one star being the lowest and five stars being the
        highest. The results of the audits showed that all of the Group’s major suppliers were rated with three stars or above,
        of which six were rated with three stars, eight were rated with four stars and nine were rated with five stars.


                                   Green procurement       Quality·Cost ·Delivery ·Service           +           Environment



                                    Supplier                                                                           Implementation
                                                   The Basic Standards for Green Supplier Management
                                                                  (Trial Implementation)
                                                                                                                         to suppliers
                                                                                           Environmental
                                                                                           load reduction
                                                       EHS compliance

                                    Raw            Environmental investment         Energy conservation and emission
                                   materials             and operation             reduction promotionload reduction

                                                       Green collaboration
                                                         of supply chain                 Resource recycling
                                                                                                                         �� audits
                                    Auxiliary
                                                          Disclosure of                    Environmentally
                                    materials      environmental information           friendly life promotion           *During the
                                                                                                                          Reporting
                                                                                                                          Period
                                   Packaging                    Proposal of Green Supply Chain
                                   materials



                                                   The green supply chain project of “Green Fosun”




        In order to better promote the continuous improvement in ESG in the upstream and downstream supply chain
        operations, the Group started to explore the audits of Tier 2- sub suppliers in 2023. In November 2023, the
        Centralized Procurement and Procurement Management Department of the Company and the EHS Management
        Department, the Branding and Public Relation Department and the related subsidiaries completed the ESG-related
        audits of its supplier of borosilicate controlled injection bottles and its corresponding sub-supplier.




                                                         On-site audit of sub-supplier

        At the same time, the Group has gradually introduced ESG scoring items for supplier selection from relevant types
        to examine a supplier’s own sustainability in terms of ESG and their compatibility with the Group’s ESG objectives.
        During the Reporting Period, in the selection of suppliers for pharmaceutical outsourcing materials, the Group
        assessed a supplier in terms of quality, environment, occupational health and safety system, external ESG ratings/
        certifications, and the supplier’s ESG systems and initiatives, with the ESG assessment component accounting for 8%
        of the technical score.




220 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
4. Win-win Partnership



4.3 Membership in Associations

   List of major national-level associations or social institutions in which the Group participated

   Name of association                                     Position held            Participants from the Group


   China Association for Public Companies                  Vice chairman            Fosun Pharma
   China Pharmaceutical Industry Association               Vice chairman, member,   Fosun Pharma, Guilin Pharma,
                                                             member                 Suzhou Erye
   China Pharmaceutical Enterprises Association            Vice chairman            Fosun Pharma
   China Medical Pharmaceutical Material Association       Chairman                 Fosun Pharma
   China Pharmaceutical Innovation and Research            Vice chairman            Fosun Pharma
     Development Association
   China Non-prescription Medicines Association            Vice chairman            Fosun Pharma
   China Society for Drug Regulation                       Vice chairman            Fosun Pharma
   China Research Association of Pharmaceutical Labour’s Standing vice chairman     Fosun Pharma
     Ideological and Political Work
   China Association for Vaccines                          Member                   Fosun Aleph
   China National Narcotic Drugs Association               Director                 Guilin Pharma
   China Biochemical Pharmaceutical Industry Association Member                     Suzhou Erye
   Medical Laboratory Industry Branch of                   Vice chairman            Fosun Diagnosis
     National Association of Health Industry and
     Enterprise Management
   In-Vitro Diagnostics System Professional Committee of   Chairman                 Fosun Diagnosis
     China Association for Medical Devices Industry
   Medical Laboratory Branch of CAME                       Vice chairman            Fosun Diagnosis
   China Association for Medical Devices Industry          Member                   Fosun Beiling
   Emergency Treatment Equipment Branch of CAME            Member                   Fosun Beiling
   Healthcare Logistics Association of CFLP                Director                 Fosun Beiling
   Standardization Technical Committee of China            Director                 Fosun Beiling
     Automotive Maintenance and Repair Trade
     Association
   Vehicles and Medical Equipment Branch of CAME           Member                   Fosun Beiling
   Standardization Committee of China Association for      Member                   Fosun Beiling
     Disaster & Emergency Rescue Medicine
   Chinese Non-government Medical                          Director,                Fosun Pharma,
     Institutions Association                                member,                Shenzhen Hengsheng Hospital,
                                                             member                 Wenzhou Geriatric Hospital
   Art Committee of China Medical Humanities and           Director                 Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital
     Art Troupe
   China Adult Education Association                       Member                   Shenzhen Hengsheng Hospital
   Hip Preservation Professional Committee of              Member                   Suqian Zhongwu Hospital
     Chinese Research Hospital Association




                                                                               2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   221
5. Talent Development

In this era of information explosion, high quality, creative talents are most needed to overcome various complex challenges
in different industries. Hence, the Group proactively studies and understands the needs of talents, and formulates talent
management strategies, so as to gain competitive edges, maintain creativity and sustainable development for the Group under
the current market condition.




5.1 Diversity and Equal Opportunity

     It is the immutable value of the Group “to attract talent through business development, gather talent through career path,
     cultivate talent through work tasks, to appraise talent through work performance”, which is also the key momentum
     to secure the long-term operation and sustainable development of enterprises. The Group fully respect the rights of its
     employees, provides reasonable, legitimate rights for employees, and offers employee growth platform and good work
     environment and atmosphere, thus realizing win-win future with employees.

     5.1.1 Recruitment Management
           In accordance with relevant national laws and regulations such as the Labor Law of the People’s Republic of China
           and the Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Group proactively formulates a series of systems based
           on relevant requirements in respect of human rights protection under the United Nations Global Compact and the
           International Labour Organization Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, so as to ensure open,
           fair and equal recruitment campaign in a scientific and standard manner. The Group adheres to legal employment,
           and requires all employees to provide their identity information upon joining the Group, and does not employ
           those who do not meet the legal working age or other employment requirements. During the Reporting Period, all
           employees met the minimum age of employment as stipulated in relevant laws of the countries/regions where the
           operations were located. We have also established a mechanism to monitor our human rights policies and legally
           signed and implemented labor contracts to ensure the effective implementation of our human rights policies. Once
           any violation of human rights policies and employment regulations is identified, the Group will take timely corrective
           and punitive measures, and terminate the labor contracts of those who do not meet the employment requirements.

           The Group attaches great importance to employee diversity, and focuses on the introduction and cultivation of
           local talents for subsidiaries of the Company, aiming to create diversified, inclusive and fair work environment. By
           adhering to the principles of compliance, equal and inclusive, equal wages at the same positions, the Group has
           formulated the Employee Diversity Policy, which ensures that the employment, remuneration and promotion of
           employees are not affected by race, color, gender, religion, nationality, disability, marital status, veteran status,
           sexual orientation, gender identity or other status protected by law. Moreover, the Group encourages culture
           exchange and collision through internal exchange and mobilization. For newly acquired subsidiaries, the Group
           focuses on retaining local talents, proactively formulates talent retention plan and implements the same according
           to laws. The ESG Committee of the Company regularly monitors data of employee diversity and reports to the
           Board. The Board shall review relevant contents at least once a year.

           The Group conducts diversify training for all employees at least once a year. During the Reporting Period, we had
           conducted diversity special trainings to help employees understand the corporate diversify principle, thus promoting
           the building of diversified culture.




222 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
5. Talent Development




        Case: Special Training on “What is Diversity, Inclusive and Sense of Belonging (DIB)”

        In September 2023, the Group initiated the special training under the theme of “What is DIB (Diversity, Inclusive
        and Sense of Belonging)?” for all employees (including part-time staff, interns and contractors). Training was
        conducted offline and online. While offering personalized learning opportunities for employees, the training
        also helped employees to explore and develop their potential, and enhance work efficiency and quality so
        that employees can adapt to the ever-changing work environment and challenges. In addition, it can help
        employees to better understand and respect different cultural backgrounds, and the value, philosophy and
        code of conduct under these backgrounds, thus building a more open, inclusive and efficient organization to
        attract and retain talents from different backgrounds.




                                                      DIB Special Training


      Staff Structure


      As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had a total of 40,370 employees, representing an increase of 5.13%
      as compared to 2022. The percentage of female employees to total employees was 49.53%, and 39.7% of middle-
      level management was female employees. There were 7,666 overseas employees, 156 disabled employees and 1,220
      minority employees. Specific details are as follow:


                                                                                               Gender

      Year                                                  Total employees                  Male                    Female



      2023                                                           40,370                20,375                    19,995
      2022                                                           38,399                19,785                    18,614
      2021                                                           36,279                18,858                    17,421




                                                                                2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   223
5. Talent Development



                                                                                   Total             Female             Disabled            Minority
         Year                       Item                                    employees            employees           employees           employees



         2023                       Number                                        40,370              19,995                  156               1,220
                                    Proportion                                 100.00%               49.53%                0.39%               3.02%
         2022                       Number                                        38,399              18,614                   89               1,115
                                    Proportion                                 100.00%               48.48%                0.23%               2.90%
         2021                       Number                                        36,279              17,421                   83               1,117
                                    Proportion                                 100.00%               48.02%                0.23%               3.08%



         During the Reporting Period, the employee turnover rate1 of the Group was 13.02%, representing a decrease of 2.93
         percentage points as compared to last year.


    5.1.2 Staff Caring

         Apart from taking into consideration of the impacts of external factors on employees, the Group also strives to
         create a warm, harmony, equal and caring work environment. By continuously improving staff welfare and caring
         system and launching diversified staff activities, the Group strengthens the cohesion of employees and enhances
         their sense of belonging. We care about staff benefits and continuously to improve various welfare and benefits
         for all employees. In compliance with requirements under laws and regulations of countries or regions where
         the enterprise is located, the Group provides various welfare for employees, including social insurance, housing
         provident fund (not classify as local legal welfare in certain countries or regions, same applies below), statutory
         public holidays and paid leaves, and offers additional specific internal welfare on this basis such as travel subsidy and
         additional insurance etc., so as to protect the all-rounded mental and physical health of employees.


          Statutory welfare                                                        Specific internal welfare

          Holiday:                                                                 Supplemental insurance:
          • Welfare for statutory public holiday                                   • Personal accident insurance, critical illness insurance,
          • Statutory holiday such as paid leave, marriage leave,                    traffic accident insurance and supplemental medical
            pregnancy leave, maternity leave, breastfeeding leave,                   insurance etc.
            paternity leave and personal leave etc.
                                                                                   Subsidy:
          Insurance:                                                               • Travel subsidy, communication subsidy, lunch subsidy
          • Social insurance including basic pension insurance,                      and cooling gifts for high-temperature condition
             medical insurance, unemployment insurance, work injury
             insurance, maternity insurance and housing provident                  Child-care related welfare:
             fund                                                                  • Nursery room


          Other statutory welfare                                                  Other welfare:
                                                                                   • Supplemental provident fund, only-child allowance and
                                                                                     condolence gift
                                                                                   • Body check, health consultation, team building, retired
                                                                                     employee caring, assistance to employees in difficult
                                                                                     times etc.


         Note 1: The employee turnover rate = Total number of employees leaving the company*2/ (total number of employees at the beginning + end of the
                period)




224 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
5. Talent Development



   5.1.3 Staff Communication

       The Group always respects the appeal and hearing rights of employees and offers an unimpeded channel for them to
       complain and express their opinions. The Group also takes measures to keep confidentiality and safeguard employees
       from retaliation. The Group revised the “Reward and Punishment and Appeal Management System” in 2019, and
       set up a disciplinary committee and a secretariat of the Disciplinary Committee to improve the appeal mechanism and
       appeal process involving disciplinary incidents. We provide necessary convenience for employee appeals and protect
       the complainant’s reasonable claims and legitimate rights and interests, and keep relevant information and content of
       the complainant confidential. In addition, we also expressly stipulate in our employee handbook that direct managers
       of each department, staff of human resources department and senior management shall assist grass-root employees
       of the Group in providing employee satisfactory survey, labor protection, career planning and work compliant where
       necessary, so as to ensure enquiries from employees are handled efficiently.




                                                     •   Email, enterprise automatic office system and DingTalk etc.

                          Communication
                            Channels

                                            •   Handle any unsolved enquires or obstacles encountered by employee at work, or issues in
                                                which employee believes that personal interests have been arbitrarily violated, or different
                                                recommendations on operational management measures of the enterprise, or any act discovered
          Scope of                              in violation of corporate rules

          Handling

                                                     •   Direct manager, department head or human resources department
                                                     •   In case issue cannot be resolved or employee believes that it is inexpedient to
                                                         make compliant through normal procedures, employee can make compliant
                             Handling                    to senior management
                             Personnel

                                          Compliant handling procedures


       Labor Union Communication


       We treat the labor union as the communication hub between the management and grass-root employees. All
       employees of the Group are entitled to join and organize labor union in accordance with laws, and have the rights
       on negotiation of collective bargaining agreement.




                                                                                            2023 ESG and Sustainability Report             225
5. Talent Development



          Employee Satisfaction


          Employee satisfaction is the top priority of the Group. We strive to create a work environment which is full
          of happiness for our employees. In order to clarify the direction of organizational construction, we require all
          subsidiaries to conduct satisfaction survey every year.


          Employee satisfaction and engagement survey is targeted on all employees of the Group. The engagement
          survey covers six aspects, including organization environment, management method, job duty, remuneration and
          performance, career development and engagement performance, so as to fully understand the core competitiveness
          and future key areas of improvement under the organizational management of the Group. Upon timely discussion
          within the human resources department, in combination of the feedbacks from employees, we optimize key
          directions in a timely manner, and formulate staff management plan and satisfaction enhancement plan for the
          coming year, thus creating a better work environment for employees.


5.2 Development of Human Capital

    Centering on the talent management strategy of “pursuing a high degree of harmony and unity between personal success
    and corporate development”, the Group initiates talent cultivation program. We always believe that diversified talent
    training resources are essential for staff development, as well as the core competitiveness of the enterprise. Hence, the
    Group formulates flexible welfare policy and continues to improve talent incentive system. Taking top talent cultivation
    and team building as our missions, we continuously attract and retain top talents with excellent performance and high
    potential.


    5.2.1 Diversified Recruitment

          The Group forecasts the recruitment needs of different departments every year. It proactively explores talent market
          and attracts talents by conducting various unique recruitment programs. During the Reporting Period, the Group
          launched different programs such as Star YAO program and Honghu Program, which further reflected our demand
          for new diversified talents and encouragement for the introduction of more outstanding talents.


                 Star YAO Program

                 • Covering graduate traineeship program in functional departments of the Company. The project
                   targets all outstanding fresh graduates (including bachelor, master, doctor), provides cross-
                   enterprise and cross-functional job rotation training plan and fast promotion channels within 3
                   years, thus offering key dynamics for the cultivation of middle-level management and outstanding
                   business personnel for the group.


                 Honghu Program

                 • Targeting top fresh doctoral graduates majoring in biomedicine. The trainees will be taught and
                   trained by the outstanding investment team of the Group, thus further strengthen the talent pool of
                   the Group in terms of high technologies.




226 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
5. Talent Development



   5.2.2 Talent Training

        The Group has established relatively comprehensive talent training system. Taking “New Employee Series”,
        “Leadership Development Series”, “Professional Development Series” and “Common Skill Series” as breakthrough,
        the Group continues to offer capability building and skill training platform for all employees, which is in line with the
        corporate culture and development strategy of the Group.


                                                                    • Chairman and CEO Class
                                                                    • Partner Training

          Senior
        management                 New Employee Series                   Leadership Development Series            Professional Management Series

                          • “Star YAO” and “Honghu”                    • High-Potential Leadership               • R&D knowledge Date Base
         Department         Management Trainee Programs                  “Guang YAO” Program                     • GMP Class
           heads          • New Employee Induction                     • R&D Manager Special Training Camp       • FES & FOPEX On-line Class
                          • New Senior Management                      • Star Youth Training Program
                            Integration Program                        • TTT Internal Lecturer Training          • EHS Training Course
          Business
          experts         • Fosun Family Training Camp                   Program
                                                                       • Master and high-potential rotation
                          • Culture Inclusion of Subsidiaries            mentoring
         Operational
          personnel                                                             Common Skill Series

                          • Classes for Communication                  • Classes for General knowledge           • Classes for Management
            New
          employee                                                                Cultural values




         New Employee Training           •   We provide sound introduction training, executive luncheon and panel roundtable seminar for each new
                                             employee of the Company, and continuously monitor and offer assistance to new employees within 3
                                             months upon his/her introduction, helping newcomers integrate into our big family.
                                         •   We provide the special training and development program, namely “Star YAO” Program, for new
                                             management trainees, and help them to grow rapidly through trainings, rotation, mentoring and other
                                             means.

         Professional Management         •   We target on professional fields, such as manufacturing operation, lean management, innovative
           Training                          R&D, environment health and safety management, to organize training programs that are suitable for
                                             professional development of key personnel.

         Middle-Level and Senior         •   For experienced and senior management and key personnel, we offer targeted management and leadership
           Management Training               enhancement programs, and accelerate leadership building so as to expand outstanding management
                                             talent pool.
                                         •   We organize leadership enhancement projects for management of subsidiaries. In addition, we enhance
                                             knowledge and skill learning and promote corporate culture through internal mentor trainings, so as to
                                             create a learning atmosphere.
                                         •   In 2023, we continued to conduct the “R&D Manager Special Training Camp” and the new “Middle-Level
                                             and Senior Management Training Program”, which became one of the important ways for the Group to
                                             train its leaders in key business lines.

         Common Skill Series             •   We organize “Lunch Sharing Session” for all employees, and invite senior management of the Company,
                                             specialists from subsidiaries and associated companies and external experts to share interesting hot topics.
                                         •   We continue to promote a variety of common skill training series such as the FoTED internal lecturer
                                             program, the internal trainer program and the cultural trainer program, thus providing professional, refined
                                             and comprehensive training programs, and helping employees to apply their knowledge, improve personal
                                             soft skills, broaden their horizons and increase their knowledge.




                                                                                                         2023 ESG and Sustainability Report          227
5. Talent Development



        The Group continues to optimize new employee introduction training programs. To better help new employees to
        integrate into the corporate and team and rapidly create values, we initiate the following trainings:


         Online training           • Leveraging on the talent development center platform of Fosun Pharma, new
                                      employees can swiftly commence learning at any time upon introduction, so as to
                                      understand general condition of the corporate and the systems and procedures of
                                      different departments

         On-site training          • New employees have to attend new employee training within 3 months upon
                                      introduction, which covers key topics including corporate introduction, corporate
                                      culture, system and policy, corporate strategy and integrity operation

         Department induction      • Each department organizes induction trainings based on the business needs of the
           training                   department




          Case: New Employee Training (Fosun Pharma Headquarter)

          During the Reporting Period, the headquarter of the Group conducted offline centralized new employee
          training on quarterly basis. The training covers on-site employee integration, group culture presentation, group
          strategy presentation, financial rule presentation, human resources system presentation and anti-corruption
          seminar. Through this training, the newly joined employees of the Group can understand the culture and
          strategies of the Group, and define the work direction. They can also learn about rules in relation to financial
          matters and human resources, and get familiar to work procedures. By attending anti-corruption seminar, new
          employees should strictly follow the compliance baseline.




228 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
5. Talent Development




       Case 1: “Guang YAO” Program for high-potential Leadership development training (Fosun Pharma Headquarter)

       High potential talent reserve is the “strategic asset” of the enterprise, as well as the key for realization of
       the globalization strategy. This talent reserve has the potential for growth, but shall be empowered through
       leadership development programs to accelerate growth pace and take key responsibility within the organization
       as soon as possible.

       The “Guang YAO” Program for high-potential leadership of Fosun Pharma targets on enhancing core
       leadership of middle-level management, thereby creating talent pool for future senior management. A total of
       over 40 trainees participated in the program, covering middle-level leaders of Fosun Pharma headquarter and
       its subsidiaries. The plan focuses on four aspects of leadership: enhancing commercial sensitivity by learning
       and understanding situation, operation and mindset and habit of customers; establishing exchange platform
       and assisting participants to open-up themselves and stick to altruism, thus maximizing benefits; building
       interpersonal influence to create a winning team; exploring blind spots, deepening self-consciousness, and
       increasing the awareness of self-reflection and learning. In addition, the plan also arranges learning from
       professional aspects, such as medical industry knowledge, medical industry trend interpretation, digitalization
       capability and commercial operation capability.

       The “Guang YAO” Program was initiated on 22 September 2023. As of January 2024, the program has
       arranged horizontal management class, project management class, problem solving class, action learning
       guide, personal learning goal analysis and others.
                 Training Framework of Guang YAO Program

                         Strengthening the training pace for middle-level power of Fosun Pharma, strategic accelerating the
                                                                responsibility bearing pace of high potential team




                  Learning from
                                             •    External                                 •     Internal                    •     Online learning
                                                  Commercial Sensitivity, Operational      Global partner lecturer sharing
                                  class           Concept, Systematic Thinking, Best
                                                  Decision-Making, Management Golf,
                                                  Project Management


                                             •   Topic learning



                  Learning from
                                                 Topic source: Bottom-up – Trainees study topic through self-learning; Top-down – Major practice topics in

                                  practice
                                                 respect of Fosun Pharma for the year
                                                 Learning method: Self-organized operation and trace through monthly meeting
                                                 Inspection mode: Phasal reporting and select outstanding individual for best practice




                  Learning from
                                  exchange
                                                      Operational expert                Internal industry benchmark              External cross-industry
                                                     roundtable seminar                   medical enterprise visit                   enterprise visit




                                                                                                                     2023 ESG and Sustainability Report      229
5. Talent Development




          Case 2: Graduate Traineeship Programs – “Star YAO” & “Honghu” Programs (Fosun Pharma Headquarter)

          The management trainee programs are hosted by the human resources department, which, together with
          different business lines under the headquarters, jointly create an excellent career path for new employees with
          high potential. New management trainees cam improve their expertise and leadership through this platform,
          and obtain knowledge in different aspects through sharing and learning sessions, making them becoming high-
          potential management talents of Fosun Pharma. At present, “Star YAO” Program covers management trainees
          under functional departments of Fosun Pharma Headquarter, while “Honghu” Program covers management
          trainees in investment business line. In particular, following 1.5-year of training covering empowerment, duty
          report, job rotation, overseas assignment and other aspects, the 2022 management trainees will commence
          work in their respective positions in mid 2024.




230 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
5. Talent Development




        Case: R&D Manager Special Training Camp

        Over the years, the competition in pharmaceutical industry has been intensifying. There is higher demand
        for further improvement in R&D speed and quality. The scale of Fosun Pharma Global R&D Center has been
        expanding, and the requirements on the expertise of R&D personnel become higher. Under this backdrop,
        Fosun Phrama Talent Development Center and Global R&D Center jointly organized the R&D Manager Special
        Training Camp, aiming to train versatile talents with excellent skills in both speciality + management under the
        R&D sector of the Group, thus building a solid talent pool for progression of R&D projects.

        The special training camp ended in February 2023. Trainees made group presentation on themes selected on
        their own, and senior management of the Company and Global R&D Center commented on their presentation,
        heating up discussions. Through this training, trainees can enhance their expertise, improve their management
        capability, learn about whole R&D process on-site, break barriers within the team, and build up awareness on
        the whole R&D process.




      The development and enhancement of professional skills of all employees are vital drivers for the long-term
      development of the Group. Hence, we have arranged educational enhancement and vocational qualification
      certification programs for all employees, thereby encourage employees to improve their professional skills with
      practical actions, thus growing along with the Company.

      We have commenced a series of educational enhancement and vocational improvement projects, including:




                                                      •       On-the-job postgraduate student training program –
                                                              “Pharmacy” Seminar




                                            •     Professional skill program for functional personnel




                                                          •      Short-tem skill enhancement program for factory
                                                                 worker




                                                                               2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   231
5. Talent Development



         The Group’s training during the Reporting Period is as follows:

           Indicators                                                                                                                            2023

           Total training expenses                                                                                                  RMB7.56 million
           Average training hours per person                                                                                               45.0 hours
                                                 1
           Percentage of employees trained                                                                                                       74%


           By gender
           Percentage of male employees trained                                                                                                  76%
           Percentage of female employees trained                                                                                                72%
           Average training hours per male employee                                                                                        45.6 hours
           Average training hours per female employee                                                                                      44.2 hours


           By employment level
           Percentage of senior management trained                                                                                               79%
           Percentage of employees trained except senior management                                                                              73%
           Average training hours per senior management                                                                                    35.2 hours
           Average training hours per employee except senior management                                                                    45.1 hours


    5.2.3 Talent Incentive
         With the consistent implementation of the talent management concept of “assessment by performance”, the
         Group is committed to improving the multi-dimensional performance appraisal mechanism for employees and
         providing comprehensive incentive measures to ensure the long-term steady development of the Company.

         Performance and remuneration

         In accordance relevant laws and regulations, the Group implements individual performance management and
         assessment system for all operational employees (including non-officer employees and non-sales employees) to
         ensure that each employee enjoys same remuneration in same position and has a fair and just opportunity for
         promotion. We have set up a remuneration structure comprised of fixed salary and variable income. The overall
         performance management system focuses on system building, implementation and performance results, thereby
         fully analyze the qualification, capability and performance of employees.

         Under the performance management system, through various performance appraisal methods such as employee
         performance appraisal and 360-degree competence evaluation mechanism, employee appraisal and evaluation
         are conducted in multiple aspects, including but not limited to employees’ learning ability, leadership, execution,
         experience and analysis ability. We conduct management by department, set specific evaluation cycle goals, and
         implement specific development plan and improvement proposal for different departments. This not only helps
         employees to better understand their own abilities, but also enables the Group to formulate future performance
         plan in a better way. Moreover, in addition to taking KPI as major performance appraisal indicator, we also continue
         to promote OKR (objective key result), aiming to link team and individual goals and activities to assist the Group in
         achieving strategic goals.

         We provide incentive remuneration that linked with individual work performance for all employees (including
         non-officer and non-sales employees), so as to encourage employees to improve their competence and work
         performance, thereby helping the Group improve its efficiency targeting all employees targeting all employees.

         Note 1: Excluding EHS training, R&D training, relevant trainings in ESG cultural month (such as commercial ethics training, responsible marketing
                training, product quality and safety training, employee diversify training targeting all employees.)




232 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
5. Talent Development



       Performance feedback mechanism


       Apart from focusing on performance appraisal mechanisms, the Group also provides timely, comprehensive
       feedback to employees. During the evaluation, leaders and managers provide guidance, counseling and
       encouragement to employees. Moreover, the management carries out continuous tutoring and communication
       through monthly/quarterly review, official and unofficial talks, so as to provide employees genuine, direct opinions
       and recommendations.


       Equity incentive


       We have established a set of diversified, multi-dimensional incentive mechanism to share our development results
       with employees, thus enabling employees to enjoy the sense of career achievement, making them willing to
       contribute their power for the development of the Group in long run.


       Based on the characteristics of the Group’s business development, we have established a framework of the long-
       term incentive system of Fosun Pharma Group, including a multi-layered incentive structure comprising the Long-
       term Incentive Plan for Operational Team of Subsidiaries/Hospitals, Restricted Stock Incentive Plan, Employee Stock
       Ownership Plan (ESOP), R&D System Project Incentive Plan, Incentive Plan for Strategic Holding/Investment Items
       and BD Incentive Plan etc. Through continuous improvement of the Group’s long-term incentive systems, it has
       realized the strategic support and originality for business development. In particular, while improving R&D quality
       and efficiency, the R&D incentive plan also fully encourages and stimulates the enthusiasm of employees.


       After long-term management and practices on equity incentive, the remuneration and incentive system of the
       Group has fully covered the Company and each subsidiary, effectively supporting investment and operation
       strategies, and promoting the achievement of long-term performance goals of the Group.


5.3 Occupational Health and Safety

   Major action and strategy

   •   To conduct risk assessment, establish SOP and emergency response system, and formulate and implement staff
       training
   •   To conduct potential hazard investigation and management, promote good practice and create safety culture


   Five-year EHS strategic goals for 2021–2025

   •   Occupational death and major injury incident: Zero occupational death and zero major injury incident
   •   Lost time injury rate: Maintain an annual lost time injury rate for per million work hours in 2021–2025 at 0.3 and
       below
   •   Recordable incident rate: Recordable incident rate in 2025 decrease by 10% as compared to 2020, i.e. 0.447




                                                                                2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   233
5. Talent Development



        Completion of performance goals

                                                                                                        2023    Fulfillment of goals
                                                                                                                under 5-year strategic
          Performance indicators                                                         (Target VS Actual)     goals in 2023

          Occupational death and major injury incident                                            0 VS 0        Fulfilled
          Lost time injury rate                                                               0.268 VS 0.104    Fulfilled
          Recordable incident rate                                                            0.465 VS 0.193    Fulfilled


        In accordance with laws and regulations such as Work Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China, Fire Control
        Law of the People’s Republic of China and Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of
        Occupational Diseases, as well as the requirements under ISO45001 management system, the Group formulates
        management requirements on the occupational health and safety works of its subsidiaries, and supervises
        implementation thereof. The EHS management always adheres to the management philosophy of PDCA, thus
        achieving continuous improvement in occupational health and safety management.


        The Group continues to conduct the certification work of ISO45001 occupational health and safety management
        system, and subject to annual tracking and review. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group has a total of
        25 companies passing ISO45001 occupational health and safety management system and/or safety standardization
        review certification. In addition, the EHS department of the Company conducts annual internal audit to carry out in-
        depth inspection on safety and occupational health, thereby identifying problems and making rectification. Over the
        past three years (including the Reporting Period), there was no occupational death within the Group, and the lost
        time injury rate and recordable incident rate met the safety goals for the year.


        Overview of Certifications on Health and Safety Systems and Standard Certification of Major Subsidiaries


          Enterprise name Type of certification                          Enterprise name        Type of certification

          Yao Pharma          ISO45001                                   Wanbang Jinqiao        ISO45001
          Carelife Pharma     ISO45001, Class II Safety Standardization Zhaohui Pharma          ISO45001, Class II Safety Standardization
          Dongting Pharma ISO45001, Class III Safety Standardization Wanbang Folon              ISO45001, Class II Safety Standardization
          Fresenius Kabi      ISO45001                                   Wanbang Tiansheng Class III Safety Standardization
          (Wuhan)
          GSK (Suzhou)        Class III Safety Standardization           Avanc Pharma            ISO45001, Class III Safety Standardization
          Hexin Pharma        Class III Safety Standardization           Fosun Aleph             Class III Safety Standardization
          Jiluohua Pharma     Class III Safety Standardization           Shine Star              ISO45001
          Guilin Pharma       ISO45001                                   Dengrui Fertilizer      ISO45001, Class II Safety Standardization
          Suzhou Erye         ISO45001, Class II Safety Standardization Shanghai Henlius         Class III Safety Standardization
          Shandong Erye       ISO45001, Class III Safety Standardization Gland Pharma            ISO45001
          Red Flag Pharma     ISO45001, Class III Safety Standardization Fosun Diagnostics       Class II Safety Standardization
          Chemo Biopharma ISO45001                                       Fosun Beiling           ISO45001
          Wanbang Pharma ISO45001, Class II Safety Standardization

          Total                           ISO45001 certification: 18 enterprises; safety standardization review: 17 enterprises




234 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
5. Talent Development



   5.3.1 Safety Management

       Risk Control


       Adhering to the policy of “safety first, prevention dominated, comprehensive governance”, the Group strengthens
       and implements the primary responsibility of safety production of enterprises, and establishes corporate
       accountability and employee engagement mechanism. The Group requires its subsidiaries to abide by state and local
       laws and regulations, rules and regulatory standards in respect of safety production, enhance safety production
       management, establishes rules and regulations of safety production and promote standardization of safety
       production. By conducting risk assessment, the Group establishes SPO and emergency response system, and plans
       and arranges staff trainings. While initiating potential hazard inspection and rectification, the Group promotes good
       practices, builds safety culture and enhances safety production level. In terms of contractor management, the Group
       takes strict risk management measures in the whole business process of contractors from the aspects of contractor
       selection, contract notification, admission requirements, training, process supervision and performance appraisal.

       Adhering to the concepts of “one position with two responsibilities, and production management must include
       EHS management” and “employees are both EHS contributors and EHS beneficiaries”, every manager and frontline
       employee of the Group actively participate in all aspects of risk control. Each subsidiary fully identifies and evaluates
       the general and major risks in personnel, equipment, procedures, environment and management through hazard
       identification and evaluation control procedures and special self-inspection checklists, and adopts corresponding
       measures according to different risk levels.


         Case: EHS Management Month Activity — Safety Training Camp

         The safety training camp lasted for four days, covering two themes of “general safety” and “procedure safety”.
         Safety management staff from over 20 subsidiaries participated in this training. In general safety training,
         centering on elements of “contractor management, fire operation, limited space operation and chemical
         management”, the trainees conducted system management and analysis based on external accident cases. In
         respect of procedure safety session, external lecturers were invited to conduct professional training and special
         exercise on modules of “dangerous fire and explosion zone, identification of potential explosion spots and
         safety lifecycle management”.




                                                       Safety training camp




                                                                                    2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   235
5. Talent Development




          Case: Emergency exercises

          During the EHS management month in 2023, subsidiaries conducted a total of 83 emergency exercises, covering
          3,748 participants. Several subsidiaries actively explored and conducted drills with government firefighting
          teams and companies nearby. For example, Zhuhai Chancheng Hospital Co., Ltd. undertook the emergency
          exercises of Zhuhai Healthcare System as observer and organizer in mid June, and carried out joint fire drill on
          patient evacuation and hospital transfer with public hospitals. Shandong Erye together with the firefighting team
          of its work park conducted joint fire drill, which enhanced the familiarity of the firefighting team on enterprise
          firefighting facilities and safety evacuation path, as well as the emergency handling capability of employees under
          emergent situation.




                                                       Emergency exercises



        Accident Control

        During the Reporting Period, the Group conducted major inspection on hidden dangers. It always emphasizes that
        accidents and potential problems should be nipped in the bud at the early stage. The Group has organized the study
        of typical external accident cases to achieve the accident warning effect of preventing accidents before happen.
        On the basis of in-depth study of the causes of external accidents, subsidiaries are required to conduct timely self-
        examination and self-inspection of hidden internal dangers, so as to achieve comprehensive investigation and
        removal of similar hidden dangers.

        The Group shall take effective controlling measures in time after the accident to prevent the accident expansion
        and reduce losses. Upon the end of the accident, the Group shall analyze the direct, indirect and root causes of
        the accident in multiple aspects and dimensions including “human, machine, material, law, environment and
        management”, formulate and implement corrective and preventive measures, and share the accident cases as
        valuable experience among subsidiaries, in order to prevent the recurrence of similar accidents.

        During the Reporting Period, the Group had no major safety incidents or major fire incidents occurred and the overall
        security situation remained stable. There were seven lost time injuries throughout the year. The Group’s annual
        lost time injury (LTI) rate (excluding lost time of outsourced workers) was 0.104, of which the major injury case rate
        is 0 and the minor injury case rate is 0.104. During the Reporting Period, there were 13 recordable incidents, with
        the recordable incident (RI) rate was 0.193. Based on the domestic accident injury classification, there were 13
        recordable incidents, 3 of which were caused by machine injury and burning, 2 of which were caused by collision, 1
        of which was caused by falling over, and 4 of which were caused by other injuries. Among all recordable incidents,
        there were 3 female employees. During the Reporting Period, there were no safety incidents and secondary disasters
        arising from natural disasters, nor fatality and major injury or more serious incidents of contractors.




236 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
5. Talent Development



      Key safety performance


                                                             Major injury rate            Minor injury rate                    LTI rate                 RI rate
                                                                     per million                 per million                per million             per million
           Year                                                working hours                working hours            working hours            working hours

           2016                                                             0.220                        0.360                   0.580                   1.050
           2017                                                             0.030                        0.385                   0.415                   0.915
           2018                                                             0.038                        0.188                   0.226                   0.433
           2019                                                                     0                    0.343                   0.343                   0.395
           2020                                                             0.033                        0.280                   0.313                   0.494
           2021                                                                     0                    0.170                   0.170                   0.355
           2022                                                                     0                    0.101                   0.101                   0.202
           2023                                                                     0                    0.104                   0.104                   0.193



      Notes:


      1.       The GB6441-86 Classification for Casualty Accidents of Enterprise Staff and Workers and OSHA international standard are applied to the
               classification of incidents. The data disclosed in this report includes OSHA lost time injury and recordable incident (namely the incident that
               requires a prescription from a hospital or more serious incident).


      2.       Incident rate = Number of incidents/Total working hours * 1,000,000 hours.


      Safety by segments


                                                                                          Including                                                  Number of
                                                                                                                                                    contractor’s
                                               Total                                Major         Minor                                             major injury
                                           working Number                               injury    injury Number of Number                            and fatality
           Business segment                   hours       of LTI    LTI rate case rate case rate                 Lost day       of RI     RI rate       incident
                                             (hours)

           Pharmaceutical               48,072,505             6      0.125                 0         0.125          199          12       0.250               0
             manufacturing

           Medical devices and           2,679,982             1      0.373                 0         0.373           98           1       0.373               0
             medical diagnosis

           Healthcare services          16,461,476             0           0                0            0             0           0           0               0

           Total                        67,213,962             7      0.104                 0         0.104          297          13       0.193               0




                                                                                                              2023 ESG and Sustainability Report           237
5. Talent Development




          Case: Inspection and rectification on major hidden dangers

          In early 2023, various inspection and rectification activities on major hidden dangers were conducted at state
          level. Based on the different industry sectors and the respective different key areas of focus of safety control
          of each subsidiary, the Company imposed different targeted requirements on hidden danger inspection for
          subsidiaries, and conducted law study and self-inspection on hazardous chemical company, trading company,
          firefighting and special equipment. Based on actual situation, subsidiaries conducted risk assessment and
          inspection on hidden dangers according to each item under the checklist of hidden danger inspection, and
          formulated and implemented effective prevention measures. Hidden danger inspection has always been an
          important task of EHS management of the Company and subsidiaries. This not only helps identify hidden
          danger of safety incident but also spots out the management leaks causing hidden dangers, thus achieving
          “double zero” in hidden danger and management leak. Each subsidiary will continue to focus and inspect on
          production procedures, aiming to achieve dynamic zero of hidden danger for major safety accident.




                                    Inspection and rectification on major hidden dangers




238 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
5. Talent Development



        EHS Employee Representatives


        During the Reporting Period, EHS Committee of the Group conducted phasal communication and EHS work review.
        The EHS work meeting of the Group was convened on quarterly basis, thereby fully advancing and monitoring the
        commencement and implementation of various EHS work. Meanwhile, subsidiaries successively established their
        EHS special committees and EHS elements groups as sub-committees. The employee representatives proposed to
        be 1-2 employee(s) from the non-front-line functional departments and 1-2% of employees from the front-line
        production departments, and regular meetings were held every quarter. During the Reporting Period, the number
        of sub-committee members reached 1,219, accounting for 4.24% of the total number of employees. 322 employee
        representatives supervised or participated in EHS work, accounting for approximately 1.12% of the total number of
        employees.

          EHS Committee of the Group


          1. Supervise the construction of EHS management team, cadre team and institution;
          2. Establish a reporting system for major accidents, arrange and direct the handling, investigation and
             analysis as well as rectification and prevention of major safety production accidents and environmental
             pollution incidents;
          3. Listen to annual EHS work report on regular basis and put forward specific work requirements;
          4. Set the Group’s annual or periodic EHS performance target indicators and review the progress regularly;
          5. Organize internal investigation to identify EHS hidden dangers, and give instructions on the rectification
             of major EHS hidden dangers;
          6. Proactively respond to the green manufacturing requirement and further advance the green
             manufacturing work;
          7. Clarify the EHS management responsibilities at all levels of the Group, and formulate and improve the
             EHS responsibility systems of the Group on all fronts;
          8. Express objection and exercise veto power over works that failure in protecting employees’ health and
             safety, social and environment.



          EHS Special Committee of the Enterprise


          1. Formulate EHS policies and specific control targets;
          2. Ensure the investment of necessary personnel, materials and financial resources for the operation of the
             EHS management system;
          3. Regularly hold internal working meetings to review the problems in the progress and development of
             EHS work;
          4. Coordinate the internal management resources in time to solve difficulties in the development of EHS
             work.




          Employee Representatives


          1. Participate in and supervise the implementation of EHS work;
          2. Supervise enterprises to effectively ensure the due rights of employees in terms of health and safety;
          3. Participate in accident investigation.




                                                                               2023 ESG and Sustainability Report     239
5. Talent Development



    5.3.2 Occupational Health Management

        Employee Health Protection


        Employee health protection is one of the important tasks of the Group. In compliance with national laws and
        regulations such as Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases, the
        Group establishes the responsibility management system for the occupational disease prevention of all employees.
        The Group follows the national requirements on occupational health risk warnings, individual protection, on-site
        supervision and sampling and employee body check in daily supervision, thus realizing the closed-loop management
        of occupational health. The Group strictly complies with the “three simultaneous” management requirements of
        occupational disease prevention facilities for construction projects, conducts risk evaluation for toxic and harmful
        positions, and regularly arranges occupational body check for employee who works in occupational hazards
        environment and keep their results confidential for employees in daily work and in contact with occupational
        hazards, continues to enhance occupational health protection facilities, and expands the coverage of occupational
        disease warning labels.


        The Group strives to strengthen the physical health of employees and increase the exercising awareness, and
        organizes internal sports classes, including but not limited to Tai Chi class, yoga class and dance class. It has set up
        near 10 clubs such as dancing, running group and basketball, offering opportunities and convenience for employees
        to train their body and improve physical health, thus securing the physical and mental health of employees.


        During the Reporting Period, the coverage of body check for employees exposed to occupational disease hazard
        factors was 100%. There were no newly increased confirmed or suspected occupational diseases throughout the
        year.


        Occupational health performance by segment


                                    Number of
                                    employees        Occupational
                                    exposed to       hazard factor    Completion rate
                                  occupational           exposure     of occupational
          Business segment             hazards         percentage          body check     Major occupational hazard factors

          Pharmaceutical                  4,233            21.49%               100%      Chemical, dust, noise, high temperature,
            manufacturing                                                                 ionizing radiation
          Medical devices and               165            13.04%               100%      Chemical, dust, noise, high temperature,
            medical diagnosis                                                             ionizing radiation, blood infection
          Healthcare services               425             5.43%               100%      Ionizing radiation

          Total                           4,823            16.76%               100%      —




240 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
5. Talent Development




        Case: Three-level dust-free feed processing of Red Flag Pharma

        In the construction of phase III solid preparation workshop of Red Flag Pharma, the triple purification measure of
        dust-free feeder + self-cleaning cover + room negative pressure purification is adopted in the feed processing.
        During feed processing, dust-free feeder maintains negative pressure within the receiving container, thus
        eliminating dust spilling. The self-cleaning cover can offer operator with local laminar flow purification, so as
        to ensure the cleanliness of the place where the operator is located and protect them from being affected by
        dust. At the same time, air purification system is installed in the room to ensure dust spilling from this area, thus
        protecting the occupational health and safety of employees.




                                 Three-level dust-free feed processing of Red Flag Pharma




        Case: Continuous flow nitrifying technology of Guilin Pharma facilitating intrinsic
        safety improvement of nitrifying technology

        Industrial level continuous flow reactor can carry out effective, controllable continuous chemical reaction inside
        centimeter-level micro-channels. Large-scale product preparation can be achieved through array integration of
        channels. The principle is to shorten the distance of diffusion and mixing during laminar flow operation with the
        use of micro-channels of reactor, thus maximizing the material and energy transmission efficiency. Comparing
        to traditional tank reactor, the use of continuous flow reactor can facilitate nitrifying reaction, minimizing the
        liquid size, and enhance heat exchange efficiency by more than 10 times, thus effectively lowering the explosion
        risk arising from heat accumulation in nitrifying process, thereby achieving intrinsic safety.



                                                                                                    Obtain product
                                                               Continuous
                                        Liquid preparation                                             through
                                                               flow reactor
                                                                                                     centrifugation

                                                                          TCU temperature control




                                                               SIS and DCS
                                                              control system



                                         Figure: Process of continuous flow nitrifying

      EHS Training

      During the Reporting Period, the Group organized and participated in EHS special trainings with a total of 475,293
      hours, total of 296,291 participants, average training hours per employee of 16.52 hours and average number of
      training per employee of 10.30. For manufacturing enterprise, the average training hours per employee reached 20.94
      hours, with average number of training per employee of 13.04, exceeding the 2023 target average training hours per
      employee of manufacturing enterprise of 20 hours and the EHS training goal of 7 times of average number of training
      per employee. The Group conducts special health and safety training targeting all suppliers every year, aiming to further
      enhance the awareness of all employees and suppliers on safety issues. By launching extensive training activities, the
      Group helps employees to build and create occupational health and safety awareness and habits.



                                                                                                    2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   241
5. Talent Development



        EHS Training

                                                                                          Average training    Average number
                                                                                                      hour         of training
          Year                                   Total hours      Total participant         per participant    per participant
                                                      (hours)          (attendances)                (hours)            (times)

          2021                                       391,582               212,253                   13.97               7.57
          2022                                       468,731               274,444                   15.37               9.00
          2023                                       475,293               296,291                   16.52              10.30



        2023 EHS training by business segment

                                                                                          Average training    Average number
                                                                                                      hour         of training
          Business segment                       Total hours      Total participant         per participant    per participant
                                                      (hours)          (attendances)                (hours)            (times)

          Pharmaceutical manufacturing               416,471               250,243                   21.25              12.71
          Medical devices and medical
            diagnosis                                 22,333                 23,014                  17.65              18.19
          Healthcare services                         36,489                 23,034                   4.67               2.95




          Case: First aid training on the use of CPR and AED

          In June 2023, the EHS management department of Fosun Pharma, together with the labor union, invited first
          aid experts from Xuhui Red Cross to conduct the special first aid training on Use of CPR (Cardiopulmonary
          Resuscitation) and AED (Automated External Defibrillator) at Xinglong Bookstore. At the training, participants
          and experts actively exchanged with each other, and participants raised questions and actively made tries on
          different sessions such as theory learning, emergency case study and dummy mode operations, thus deepening
          their first aid knowledge, and enabling them to learn basic first aid skills.




                                   Simulated first aid scenario with the use of dummy model




242 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
5. Talent Development



       Expenditures on Occupational Health and Safety and Firefighting


       During the Reporting Period, the accumulated expenditures of the Group on safety and firefighting amounted to
       RMB98.3003 million, mainly utilized for various upgrades and maintenance of safety and firefighting facilities of
       subsidiaries, as well as purchase of protective equipment for employees and other aspects.


       Expenditures on Occupational Health and Safety and Firefighting by segment

                                                                                                            Expenditures on
                                                                                                        occupational health
                                                                                                             and safety and
                                                                                                                firefighting
         Segment                                                                                                (RMB’0,000)

         Pharmaceutical manufacturing                                                                               7,364.89
         Medical devices and medical diagnosis                                                                       330.79
         Healthcare services                                                                                        2,134.35

         Total                                                                                                      9,830.03



   5.3.3 EHS Culture Development

       The Group continues to enhance the pyramid-shaped EHS cultural layout of “attention of the senior level, promotion
       of the middle level, and participation of all levels”, to arouse full attention and enhance the EHS execution at all
       levels of the Group. From June to September every year, the Group conducts Month of EHS Management Activity
       on regular basis. During the campaign, apart from organizing explanation on relevant policies and regulations
       and conducting various hidden danger inspection and emergency exercises under specific themes, the Group also
       organizes different forms of interesting activities to promote EHS culture.


       The Group insisted on the participation of the middle and senior management in the safety hazard inspection and
       rectification, the participation of all employees in EHS training and drills, and the active expansion of green low-
       carbon and energy conservation and emission reduction projects, so that EHS management and responsibilities
       can be achieved horizontally, vertically and individually, thereby further consolidating the EHS management of
       subsidiaries. After years of team building and personnel training, the Group currently has more than 100 EHS special
       personnel, who are distributed in subsidiaries in China.




                                                                                     2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   243
5. Talent Development



          Case: Seventh EHS Management Month of Fosun Pharma

          In 2023, the seventh EHS Management Month of Fosun Pharma was conducted under the theme of “joining
          hands to conduct green campaign and build safety shelter”. From early June to late September, in accordance
          with the requirements of “five guidance (五帶頭)”, “five advancement (五進)” and “five points (五個一)”
          mentioned by the Ministry of Emergency Management during the National Safety Month in 2023, the Group
          conducted a series of special theme activities, aiming to achieve everyone cares about safety matters and
          everyone knows what to do in emergency cases. During the campaign, in addition to activities conducted
          under the requirements of the National Safety Month, the Group also launched the Self Rescue and Mutual
          Rescue Training for Practitioners and the Escape Route Map Prepared by Everyone activities. Subsidiaries
          have completed BBS observation of employees’ safety behavior for approximately 2,000 times in aggregate.
          In addition, subsidiaries have completed various special inspections, such as Inspection and Rectification of
          Fire Operation and Other Dangerous Operations, Inspection and Rectification of Contraction, Renting and
          Other Operational Activities and Self-inspection on Safety Charging of Electrical Vehicle in Factory Area, and
          conducted emergency exercises under different themes, such as fire drill, electrocution drill, hazardous waste
          leakage drill, personnel poisoning drill and high falling accident drill.

          The Group put great efforts in producing the Song of EHS and produced MV thereof, which was released on
          the 2023 World Environment Day. This not only reflects the Group’s full engagement and expectation on EHS
          works, but also shows the support and efforts of senior management of the Group and frontline employees
          of subsidiaries. The song incorporates the value of Fosun Pharma on “caring about life, making innovation,
          pursuing lean operation and win-win cooperation”. Earth is our homeland, and we should create a better
          environment for the joyful and healthy life of every family.




                                              Poster of EHS Management Month




                                                      MV of Song of EHS




                                         Scan WeChat code to view the Song of EHS




244 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
6. Social Responsibility

Insisting on the charity philosophy of “Sustainable Development of Talent and Product”, the Group strives to facilitate the
simultaneous development of economy and community, and gathers the power for good through every tiny action. Leveraging
on our competitive edges in scientific research and innovative technologies, we continue to empower community development,
and earnestly contribute power to facilitate sustainable development of society.

6.1 Community Caring
     As a responsible pharmaceutical company, the Group takes “Innovation for Good Health” as its charity goal, and actively
     facilitates patient-orientated charity projects, thus contributing its power in protecting health of patients.
     In order to actively responding and contributing to the strategy of Healthy China, the Group and Fosun Foundation jointly
     set up the Special Fund for Fosun Pharma Health Care Initiative. With health care, scientific research and innovation, and
     charitable donations as its three major directions, and by focusing on unmet medical needs, this special fund is committed
     to providing comprehensive and full-lifecycle healthcare services for families, serving the ultimate vision of combating
     human diseases and extending human life to 121 years old.
     In 2023, through this special fund, the Group and Shanghai Soong Ching Ling Foundation jointly initiated the “Women Health
     Caring Campaign — Pink Blue Ribbon Charity Tour” in Xishuangbanna, Yunnan Province, and supported education and
     incentive R&D talent and innovation through Future Stars Program, Tan Jiazhen Life Science Award and other projects.
     During the Reporting Period, the Group has made social donations of approximately RMB46.00 million, with social
     contribution value of RMB6.27 per share.


       Cases: Assisting in free screening of "Two Cancers" for grassroots under the Pink Blue Ribbon Charity Campaign

       On 16 September 2023, the Group and Shanghai Soong Ching Ling Foundation jointly launched the charity program
       of “Pink Blue Ribbon Charity Campaign” at Xishuangbanna Maternal and Child Health Hospital in Yunnan. Designed
       to expand the screening coverage for two primary cancers among women in Xishuangbanna and boost the primary
       medical level, the program offered free breast cancer and cervical cancer screening services for more than 16,000
       women in Xishuangbanna. National well-known medical experts were invited to provide free consultation, training,
       tutoring and instructions in the locality. Meanwhile, we donated our intelligent screening solution for the two cancers
       to improve local medical accessibility.
       On the same day, five medical experts, namely Sun Zhengkui (director of the breast surgery department of Jiangxi
       Cancer Hospital), Wang Lihua (director of the oncology department of the International Maternal and Infant
       Health Hospital of the China Welfare Institute), Wu Jiahao (director of the preventive health care department of the
       International Maternal and Infant Health Hospital of the China Welfare Institute), Zhou Jie (vice president of Foshan
       Fosun Chancheng Hospital and president of Foshan Fosun Chancheng Women's and Children's Hospital) and Gong
       Hairong (medical director of Shanghai Xingchen Children's Hospital and director of Fudan Pediatric Emergency
       Department), provided free consultation, special training sessions, tutoring and ward round services covering breast
       cancer, cervical cancer, pediatrics and other fields at Xishuangbanna Maternal and Child Health Hospital. The experts
       also exchanged views with local primary-level maternal and child health workers and the workers concerning women
       to understand the local medical situation, and conducted in-depth discussions on hospital management, department
       construction, talent cultivation and other aspects.
       Cervical cancer and breast cancer are common malignant tumors among women. As females account for nearly
       50% of the permanent population in Xishuangbanna, women's health has been a key agenda of Xishuangbanna
       government. Guided by the Health Commission of Xishuangbanna Dai Autonomous Prefecture and the Women's
       Federation of Xishuangbanna Dai Autonomous Prefecture, the public welfare program is expected to effectively
       improve the screening coverage for two primary cancers among women and the medical level in Xishuangbanna.




                                                                                          2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   245
6. Social Responsibility

      Case: Charity run for employees across the world in promoting the building of
      a Malaria-free world

      On 25 April 2023, the World Malaria Day, the Group initiated the “Build a Malaria-free World” charity run with
      employees and external stakeholders from over 20 countries including Côte d'Ivoire, Uganda, Kenya, Mozambique,
      Angola and other African countries, as well as India and the United States. Over 1,600 people participated in the
      event, thereby jointly promoting the “building of a Malaria-free world” and enhancing Malaria prevention concept
      with actual actions.




      Case: “Give Time to Life” brightens the road to treatment and
      recovery of cancer patients

      The “Give Time to Life” Public Welfare Project for Cancer Patients was jointly initiated by Shanghai Henlius, the
      Cancer Rehabilitation Society of the Chinese Anti-cancer Association, the Shanghai Cancer Recovery Club and Fosun
      Foundation. This project commenced in 2022, and successively organized in Shanghai, Kunming of Yunnan, Xi'an of
      Shaanxi and Tianjin by the end of 2023. The project expressed its care on the physical and mental health of patients
      and delivered positive anti-cancer attitude to patients through mindfulness meditation, psychological counseling,
      patient art exhibition and other means. At the same time, the project also encourages the community to give more
      love and support to cancer patients, improves quality of life of patients in practical ways, and helps them to return to
      society as soon as possible.




246 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
6. Social Responsibility

6.2	Rural Revitalization

    The Group actively participates in rural revitalization projects. The Special Fund for Fosun Pharma Health Care Initiative
    participates in the Rural Doctor Project jointly initiated by Fosun Foundation, China Guangcai Program Foundation and
    China Population Welfare Foundation, thereby actively bearing corporate responsibilities and brightening the ambitious
    blueprint of rural revitalization.




                                                                                   2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   247
6. Social Responsibility


     Case: Safeguarding health of grassroots, empowering rural doctors and
     supporting rural revitalization

     In December 2017, under the guidance of the Leading Group Office of Rural Revitalization of National Health
     Commission (the former Office of Poverty Alleviation), Fosun Foundation initiated the Rural Doctor Project. This
     project aims to secure, motivate and empower rural doctors based on the fundamental medical protection needs of
     rural population. As at the end of 2023, the project covered 78 key counties receiving assistance in 16 provinces, cities
     and autonomous regions, with 366 person head dispatched to station in counties receiving assistance in aggregate,
     thereby protecting 24,000 rural doctors and benefitting 3 million rural families.
     Over the years, the Group deeply involved in the Rural Doctor Project, actively supported and protected rural doctors,
     empowered the construction of rural medical system, promoted rural revitalization, and improved the livelihood of
     rural citizens.
     “Hand in Hand” Rural Medical Talent Revitalization Plan facilitates the medical talent cultivation in rural areas
     In 2023, the “Hand in Hand” Rural Medical Talent Revitalization Plan focused on the integration of Chinese and
     western medicine. Through online “Doctors’ Lectures” and offline “Famous Doctors Visiting Rural Areas” campaigns,
     this plan gathered famous domestic medical experts in Chinese and western medicine to visit remote rural areas
     and commenced targeted medical assistance. By exporting medical technologies and integrating Chinese and
     western medicine, we practically assisted rural doctors to improve their diagnosis skills, and provided them practical
     knowledge and useful assistance, benefitting over 20,000 rural doctors in aggregate.
     “Healthy and Heart-Warming Rural Doctor Training Base” makes the health guards of rural areas to better
     serve the grassroots
     At the announcement ceremony of “Healthy China 2023 — Heart-Warming Rural Doctor and Head of Township
     Hospitals” held on 19 October 2023, Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital and Shenzhen Hengsheng Hospital, both
     subsidiaries of the Company, were granted the title of “Healthy and Heart-Warming Rural Doctor Training Base”.
     As at the end of the Reporting Period, Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital has successfully conducted three sessions
     of rural doctor training class, with 33 rural doctors and heads of township hospitals from Yunnan, Shanxi, Qinghai,
     Xinjiang, Guizhou and other places successively visited Foshan to join training session. Shenzhen Hengsheng Hospital
     has conducted the first session of rural doctor training class, with a total 4 rural doctors and heads of township
     hospitals attended. During the training, the lecturers provided customized learning program for rural doctors, making
     them able to apply what they have learned and provide better medical services for grassroots.




      Case: “Rural Winter-Warming Program” ensures vital accessibility to medications
      for elderly in rural areas

      On 9 January 2023, the Group, Fosun Foundation and Genuine Biotech donated COVID-19 oral drug azvudine valued
      RMB100 million to rural areas in China. This batch of drug was donated to rural areas in central and western China in
      different phases, cover 180 counties.




248 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
Third Party Assurance Report




                                                                                验证声明
                                                                       SGS ASSURANCE STATEMENT

     SGS通标标准技术服务有限公司可持续发展审验报告
     SGS-CSTC STANDARDS TECHNICAL SERVICES CO., LTD.’S REPORT- ON SUSTAINABILITY ACTIVITIES IN THE
                                                               上海复星医药（集团）股份有限
     2023 ESG AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORT SUBMITTED BY SHANGHAI FOSUN PHARMACEUTICAL (GROUP)
     公司提交的《2023年度ESG暨可持续发展报告》
     CO., LTD.
     NATURE AND SCOPE OF THE ASSURANCE/VERIFICATION
     查证/验证的性质和范围
     SGS-CSTC STANDARDS TECHNICAL SERVICES CO., LTD. (hereafter referred to as “SGS”) was commissioned
     by SHANGHAI FOSUN PHARMACEUTICAL (GROUP)
     SGS通标标准技术服务有限公司（以下简称“SGS”）受上海复星医药（集团）股份有限公司（以下简称“复星医     CO., LTD. (thereafter as “Fosun Pharma”) to conduct an
     independent assurance of the 2023 ESG and Sustainability
     药”）的委托，对《上海复星医药（集团）股份有限公司2023年度ESG暨可持续发展报告》进行独立验证。       Report of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
     INTENDED USERS OF THIS ASSURANCE STATEMENT
     This Assurance Statement is provided with the intention of informing all stakeholders of Shanghai Fosun
     验证声明的使用者
     Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd..
     本验证声明意图提供给所有上海复星医药（集团）股份有限公司的利益相关方。
     RESPONSIBILITIES
     The
     责任声明 information and data in the 2023 ESG and Sustainability Report of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co.,
     Ltd. is the responsibility of the related governance bodies such as the board of directors of Fosun Pharma. SGS has
     《上海复星医药（集团）股份有限公司2023年度ESG暨可持续发展报告》中的信息和数据由其董事会等相关治理机
     not been involved in the preparation of any of the material included in the report.
     构负责。SGS并未参与该报告任何材料的准备。
     The responsibility of SGS is to express an opinion on the text, data, graphs and statements within the scope of
     verification with the intention to inform all Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.’s stakeholders.
     我们的责任旨在告知所有上海复星医药（集团）股份有限公司的利益相关方，在以下规定的验证范围内表达对文本、
     数据、图表和声明的意见。
     ASSURANCE STANDARDS, TYPE AND LEVEL OF ASSURANCE
     The SGS ESG & Sustainability Report Assurance protocols used to conduct assurance are based upon internationally
     recognized
     验证标准、类型与验证等级assurance guidance and standards, which including:
             •      The principles of reporting process contained within the Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability
     SGS已根据国际公认标准和指南，为ESG&可持续发展报告验证开发了一套规章，包括：
                    Reporting Standards (GRI Standards) as:
                         o GRI 1:
                全球报告倡议组织可持续发展报告标准（GRI                        Standards）中包含的原则和报告流程：
                                      Foundation 2021, for report quality
                   o      o
                       GRI1：基础GRI 2: General     Disclosure 2021, for organization’s reporting practices and other
                                     2021，规定了报告信息质量的要求
                              organizational detail
                   o GRI2：一般披露 2021，用于组织说明报告实践和其他组织详情
                          o GRI 3: Material Topics 2021, for organization’s process of determining material topics, its
                   o GRI3：实质性议题            2021，用于组织说明其确定实质性议题的过程、实质性议题清单以及每个议题
                              list of material topics and how to manage each topic
             •      and the
                       的管理方法 guidance on levels of assurance contained within the AA1000 series of standards and
                   ISAE3000.
                AA1000系列标准和ISAE3000中的验证等级指南
     The assurance of this report has been conducted according to SGS ESG & SRA verification regulations (based on GRI
     本报告的验证依据SGS             ESG & SRA
     Principles and AA1000 Guides).   The 验证规章（基于GRI原则与AA1000指南）进行审验：本报告以中级审查进行验
                                          Assurance has been conducted at a moderate level of scrutiny.
     证
     SCOPE OF ASSURANCE AND REPORTING CRITERIA
          •     The scope of the assurance included evaluation of quality, accuracy and reliability of specified
     验证范围和报告标准  performance information as detailed below, and evaluation of adherence to GRI STANDARDS (2021)
               and the Environmental, Social and                                               STANDARDS
                                                   Governance Reporting Guide by The Stock Exchange
            验证的内容包括评估下列指定绩效信息的质量、准确性和可靠性以及评估报告内容对GRI                                                    of Hong
                Kong Limited.
            （2021）及香港联合交易所有限公司《环境、社会及管治报告指引》遵循情况。
     ASSURANCE METHODOLOGY
     The
     验证方法assurance comprised a combination of pre-assurance research, onsite interviews with Fosun Pharma employees
     at Fosun Pharma’s Headquarters located at No. 1289,
     验证包括验证前调研、现场采访其位于中国上海市徐汇区宜山路1289号的复星医药总部的员工；必要时与外部机构和   Yishan Road, Xuhui District, Shanghai, China. Documents
     and records are reviewed and confirmed with external institutions and a stakeholder (one of its subsidiaries:
     利益相关方(其附属公司之一：位于上海市徐汇区宜州路188号华鑫慧享城B座复宏汉霖生物技术股份有限公司)进行文
     Shanghai Henlius Biotech, Inc. at B Building, Huaxin Huixiancheng, No. 188, Yizhou Rd, Xuhui District, Shanghai) as
     necessary.
     档和记录审查和确认。

     LIMITATIONS AND MITIGATION
     审验局限性
     Financial data in the report has been independently audited by other third party and has not been checked back to
     source as part of this assurance process.
     报告中的财务数据由其他第三方独立审计，并未作为本验证流程的组成部分与来源数据进行核对。
     This validation was conducted only on the data collected at Fosun Pharma’s Headquarters, and the original data
     本次审验仅对复星医药总部收集的数据进行了审阅，其附属公司提供的原始数据并未得到全面追溯。
     provided by its subsidiaries was not fully traced.
     STATEMENT
     独立性与能力声明      OF INDEPENDENCE AND COMPETENCE
     SGS is the world’s leading inspection,
     SGS是全球领先的检验、鉴定、测试和认证机构，是公认的质量和诚信的基准。SGSverification, testing and certification company. SGS is recognized
                                                                                             集团是检验、测试和验证领域     as the global
     benchmark for quality and integrity. SGS Group is a global leader in inspection, testing and verification, operating
     的全球领导者，在 140 多个国家/地区开展业务，提供包括管理体系和服务认证在内的服务；质量、环境、社会和道
     in more than 140 countries/regions, providing services including management systems and service certification;




                                                                                          2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   249
Third Party Assurance Report



           quality, environmental,
           德审核和培训；环境、社会和可持续发展报告验证。                                  SGS申明与复星医药为完全独立之组织，对该机构、其附属机
                                       social and ethical audits and training; environmental,    social and sustainability report
           assurance. SGS affirms
           构和利益相关方不存在偏见和利益冲突。        that it is a completely independent organization from Fosun Pharma, and that there is no bias
                德审核和培训；环境、社会和可持续发展报告验证。 SGS申明与复星医药为完全独立之组织，对该机构、其附属机
           or conflict of interest against Fosun Pharma, its subsidiaries and stakeholders.
               构和利益相关方不存在偏见和利益冲突。
           The assurance team was assembled based on their
           本次验证团队是由具备与此项任务有关的知识、经验和资质的人员组成的，包括社会责任报告主任审验员、SAI注册knowledge, experience and qualifications for this assignment,
           and comprised of CSR Lead Assuror, SAI
           的SA8000审核员、CCAA注册的ISO                  Registered
                                               9001、ISO       SA8000 auditor,
                                                           14001、ISO          CCAA Registered
                                                                      45001审核员、ISO             ISO 9001 auditor, ISO 14001
                                                                                        14064查证员等。
               本次验证团队是由具备与此项任务有关的知识、经验和资质的人员组成的，包括社会责任报告主任审验员、SAI注册
           auditor, ISO 45001 auditor and ISO 14064 verifier.
               的SA8000审核员、CCAA注册的ISO 9001、ISO 14001、ISO 45001审核员、ISO 14064查证员等。
           FINDINGS
           发现与结论AND CONCLUSIONS
           VERIFICATION/ASSURANCE OPINION
               发现与结论
           On the
           查证/验证意见 basis of the methodology described and the verification work performed, the information and data contained
           within the 2023 ESG and Sustainability Report of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. verified is accurate
           基于上述方法论和所进行的验证，《上海复星医药（集团）股份有限公司2023年度ESG暨可持续发展报告》中包含
               查证/验证意见
           and reliable, which have provided a fair and balanced representation of sustainable development activities by Fosun
           的信息和数据是准确的、可靠的，对复星医药的2023年的可持续发展活动提供了公正和中肯的陈述。
               基于上述方法论和所进行的验证，《上海复星医药（集团）股份有限公司2023年度ESG暨可持续发展报告》中包含
           Pharma   in 2023.
               的信息和数据是准确的、可靠的，对复星医药的2023年的可持续发展活动提供了公正和中肯的陈述。
           GRI STANDARDS CONCLUSIONS,
           全球报告倡议组织《可持续发展报告标准》结论、发现和建议         FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATIONS
                  •      In our opinion, the 2023 ESG and Sustainability Report of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co.,
                    验证团队认为，《上海复星医药（集团）股份有限公司2023年度ESG暨可持续发展报告》参照了GRI
               全球报告倡议组织《可持续发展报告标准》结论、发现和建议
                         Ltd. is prepared with reference to GRI standards 2021 and the Environmental, Social and Governance
                发现与结论
                    Standards   2021及香港联合交易所有限公司《环境、社会及管治报告指引》进行了报告编写。
                         Reporting Guide of The Stock Exchange of Hong
                        验证团队认为，《上海复星医药（集团）股份有限公司2023年度ESG暨可持续发展报告》参照了GRI  Kong Limited.
            原则 查证/验证意见
                  发现与结论
           Principles Standards 2021及香港联合交易所有限公司《环境、社会及管治报告指引》进行了报告编写。
                 基于上述方法论和所进行的验证，复星医药的2023年度ESG暨企业社会责任报告中包含的信息和数据是准确的、可
               原则 查证/验证意见
                 靠的，对复星医药的2023年的可持续发展活动提供了公正和中肯的陈述。
           ACCURACY
           准确性      基于上述方法论和所进行的验证，复星医药的2023年度ESG暨企业社会责任报告中包含的信息和数据是准确的、可
                 全球报告倡议组织《可持续发展报告标准》结论、发现和建议
                    靠的，对复星医药的2023年的可持续发展活动提供了公正和中肯的陈述。
           The information in Fosun Pharma’s report is
           复星医药的报告内容信息准确，能够向利益相关方公开披露多项绩效的定性和定量信息。
                                                      accurate, enabling  the public
                                                                     Standards        disclosure of qualitative and quantitative
                                                                               2021及港交所《环境、
               准确性 验证团队认为，复星医药的2023年度ESG暨可持续发展报告参照了GRI
           information on a number of performances to stakeholders.
                     全球报告倡议组织《可持续发展报告标准》结论、发现和建议
                       社会及管治报告指引》进行了报告。
               复星医药的报告内容信息准确，能够向利益相关方公开披露多项绩效的定性和定量信息。
                    验证团队认为，复星医药的2023年度ESG暨可持续发展报告参照了GRI Standards 2021及港交所《环境、
            平衡性原则
           BALANCE         社会及管治报告指引》进行了报告。
            复星医药基于利益相关方期望实事求是地进行了可持续发展议题的披露。积极披露了自身正面及非正面两方面的绩效，
           Fosun
               平衡性Pharma
                 准确性 原则 has made disclosure on sustainability issues based on stakeholders’ expectations in a realistic manner.
            给与利益相关方更加客观的社会责任绩效展示。
           Fosun  Pharma has actively    disclosed  both its positive and non-positive performance, giving stakeholders a more
                 复星医药的报告内容信息准确，能够向利益相关方公开披露多项绩效的定性和定量信息。
               复星医药基于利益相关方期望实事求是地进行了可持续发展议题的披露。积极披露了自身正面及非正面两方面的绩效，
                     准确性
           objective presentation of its social responsibility performance.
               给与利益相关方更加客观的社会责任绩效展示。
                 平衡性 复星医药的报告内容信息准确，能够向利益相关方公开披露多项绩效的定性和定量信息。
            清晰性复星医药基于利益相关方期望实事求是地进行了可持续发展议题的披露。积极披露了自身正面及非正面两方面的绩效，
           CLARITY 平衡性
                 给与利益相关方更加客观的社会责任绩效展示。
            报告采用文字描述、数据表、图形、照片等多种表达方式，并结合案例分析叙述，能让利益相关方易于理解。
               清晰性复星医药基于利益相关方期望实事求是地进行了可持续发展议题的披露。积极披露了自身正面及非正面两方面的绩效，
           The report  has adopted a variety of expressions such as text descriptions, data tables, graphs, photographs, etc., and
                 清晰性给与利益相关方更加客观的社会责任绩效展示。
           combined   case study narratives, which can be easily understood
               报告采用文字描述、数据表、图形、照片等多种表达方式，并结合案例分析叙述，能让利益相关方易于理解。
                 报告采用文字描述、数据表、图形、照片等多种表达方式，并结合案例分析叙述，能让利益相关方易于理解。
                                                                            by stakeholders.
            可比性 清晰性
           COMPARABILITY
            复星医药的报告披露了 2023
                 可比性
               可比性                     年的各项相关绩效指标，部分绩效指标披露了历史数据，这些数据可使利益相关方对其
                    报告采用文字描述、数据表、图形、照片等多种表达方式，并结合案例分析叙述，能让利益相关方易于理解。
           Fosun Pharma’s report
                 复星医药的报告披露了
            企业社会责任绩效进行直观对比和了解。   discloses various relevant
                              2023                          performance indicators for 2023, and some of the performance
                                   年的各项相关绩效指标，部分绩效指标披露了历史数据，这些数据可使利益相关方对其
               复星医药的报告披露了
                    可比性
                 企业社会责任绩效进行直观对比和了解。
           indicators复星医药的报告披露了      2023 年的各项相关绩效指标，部分绩效指标披露了历史数据，这些数据可使利益相关方对其
                      disclose historical data, which enables stakeholders to visually compare and understand its CSR
                                    2023 年的各项相关绩效指标，部分绩效指标披露了历史数据，这些数据可使利益相关方对其
               企业社会责任绩效进行直观对比和了解。
           performance.
            完整性完整性企业社会责任绩效进行直观对比和了解。
                 复星医药的报告基本涵盖了所识别的实质性方面及其边界，反映了对经济、环境和社会的重要影响，使利益相关方可
           COMPLETENESS
            复星医药的报告基本涵盖了所识别的实质性方面及其边界，反映了对经济、环境和社会的重要影响，使利益相关方可
                     完整性
                 以评估复星医药在报告期间的绩效。
               完整性   复星医药的报告基本涵盖了所识别的实质性方面及其边界，反映了对经济、环境和社会的重要影响，使利益相关方可
           Fosun Pharma’s  report
            以评估复星医药在报告期间的绩效。      essentially covers the identified material aspects and their boundaries, reflecting significant
               复星医药的报告基本涵盖了所识别的实质性方面及其边界，反映了对经济、环境和社会的重要影响，使利益相关方可
                 可持续发展背景
                     以评估复星医药在报告期间的绩效。
           impacts on the economy, environment and      society, allowing stakeholders to assess Fosun Pharma’s performance
                 复星医药从经济、环境与社会方面展现其在可持续发展上所做的努力，并将这些绩效结合可持续发展背景进行展现。
               以评估复星医药在报告期间的绩效。
           during the Reporting Period.
                     可持续发展背景
            可持续发展背景
                 时效性复星医药从经济、环境与社会方面展现其在可持续发展上所做的努力，并将这些绩效结合可持续发展背景进行展现。
                 验证显示报告的数据和信息在报告周期中是及时、有效的。
           BACKGROUND      OF SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
            复星医药从经济、环境与社会方面展现其在可持续发展上所做的努力，并将这些绩效结合可持续发展背景进行展现。
               可持续发展背景
                     时效性
           Fosun 可验证性
                 Pharma demonstrates   its sustainability efforts in economic, environmental and social terms, and presents these
                    验证显示报告的数据和信息在报告周期中是及时、有效的。
               复星医药从经济、环境与社会方面展现其在可持续发展上所做的努力，并将这些绩效结合可持续发展背景进行展现。
           performances in the context of sustainable development.
                 报告中的数据和信息皆可被追溯和验证。
            时效性      可验证性
                 管理方法
           TIMELINESS报告中的数据和信息皆可被追溯和验证。
           验证显示报告的数据和信息在报告周期中是及时、有效的。
                时效性
                 复星医药的报告对所选择的专项议题进行了管理方法披露。
           Validation shows that the reported data and information are timely and valid for the reporting cycle.
                     管理方法
                验证显示报告的数据和信息在报告周期中是及时、有效的。
                 一般披露
                    复星医药的报告对所选择的专项议题进行了管理方法披露。
           可验证性
           VERIFIABILITY
                 复星医药的报告根据GRI 2：一般披露 2021披露了部分指标。
                     一般披露
           The data and information
           报告中的数据和信息皆可被追溯和验证。
               可验证性
                 签字： 复星医药的报告根据GRI
                                    in2：一般披露
                                        the report can be traced and verified.
                                               2021披露了部分指标。

              报告中的数据和信息皆可被追溯和验证。
                 签字：
            签字：
           Signed:
               签字：
            代表通标标准技术服务有限公司
               代表通标标准技术服务有限公司

               代表通标标准技术服务有限公司
                David Xin
                     代表通标标准技术服务有限公司
           北京市阜成路               73   号世纪裕惠大厦 16
                 Sr. Director – Business Assurance
           For and   on   behalf
                 北京市阜成路73号世纪裕惠大厦16层
                       David  Xin     of SGS-CSTC           层
                                                       STANDARDS TECHNICAL SERVICES CO., LTD.
           2024年3月21日
                北京市阜成路                73  号世纪裕惠大厦 16 层
                       Sr. Director – Business Assurance
                 2024⵳3㘇21㓤
                       北京市阜成路73号世纪裕惠大厦16层
           16/F Century
           WWW.SGS.COM      Yuhui Mansion, No. 73, Fucheng Road, Beijing
                2024年3月21日
                 WWW.SGS.COM
           21 March 2024
                       2024⵳3㘇21㓤
               WWW.SGS.COM
                  WWW.SGS.COM
           WWW.SGS.COM




250 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
Appendix I Content Index of
GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards


GRI 1 Adopted                                                        GRI 1: Foundation 2021
GRI Standard GRI Disclosure                                                         Location



GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
The Organizations and its reporting practices
2–1             Organizational details                                              Company Profile & Development Strategy
2–2             Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting    Company Profile & Development Strategy
2–3             Reporting period, frequency and contact point                       About This Report
2–4             Restatements of information                                         About This Report
2–5             External assurance                                                  Third Party Assurance Report


Activities and workers
2–6             Activities, value chain and other business relationships            Company Profile& Development Strategy
2–7             Employees                                                           Talent Development — Diversity and Equal Opportunity
2–8             Workers who are not employees                                       Talent Development — Diversity and Equal Opportunity


Governance
2–9             Governance structure and composition                                Responsible Operation — Corporate Governance
2–10            Nomination and selection of the highest governance body             Responsible Operation — Corporate Governance
2–11            Chair of the highest governance body                                Responsible Operation — Corporate Governance
2–12            Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the               Responsible Operation — Corporate Governance
                management of impacts
2–13            Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts                   Responsible Operation — Corporate Governance
2–14            Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting     Responsible Operation — Corporate Governance
2–15            Conflicts of interest                                               Responsible Operation — Business Ethics
2–16            Communication of critical concerns                                  Responsible Operation — Corporate Governance
2–17            Collective knowledge of the highest governance body                 Responsible Operation — Corporate Governance
2–18            Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body        Responsible Operation — Corporate Governance
2–19            Remuneration policies                                               Responsible Operation — Corporate Governance
2–20            Process to determine remuneration                                   Responsible Operation — Corporate Governance
2–21            Annual total compensation ratio                                     Relevant internal information is unavailable for now


Strategy, policies and practices
2–22            Statement on sustainable development strategy                       Talent Development — Diversity and Equal Opportunity
2–23            Policy commitments                                                  Talent Development — Diversity and Equal Opportunity
2–24            Embedding policy commitments                                        Responsible Operation — Business Ethics
2–25            Processes to remediate negative impacts                             Responsible Operation — Business Ethics
2–26            Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns                  Responsible Operation — Business Ethics
2–27            Compliance with laws and regulations                                Responsible Operation — Corporate Governance
                                                                                    Responsible Operation — Business Ethics
2–28            Membership associations                                             Win-win Partnership — Sustainable Supply


Stakeholder engagement
2–29            Approach to stakeholder engagement                                  Responsible Operation — Corporate Governance
2–30            Collective bargaining agreements                                    Talent Development — Diversity and Equal Opportunity




                                                                                               2023 ESG and Sustainability Report          251
Content Index of GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards



GRI 1 Adopted                                                         GRI 1: Foundation 2021
GRI Standard GRI Disclosure                                                          Location



GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
3–1             Process to determine material topics                                 Responsible Operation — Corporate Governance
3–2             List of material topics                                              Responsible Operation — Corporate Governance


Material Topics
GRI 202: Market Presence 2016
202–1           Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to local      Relevant internal information is unavailable for now
                minimum wage


GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016
205–1           Operations assessed for risks related to corruption                  Responsible Operation — Business Ethics
205–2           Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and        Responsible Operation — Business Ethics
                procedures
205–3           Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken                  Responsible Operation — Business Ethics


GRI 206: Anti-competitive Behavior 2016
206–1           Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and         Responsible Operation — Business Ethics
                monopoly practices


Environmental
GRI 301: Materials 2016
301–1           Materials used by weight or volume                                   Environmental Protection — Environmental Management


GRI 302: Energy 2016
302–1           Energy consumption within the organization                           Environmental Protection — Environmental Management
302–3           Energy intensity                                                     Environmental Protection — Environmental Management
302–4           Reduction of energy consumption                                      Environmental Protection — Environmental Management


GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018
303–1           Interactions with water as a shared source                           Environmental Protection — Environmental Management
303–2           Management of water discharge-related impacts                        Environmental Protection — Environmental Management
303–4           Water discharge                                                      Environmental Protection — Environmental Management
303–5           Water consumption                                                    Environmental Protection — Environmental Management


GRI 305: Emissions 2016
305–1           Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions                                       Environmental Protection — Coping with Climate Change
305–2           Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions                              Environmental Protection — Coping with Climate Change
305–3           Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions                               Environmental Protection — Coping with Climate Change
305–4           GHG emissions intensity                                              Environmental Protection — Coping with Climate Change
305–5           Reduction of GHG emissions                                           Environmental Protection — Coping with Climate Change
305–7           Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulfur oxides (SOX) and other significant     Environmental Protection — Environmental Management
                air emissions




252 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
Content Index of GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards



GRI 1 Adopted                                                       GRI 1: Foundation 2021
GRI Standard GRI Disclosure                                                          Location



GRI 306: Effluents and Waste 2016
306–1           Water discharge by quality and destination                           Relevant internal information is unavailable for now
306–2           Waste by type and disposal method                                    Environmental Protection — Environmental Management
306–3           Significant spills                                                   Environmental Protection — Environmental Management
306–4           Transport of hazardous waste                                         Environmental Protection — Environmental Management
306–5           Water bodies affected by water discharges and/or runoff              Relevant internal information is unavailable for now


GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016
308–1           New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria        Win-win Partnership — Sustainable Supply
308–2           Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions       Win-win Partnership — Sustainable Supply
                taken


Social
GRI 401: Employment 2016
401–1           New employee hires and employee turnover                             Talent Development — Diversity and Equal Opportunity
401–3           Parental leave                                                       Talent Development — Diversity and Equal Opportunity


GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018
403–1           Occupational health and safety management system                     Talent Development — Occupational Health and Safety
403–2           Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation   Talent Development — Occupational Health and Safety
403–3           Occupational health services                                         Talent Development — Occupational Health and Safety
403–4           Worker participation, consultation, and communication on             Talent Development — Occupational Health and Safety
                occupational health and safety
403–5           Worker training on occupational health and safety                    Talent Development — Occupational Health and Safety
403–6           Promotion of worker health                                           Talent Development — Occupational Health and Safety
403–7           Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety          Talent Development — Occupational Health and Safety
                impacts directly linked by business relationships
403–8           Workers covered by an occupational health and safety                 Talent Development — Occupational Health and Safety
                management system
403–9           Work-related injuries                                                Talent Development — Occupational Health and Safety


GRI 404: Training and Education 2016
404–1           Average hours of training per year per employee                      Talent Development — Development of Human Capital
404–2           Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance     Talent Development — Development of Human Capital
                programs
404–3           Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and            Talent Development — Development of Human Capital
                career development reviews


GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016
405–1           Diversity of governance bodies and employees                         Talent Development — Diversity and Equal Opportunity
405–2           Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men               Relevant internal information is unavailable for now


GRI 406: Non-discrimination 2016
406-1           Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken             Talent Development — Diversity and Equal Opportunity
GRI 407: Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 2016                       Talent Development — Diversity and Equal Opportunity




                                                                                                2023 ESG and Sustainability Report          253
Content Index of GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards



GRI 1 Adopted                                                       GRI 1: Foundation 2021
GRI Standard GRI Disclosure                                                            Location



GRI 408: Child Labor 2016
408–1           Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child    Talent Development — Diversity and Equal Opportunity
                labor


GRI 409: Forced or Compulsory Labor 2016
409–1           Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced   Talent Development — Diversity and Equal Opportunity
                or compulsory labor


GRI 413: Local Communities 2016
413–1           Operations with local community engagement, impact                     Not applicable, less relevant to the Company’s business
                assessments, and development programs                                  and therefore not disclosed
413–2           Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts      Not applicable, less relevant to the Company’s business
                on local communities                                                   and therefore not disclosed


GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016
414–1           New suppliers that were screened using social criteria                 Win-win Partnership — Sustainable Supply
414–2           Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken          Win-win Partnership — Sustainable Supply


GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016
416–1           Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and             Product Responsibility — Pharmacovigilance and Recall
                service categories
416–2           Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety           Product Responsibility — Pharmacovigilance and Recall
                impacts of products and services


GRI 417: Marketing and Labeling 2016
417–1           Requirements for product and service information and labeling          Product Responsibility — Customer Responsibility
417–2           Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service             Product Responsibility — Customer Responsibility
                information and labeling
417–3           Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing                       Product Responsibility — Customer Responsibility
                communications


GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016
418–1           Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer               Product Responsibility — Customer Responsibility
                privacy and losses of customer data




254 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
Appendix II Content Index of the Environmental, Social and
Governance Reporting Guidelines of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange


Environmental, Social and Governance Areas and General Disclosures and KPIs                          Index


A. Environmental
A1: Emissions
General Disclosure     Information on:                                                               Environmental Protection —
                       (a)    the policies; and                                                      Coping with Climate Change
                       (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                              significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse
                              gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of
                              hazardous and nonhazardous waste
KPI A1.1               The types of emissions and respective emissions data.                         Environmental Protection —
                                                                                                     Environmental Management
KPI A1.2               Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions       Environmental Protection —
                       (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production    Coping with Climate Change
                       volume, per facility).
KPI A1.3               Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate,            Environmental Protection —
                       intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).                 Environmental Management
KPI A1.4               Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where                     Environmental Protection —
                       appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).    Environmental Management
KPI A1.5               Description of emission target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.        Environmental Protection —
                                                                                                     Coping with Climate Change
KPI A1.6               Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled,            Environmental Protection —
                       and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve       Environmental Management
                       them.


A2: Resource
General Disclosure     Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and.      Environmental Protection —
                       other raw materials.                                                          Environmental Management
KPI A2.1               Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type (e.g. electricity, gas      Environmental Protection —
                       or oil) in total (kWh in '000) and intensity (e.g. per unit of production     Coping with Climate Change
                       volume, per facility).
KPI A2.2               Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit of production         Environmental Protection —
                       volume, per facility).                                                        Environmental Management
KPI A2.3               Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to.        Environmental Protection —
                       achieve them.                                                                 Coping with Climate Change
KPI A2.4               Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for   Environmental Protection —
                       purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.      Environmental Management
KPI A2.5               Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if       Environmental Protection —
                       applicable, with reference to per unit produced.                              Environmental Management


A3: The Environment and Natural Resources
General Disclosure   Policies on minimizing the issuer’s significant impacts on the environment      Environmental Protection —
                     and natural resources.                                                          Coping with Climate Change
KPI A3.1             Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment         Environmental Protection —
                     and natural resources and the actions taken to manage them.                     Coping with Climate Change


A4: Climate Change
General Disclosure     Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related      Environmental Protection —
                       issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer.           Coping with Climate Change
KPI A4.1               Description of the significant climate-related issues which have              Environmental Protection —
                       impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken       Coping with Climate Change
                       to manage them.




                                                                                                2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   255
Appendix II Content Index of the Environmental, Social and
Governance Reporting Guidelines of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange



Environmental, Social and Governance Areas and General Disclosures and KPIs                      Index


B. Social
Employment and Labor Practices
B1: Employment
General Disclosure Information on:                                                               Talent Development —
                   (a)   the policies; and                                                       Diversity and Equal Opportunity
                   (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                         significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and
                         dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest
                         periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and
                         other benefits and welfare.
KPI B1.1           Total workforce by gender, employment type, age group and                     Talent Development —
                   geographical region.                                                          Diversity and Equal Opportunity
KPI B1.2           Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region.          Talent Development —
                                                                                                 Development of Human Capital


B2: Health and Safety
General Disclosure    Information on:                                                            Talent Development —
                      (a)    the policies; and                                                   Occupational Health and Safety
                      (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have
                             a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a
                             safe working environment and protecting employees from
                             occupational hazards.
KPI B2.1              Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past    Talent Development —
                      three years including the reporting year.                                  Occupational Health and Safety
KPI B2.2              Lost days due to work injury.                                              Talent Development —
                                                                                                 Occupational Health and Safety
KPI B2.3               Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and       Talent Development —
                       how they are implemented and monitored.                                   Occupational Health and Safety


B3: Development and Training
General Disclosure  Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills for discharging        Talent Development —
                    duties at work. Description of training activities.                          Development of Human Capital
KPI B3.1            The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category          Talent Development —
                    (e.g. senior management, middle management).                                 Development of Human Capital
KPI B3.2            The average training hours completed per employee by gender and              Talent Development —
                    employee category.                                                           Development of Human Capital


B4: Labor Standards
General Disclosure     Information on:                                                           Talent Development —
                       (a)   the policies; and                                                   Diversity and Equal Opportunity
                       (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                             significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and
                             forced labor.
KPI B4.1               Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child     Talent Development —
                       and forced labor.                                                         Diversity and Equal Opportunity
KPI B4.2               Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered.   Talent Development —
                                                                                                 Diversity and Equal Opportunity




256 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
Appendix II Content Index of the Environmental, Social and
Governance Reporting Guidelines of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange



Environmental, Social and Governance Areas and General Disclosures and KPIs                            Index


Operating Practices
B5: Supply Chain Management
General Disclosure  Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain.           Win-win Partnership — Sustainable Supply
KPI B5.1            Number of suppliers by geographical region.                                        Win-win Partnership —
                                                                                                       Supplier Management
KPI B5.2               Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of              Win-win Partnership —
                       suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are           Supplier Management
                       implemented and monitored.
KPI B5.3               Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks        Win-win Partnership — Sustainable Supply
                       along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored.
KPI B5.4               Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable             Win-win Partnership — Sustainable Supply
                       products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are
                       implemented and monitored.

B6: Product Responsibility
General Disclosure   Information on:                                                                   Product Responsibility
                     (a)    the policies; and
                     (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                            significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety,
                            advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and
                            services provided and methods of redress.
KPI B6.1             Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety        Product Responsibility —
                     and health reasons.                                                               Pharmacovigilance and Recall
KPI B6.2             Number of products and service related complaints received and how                Product Responsibility —
                     they are dealt with.                                                              Customer Responsibility
KPI B6.3             Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual        Product Responsibility —
                     property rights.                                                                  Pharmacovigilance and Recall
KPI B6.4             Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures.                   Product Responsibility —
                                                                                                       Pharmacovigilance and Recall
KPI B6.5               Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how           Product Responsibility —
                       they are implemented and monitored.                                             Customer Responsibility

B7: Anti-corruption
General Disclosure     Information on:                                                                 Responsible Operation — Business Ethics
                       (a)    the policies; and
                       (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                              significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud
                              and money laundering.
KPI B7.1               Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought             Responsible Operation — Business Ethics
                       against the issuer or its employees during the Reporting Period and the
                       outcomes of the cases.
KPI B7.2               Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, and          Responsible Operation — Business Ethics
                       how they are implemented and monitored.
KPI B7.3               Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors and staff.        Responsible Operation — Business Ethics

Community
B8: Community Investment
General Disclosure  Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the                    Community Caring
                    communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take
                    into consideration the communities’ interests.
KPI B8.1            Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environmental concerns,               Community Caring
                    labor needs, health, culture, sport).
KPI B8.2            Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus area.                      Community Caring — Health Caring




                                                                                                   2023 ESG and Sustainability Report     257
Appendix III Table of
Key Performance Indicators


Economic performance                                            Unit               2023     2022     2021



Equity per share attributable to shareholders of the parent     RMB/share          17.08    16.67    15.27
Earnings per share — basic                                      RMB/share           0.90     1.43     1.85
Earnings per share after deducting
  non-recurring profits and losses — basic                      RMB/share           0.75     1.49     1.28
Weighted average return on net asset after deducting
  non-recurring profits and losses                              %                   4.46     9.40     8.58
Revenue                                                         RMB 100 million   412.49   438.11   388.64
Other Income                                                    RMB 100 million    13.92    27.57    33.22
Other expenses                                                  RMB 100 million     8.32    29.65    11.64
Profit before tax                                               RMB 100 million    32.77    45.81    60.43
Taxation                                                        RMB 100 million     3.70     6.27    10.66
Profit for the year                                             RMB 100 million    29.07    39.54    49.76
Total comprehensive income attributable to
  owners of the parent                                          RMB 100 million    23.99    37.37    47.29
Total comprehensive income attributable to minority interests   RMB 100 million     5.09     2.17     2.47
Tax payments                                                    RMB 100 million    28.19    23.17    22.71
Public donations                                                RMB 100 million     0.46     0.60     0.36
Social contribution per share                                   RMB/share           6.27     6.13     5.85
R&D expenditure                                                 RMB 100 million    59.37    58.85    49.78




258 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
Appendix III Table of Key Performance Indicators



Environmental performance                         Unit                           2023              2022                2021


Energy
Purchased Green Power                             million kWh                    14.70            16.92              26.59
Carbon reduction of purchased green electricity   ton                            8,383            8,825             16,230
Electricity saving                                million kWh                    10.56             8.86               7.47
Saving in purchased steam                         ton                            4,402            4,700              5,546
Natural gas saving                                million m3                      1.09             0.97               0.34
Comprehensive energy Consumption                  GJ/year                    7,748,179        8,368,603          8,048,743
Comprehensive energy Intensity                    GJ/RMB10,000 operating          1.88             1.90               2.06
                                                    income

Greenhouse Gas emission
Scope 1 emissions                                 ton CO2e                    210,819           289,044           307,856
Scope 2 emissions                                 ton CO2e                    677,874           659,631           591,357
Scope 3 emissions                                 ton CO2e                     72,171               794               899
Total carbon emissions (Scope 1 + Scope 2 +       ton CO2e                    960,864           949,469           900,112
  Scope 3)
Carbon emission intensity                         ton/RMB10,000 operating         0.23             0.22                 0.23
                                                    income
Carbon reduction by energy saving                 ton                          10,114             9,433                7,916
Water Consumption
Water saving                                      million ton                     0.76             0.34              0.30
Total water consumption                           m3/year                   10,489,189       10,545,581        10,521,811
Water consumption intensity                       m3/RMB10,000 operating          2.54             2.40              2.70
                                                    income
Waste
Total waste volume                                t/year                       56,029            69,147               66,328
Total waste intensity                             kg/RMB10,000 operating        13.58             15.72                17.01
                                                     income
Hazardous waste                                   t/year                        9,618             7,568                5,954
Hazardous waste intensity                         kg/RMB10,000 operating         2.33              1.72                 1.53
                                                     income

Sewage
Total sewage discharge                            t/year                     7,507,716        7,523,754          7,497,581
Sewage discharge intensity                        ton/RMB10,000 operating         1.82             1.71               1.92
COD emission                                      t/year                           817              841                704
COD emission intensity                            kg/RMB10,000 operating          0.20             0.19               0.18
                                                     income
Ammonia nitrogen emission                         t/year                          192               175                  146
Ammonia nitrogen emission intensity               kg/RMB10,000 operating        0.047             0.040                0.038
                                                     income

Waste gas
Nitrogen oxide emissions                          t/year                          158               204                  182
Nitrogen oxide emission intensity                 g/RMB10,000 operating         38.38             46.45                46.61
                                                     income
Sulfur dioxide emissions                          t/year                          123               118                  101
Sulfur dioxide emissions intensity                g/RMB10,000 operating         29.77             26.91                25.91
Emission of particles                             t/year                           37                30                   25
Particle emission intensity                       g/RMB10,000 operating          8.88              6.90                 6.45
Qualified rate of VOCs emission                   %                              100               100                  100

Packaging material consumption
Packaging material consumption                    ton                          18,772            19,437               20,793
Intensity of package material consumption         kg/RMB10,000 operating         4.55              4.42                 5.32
                                                    income




                                                                                 2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   259
Appendix III Table of Key Performance Indicators



Social performance                                                    Unit                            2023                  2022                   2021



Employee Employment
Number of employees                                                   person                        40,370                38,399                 36,279
Number of male employees                                              person                        20,375                19,785                 18,858
Number of female employees                                            person                        19,995                18,614                 17,421
Number of master’s and doctoral degree holders                        person                         5,535                  5,575                 4,851
Number of employees in Chinese mainland                               person                        32,685                31,954                 30,057
Number of employees in Hong Kong, Macao
  and Taiwan Region                                                   person                             19                    19                     18
Number of employees overseas                                          person                         7,666                  6,426                 6,204
Number of employees aged under 30                                     person                        12,550                12,506                 12,247
Number of employees aged between 30-50                                person                        23,725                22,019                 20,810
Number of employees aged above 50                                     person                         4,095                  3,874                 3,222
Number of full-time employees                                         person                        39,040                36,813                 34,891
Number of part-time employees                                         person                         1,330                  1,586                 1,388
Employee Turnover2                                                    %                              13.02                  15.95                 17.14

Employee Equality and Diversity
Total number of employees with disabilities                           person                           156                     89                     83
Disabled Employee employment rate                                     %                                0.39                  0.23                   0.23
Total minority employees                                              person                         1,220                  1,1151                1,117
Employment rate of ethnic minority employees                          %                                3.02                  2.90                   3.08
Percentage of female employees returning to work and
  retaining their positions after maternity leave                     %                                100                    100                   100

Occupational Health and Safety
Lost-time injury rate per million work hours                          /                              0.104                  0.101                 0.170
Recordable injury rate per million work hours                         /                              0.193                  0.202                 0.355
Occupational hazard exposure rate                                     %                              16.76                  15.27                 15.16
Investment in health and safety                                       RMB 10,000                  9,830.03             10,117.78               8,191.97

Employee training
Total number of man-hours of training                                 man-hour                  1,342,886              1,377,319               670,094
Number of anti-corruption training sessions                           time                               18                    16                     20
Total EHS training hours                                              hour                        475,293                468,731               391,582
Total EHS training person-times                                       time                        296,291                274,444               212,253
EHS training hours per employee                                       hour                           16.52                  15.37                 13.97
EHS training times per employee                                       time                           10.30                   9.00                   7.57

R&D
Number of patent applications                                         item                             206                    249                   186
Number of patent granted                                              item                               74                    48                     62
R&D staff                                                             person                         3,491                  3,646                 2,849


Note 1: Statistical adjustments
Note 2: In 2023, the male employee turnover rate was 13.79%; the female employee turnover rate was 12.23%; the employee turnover rate in Chinese mainland
       was 12.06%; the employee turnover rate in Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan Region was 55.81%; the employee turnover rate overseas was 17.03%; the
       turnover rate of employees aged under 20 was 17.54%; the turnover rate of employees aged between 20-30 was 19.82%; the turnover rate of employees
       aged between 30-40 was 12.58%; the turnover rate of employees aged between 40-50 was 7.06%; the turnover rate of employees aged between 50-55
       was 5.40%; the turnover rate of employees aged between 55-60 was 6.03%; and the turnover rate of employees aged above 60 was 11.86%.




260 Innovation for Good Health 持續創新 樂享健康
Appendix III Table of Key Performance Indicators



Governance performance                          Unit     End of 2023       End of 2022       End of 2021



Board of Directors
Number of members of Board of Directors         person           12                12                11
Number of female Directors                      person            2                 2                 2
Number of independent non-executive Directors   person            4                 4                 4




                                                               2023 ESG and Sustainability Report   261
Independent Auditor’s Report




To the shareholders of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
(Established in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 268 to 408, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
position as at 31 December 2023, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for
the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of
the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics
for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the
Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of
procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide
the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.




262 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Independent Auditor’s Report



To the shareholders of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
(Established in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

Key audit matters (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment of goodwill

The carrying value of goodwill in the consolidated financial statements   Our audit procedures included, among others,
amounted to RMB10,851,999,000 as at 31 December 2023. In                  involving internal valuation specialists to assist us in
accordance with HKFRSs, the Group is required to perform impairment       evaluating the assumptions and methodologies
test for goodwill at least on an annual basis. The impairment test is     used by the Group, in particular, the discount rate
based on the recoverable amount of each cash-generating unit to           and the growth rate beyond a forecast period. We
which the goodwill is allocated. The recoverable amount of each cash-     paid attention to the forecasts used with respect to
generating unit is its value in use using cash flow projection based on   future revenues and operating results by comparing
a financial budget or a forecast. This matter was significant to our      the forecasts with the historical performance and
audit because the impairment test process was complex and involved        the business development plan of each cash-
significant judgements and estimates.                                     generating unit.

The disclosures about impairment of goodwill are included in note 2.4     We also focused on the adequacy of the disclosures
“Material Accounting Policies”, note 3 “Significant Accounting            in the consolidated financial statements.
Judgements and Estimates” and note 17 “Goodwill”, which
specifically explains the key assumptions management used for the
calculation of the recoverable amounts to the consolidated financial
statements.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023     263
Independent Auditor’s Report



To the shareholders of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
(Established in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

Key audit matters (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment of indefinite-life intangible assets

The carrying value of indefinite-life intangible assets (medicine licenses,   Our audit procedures included, among others,
trademarks, patents and technical know-how and operating                      involving internal valuation specialists to assist us in
concession rights) in the consolidated financial statements amounted          evaluating the assumptions and methodologies
to RMB1,013,677,000 as at 31 December 2023. In accordance with                used by the Group, in particular, the discount rate
HKFRSs, the Group is required to perform impairment test for                  and the growth rate beyond a forecast period used
indefinite-life intangible assets at least on an annual basis. The            in the cash flow forecast of each individual asset or
impairment test is based on the recoverable amount of each individual         the corresponding cash-generating unit. We paid
asset or the corresponding cash-generating unit, which is its value in        attention to the forecasts used with respect to
use using cash flow projections based on a financial budget or a              future revenues and operating results by comparing
forecast. This matter was significant to our audit because the                the forecasts with historical performance and
impairment test process was complex and involved significant                  product revenue plan of each individual asset or the
judgements and estimates.                                                     corresponding cash-generating unit.

The disclosures about impairment of indefinite-life intangible assets         We also focused on the adequacy of the disclosures
are included in note 2.4 “Material Accounting Policies”, note 3               in the consolidated financial statements.
“Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates” and note 18 “Other
Intangible Assets”, which specifically explains the key assumptions
management used for the calculation of the recoverable amounts to
the consolidated financial statements.

Capitalisation of development expenditures

During the year ended 31 December 2023, expenditure incurred on               Our audit procedures included, among others,
projects to develop new pharmaceutical products of                            assessing whether the capitalisation policy adopted
RMB1,295,212,000 was capitalised in “other intangible assets —                to be in line with HKFRSs, obtaining an
deferred development costs” in the consolidated financial statements.         understanding of the Group’s internal approval
The expenditure on development activities was capitalised and                 procedures regarding the capitalisation of
deferred when all criteria mentioned in note 2.4 “Material Accounting         development expenditures by conducting interview
Policies” were satisfied. This matter was significant to our audit            with key management members in charge of
because significant management’s estimation and judgement were                research, development and industrialisation of
required in determining whether development expenditure met the               various projects, and obtaining certifications related
capitalisation criteria.                                                      to different stages of development activities and
                                                                              commercial and technical feasibility reports
The disclosures about capitalisation of development expenditure are           prepared by management.
included in note 2.4 “Material Accounting Policies”, note 3 “Significant
Accounting Judgements and Estimates” and note 18 “Other Intangible            We also focused on the adequacy of the disclosures
Assets” to the consolidated financial statements.                             in the consolidated financial statements.




264 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Independent Auditor’s Report



To the shareholders of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
(Established in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

Other information included in the Annual Report

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or
our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial
statements

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations
or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the
Group’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Our
report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability
to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   265
Independent Auditor’s Report



To the shareholders of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
(Established in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements (Continued)

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
     error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
     appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
     higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
     misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s
     internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
     disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
     evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
     on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
     to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
     disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
     date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
     concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
     manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
     within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
     supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.




266 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Independent Auditor’s Report



To the shareholders of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
(Established in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements (Continued)

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Lawrence K.W. Lau.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
26 March 2024




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   267
Consolidated
Statement of Profit or Loss
Year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                                         2023           2022
                                                                            Notes     RMB’000        RMB’000


REVENUE                                                                      5       41,248,505     43,811,385
Cost of sales                                                                       (21,595,309)   (23,169,690)


Gross profit                                                                        19,653,196     20,641,695

Other income                                                                 6          524,980        447,326
Selling and distribution expenses                                                    (9,712,237)    (9,171,176)
Administrative expenses                                                              (4,495,128)    (3,915,740)
Impairment losses on financial assets                                                  (131,927)        (65,369)
Research and development expenses                                                    (4,346,045)    (4,302,093)
Other gains                                                                  8        1,392,007      2,756,877
Other expenses                                                                         (831,601)    (2,964,942)
Interest income                                                                         363,645        282,635
Finance costs                                                                9       (1,324,831)      (963,807)
Share of profits and losses of:
   Joint ventures                                                                     (202,030)      (233,925)
   Associates                                                                        2,386,879      2,069,071


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                                            7       3,276,908      4,580,552

Income tax expense                                                           12       (369,504)       (626,918)


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                                  2,907,404      3,953,634


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                               2,398,606      3,736,975
  Non-controlling interests                                                            508,798        216,659


                                                                                     2,907,404      3,953,634


Earnings per share attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent:    14

  Basic                                                                               RMB0.90        RMB1.43


  Diluted                                                                             RMB0.90        RMB1.43




268 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Consolidated
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                                            2023             2022
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                                      2,907,404       3,953,634


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                  183,615        208,227
Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of joint ventures                                   109          (4,297)
Share of other comprehensive loss of associates                                           (152,726)        (83,592)


Net other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods                                                     30,998         120,338


Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income/(loss):
  Changes in fair value                                                                       957          (14,465)
  Income tax effect                                                                           (99)           2,170


Net other comprehensive income/(loss) that will not be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods                                                        858          (12,295)


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                                        31,856         108,043


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                                  2,939,260       4,061,677


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                                   2,363,164       3,837,585
  Non-controlling interests                                                                576,096         224,092


                                                                                         2,939,260       4,061,677




                                                                                          Annual Report 2023   269
Consolidated
Statement of Financial Position
31 December 2023


                                                                                             2023          2022
                                                                                 Notes    RMB’000       RMB’000


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                                     15     20,846,458   15,718,789
Right-of-use assets                                                               16      4,248,080    2,837,229
Goodwill                                                                          17     10,851,999   10,337,053
Other intangible assets                                                           18     15,301,788   13,951,625
Investments in joint ventures                                                     19         78,910      230,606
Investments in associates                                                         20     23,802,113   22,863,449
Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income    21         52,774       15,451
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                             29      1,040,114    2,388,829
Deferred tax assets                                                               22        624,471      442,570
Trade receivables — non-current                                                   23         85,323       91,663
Other non-current assets                                                          24      2,706,628    2,956,749


Total non-current assets                                                                 79,638,658   71,834,013


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                                       25      7,537,768    6,882,432
Trade and bills receivables                                                       26      7,668,229    7,612,942
Contract assets                                                                   27        145,887           —
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                   28      2,216,029    2,635,453
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                             29      1,888,496      928,532
Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                 26        642,569      558,927
Cash and bank balances                                                            30     13,693,591   16,241,313


                                                                                         33,792,569   34,859,599
Assets of a disposal group classified as held for sale                            31             —       419,578


Total current assets                                                                     33,792,569   35,279,177


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables                                                          32      6,159,619    6,284,041
Other payables and accruals                                                       33      6,748,494    7,649,161
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                        34     19,068,818   17,016,360
Lease liabilities                                                                 35        329,525      184,406
Contract liabilities                                                              36      1,200,496    1,544,763
Tax payable                                                                                 250,629      619,339


Total current liabilities                                                                33,757,581   33,298,070


NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                          34,988     1,981,107


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                    79,673,646   73,815,120




270 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

31 December 2023


                                                            2023             2022
                                               Notes     RMB’000          RMB’000


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                  79,673,646      73,815,120


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings      34     13,504,923      12,099,868
Lease liabilities                               35      2,049,589         744,992
Deferred tax liabilities                        22      3,445,191       3,362,940
Contract liabilities                            36        319,785         354,413
Deferred income                                 37        639,399         632,433
Other long-term liabilities                     38      3,136,874       2,562,281


Total non-current liabilities                          23,095,761      19,756,927


Net assets                                             56,577,885      54,058,193


EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                   39      2,672,399       2,672,157
Treasury shares                                           (41,928)         (53,255)
Reserves                                        40     43,015,915      41,912,839


                                                       45,646,386      44,531,741
Non-controlling interests                              10,931,499       9,526,452


Total equity                                           56,577,885      54,058,193




                            Wu Yifang            Guan Xiaohui
                             Director              Director




                                                          Annual Report 2023   271
Consolidated
Statement of Changes in Equity
Year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                                                 Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                              Issued                                           Statutory                   Exchange                                     Non-
                                                               share     Treasury       Share    Fair value      surplus       Other     fluctuation    Retained                  controlling        Total
                                                              capital      shares    premium       reserve       reserve      reserve        reserve      profits        Total      interests       equity
                                                  Notes    RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                           (note 39)


At 1 January 2022 (As previously reported)                2,562,899           — 11,385,162       203,703      2,826,306     2,784,724    (1,457,965) 20,830,233 39,135,062        9,183,616 48,318,678
Business combination involving enterprises
    under common control                                          —           —            —            —             —        11,498            —         (7,888)       3,610          394          4,004


At 1 January 2022 (As restated)                           2,562,899           — 11,385,162       203,703      2,826,306     2,796,222    (1,457,965) 20,822,345 39,138,672        9,184,010 48,322,682
Profit for the year                                              —            —         —             —              —             —             —    3,736,975 3,736,975           216,659 3,953,634
Other comprehensive income for the year:
    Changes in fair value of equity investments
         at fair value through other
         comprehensive income, net of tax                         —           —            —      (11,665)            —             —            —             —       (11,665)         (630)      (12,295)
    Share of other comprehensive loss of
         associates                                               —           —            —      (83,592)            —             —            —             —       (83,592)           —        (83,592)
    Share of other comprehensive loss of joint
         ventures                                                 —           —            —        (4,297)           —             —            —             —        (4,297)           —         (4,297)
    Exchange differences on translation of
         foreign operations                                       —           —            —            —             —             —      200,164             —      200,164         8,063       208,227


Total comprehensive income for the year                           —           —            —      (99,554)            —            —       200,164     3,736,975     3,837,585      224,092     4,061,677

Profit appropriation to reserves                                —             —            —            —       143,318            —             —      (143,318)      —                 —             —
Issue of A shares                                  39      109,258            —     4,400,195           —            —             —             —            — 4,509,453                —      4,509,453
Establishment of new subsidiaries                               —             —            —            —            —             —             —            —        —              2,310         2,310
Deemed disposal of partial interests in
     subsidiaries without losing control                          —           —            —            —             —       (10,405)           —             —       (10,405)      28,598         18,193
Dividends declared to non-controlling
     shareholders of subsidiaries                                 —           —            —            —             —            —             —             —            —      (143,014)      (143,014)
Capital injections from non-controlling
     shareholders of subsidiaries                                 —           —            —            —             —           —              —            —          —            55,215      55,215
Acquisitions of subsidiaries                                      —           —            —            —             —           —              —            —          —          377,083     377,083
Disposal of associates                                            —           —            —            —             —       (9,435)            —            —      (9,435)              —        (9,435)
Disposal of subsidiaries                                          —           —            —            —            (22)         —              —            22         —           (12,827)    (12,827)
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                          —           —            —            —       (16,673) (1,388,930)             —            — (1,405,603)        (270,655) (1,676,258)
Equity-settled share-based payments                               —      (53,255)          —            —             —        1,800             —            —    (51,455)           78,294      26,839
Adjustment on the share redemption options
    granted to non-controlling shareholders of
    subsidiaries                                                  —           —            —            —             —       (53,198)           —             —       (53,198)       1,171        (52,027)
Share of changes in equity other than
    comprehensive income and distributions
    received of associates                                        —           —            —           —              —        15,592            —             —       15,592         2,175         17,767
Business combination under common control                         —           —        (4,000)         —              —            —             —             —        (4,000)          —           (4,000)
Fair value reserve to retained profits                            —           —            —      (33,142)            —            —             —         33,142           —            —               —
Final 2021 dividend declared and paid                             —           —            —           —              —            —             —     (1,435,465) (1,435,465)           —      (1,435,465)


At 31 December 2022                                       2,672,157      (53,255) 15,781,357*      71,007*    2,952,929* 1,351,646* (1,257,801)* 23,013,701* 44,531,741           9,526,452 54,058,193




272 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

Year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                                               Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                             Issued                                         Statutory               Exchange                                Non-
                                                              share    Treasury       Share    Fair value     surplus       Other fluctuation    Retained             controlling          Total
                                                            capital      shares    premium       reserve      reserve     reserve     reserve      profits      Total   interests         equity
                                                  Notes   RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000   RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                          (note 39)


At 1 January 2023                                         2,672,157     (53,255) 15,781,357*      71,007*   2,952,929* 1,351,646* (1,257,801)* 23,013,701* 44,531,741      9,526,452 54,058,193
Profit for the year                                              —           —           —            —            —          —           —     2,398,606 2,398,606          508,798 2,907,404
Other comprehensive income for the year:
    Changes in fair value of equity investments
         at fair value through other
         comprehensive income, net of tax                        —           —           —           827           —            —          —            —          827           31          858
    Share of other comprehensive loss of
         associates                                              —           —           —      (152,726)          —            —          —            —      (152,726)         —      (152,726)
    Share of other comprehensive income of
         joint ventures                                          —           —           —           109           —            —          —            —          109           —           109
    Exchange differences on translation of
         foreign operations                                      —           —           —            —            —            —     116,348           —      116,348       67,267      183,615


Total comprehensive income for the year                          —           —           —      (151,790)          —            —     116,348   2,398,606     2,363,164     576,096    2,939,260

Profit appropriation to reserves                                —            —           —            —         5,486           —          —        (5,486)          —           —            —
Issue of A shares                                  39          372           —        7,540           —            —            —          —            —         7,912          —         7,912
Repurchase and cancellation of restricted
     A shares                                                  (130)     2,757       (2,627)          —            —            —          —            —           —            —            —
Unlock of restricted A shares                                    —      16,481           —            —            —            —          —            —       16,481           —        16,481
Establishment of new subsidiaries                                —          —            —            —            —            —          —            —           —         1,870        1,870
Deemed disposal of partial interests in
     subsidiaries without losing control                         —           —           —            —            —         3,929         —            —        3,929       (3,470)         459
Dividends declared to non-controlling
     shareholders of subsidiaries                                —           —           —            —            —            —          —            —            —     (198,564)    (198,564)
Capital injections from non-controlling
     shareholders of subsidiaries                                —           —          —             —            —            —         —            —             —       75,894       75,894
Acquisitions of subsidiaries                       41            —           —          —             —            —            —         —            —             —      958,865      958,865
Disposal of associates                                           —           —          —             —            —       (74,745)       —            —        (74,745)         —       (74,745)
Disposal of subsidiaries                                         —           —          —             —            —            —         —            —             —      (10,566)     (10,566)
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                         —           —          —             —            —       (41,015)       —            —        (41,015)    (42,551)     (83,566)
Equity-settled share-based payments                              —       (7,911)        —             —            —         9,765        —            —          1,854      33,543       35,397
Adjustment on the share redemption options
    granted to non-controlling shareholders of
    subsidiaries                                                 —           —          —             —            —       (64,315)       —            —        (64,315)     13,930       (50,385)
Share of changes in equity other than
    comprehensive income and distributions
    received of associates                                       —           —          —             —            —       22,784         —             —       22,784           —         22,784
Fair value reserve to retained profits                           —           —          —        (66,284)          —           —          —         66,284          —            —             —
Final 2022 dividend declared and paid                            —           —          —             —            —           —          —     (1,121,404) (1,121,404)          —     (1,121,404)


At 31 December 2023                                       2,672,399     (41,928) 15,786,270*    (147,067)* 2,958,415* 1,208,049* (1,141,453)* 24,351,701* 45,646,386 10,931,499 56,577,885



*         The reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB43,015,915,000 (2022: RMB41,912,839,000) in the consolidated statement of financial
          position.




                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023              273
Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows
Year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                                               2023          2022
                                                                                   Notes    RMB’000       RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                                          3,276,908     4,580,552

Adjustments for:
  Finance costs                                                                     9       1,324,831       963,807
  Share of profits and losses of joint ventures                                               202,030       233,925
  Share of profits and losses of associates                                                (2,386,879)   (2,069,071)
  Interest income                                                                            (155,579)     (155,005)
  Depreciation of of property, plant and equipment                                  7       1,517,737     1,251,033
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                               7         318,258       259,373
  Amortisation of other intangible assets                                           7       1,282,683       937,199
  Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment and
     other tangible assets                                                          7           (538)     (111,284)
  Gain on disposal of interests in associates and joint ventures                    8       (710,599)        (4,238)
  Loss/(gain) on disposal of subsidiaries                                           8          1,046      (351,840)
  Dividend income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        6        (61,239)       (62,972)
  Dividend income from equity investments at fair value through
     other comprehensive income                                                     6           (203)          (200)
  Impairment of items of property, plant and equipment                              7          2,408          4,093
  Impairment of inventories                                                         7        121,339         86,325
  Impairment of other intangible assets                                             7         21,592          2,070
  Impairment losses on financial assets                                             7        131,927         65,369
  Impairment of goodwill                                                            7             —         180,000
  Impairment of investments in associates                                           7         61,284             —
  Impairment of other non-current assets                                            7         13,119             —
  Gain on disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         7       (558,489)    (2,129,616)
  Gain on fair value change of other financial liabilities at fair value through
     profit or loss, net                                                            7        (47,204)       (47,761)
  Loss on fair value change of financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss, net                                                            7        452,384     2,546,130
  Loss on fair value change of other long-term assets, net                                    22,200             —
  Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                    16          (277)       (11,345)
  Equity settled share-based payment                                                 7        35,898         54,483


                                                                                           4,864,637      6,221,027
Increase in inventories                                                                     (333,906)    (1,430,078)
Decrease/(increase) in trade and bills receivables                                           396,151     (1,633,526)
Increase in debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                (83,642)      (131,043)
Decrease in prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                  741,277        525,215
(Decrease)/increase in trade and bills payables                                             (716,589)     1,149,998
(Decrease)/increase in contract liabilities                                                 (493,437)       503,864
(Decrease)/increase in other payables and accruals                                          (611,925)       539,210
Decrease/(increase) in pledged bank balances and deposits                                    551,306       (837,197)


Cash generated from operations                                                             4,313,872     4,907,470
Income tax paid                                                                             (899,655)     (689,899)


Net cash flows from operating activities                                                   3,414,217     4,217,571




274 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

Year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                                              2023             2022
                                                                                 Notes     RMB’000          RMB’000


Net cash flows from operating activities                                                  3,414,217        4,217,571

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment, prepaid land lease
   payments, other intangible assets and other non-current assets                         (5,336,705)     (5,888,839)
Acquisitions of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                                41        (923,999)     (1,196,778)
Acquisitions of interests in associates and joint ventures                                  (428,453)       (482,167)
Purchases of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                          (227,640)     (1,019,099)
Purchases of equity investments designated at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                                               (37,395)              —
Disposal and partial disposal of associates and joint ventures                              742,382          688,137
Disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                         1,117,884        3,142,906
Disposal of subsidiaries                                                          42            300          709,214
Dividends from associates                                                                   707,290          653,337
Dividends received from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                63,240           63,962
Dividends received from equity investments designated at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                                                   203               200
Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and equipment, prepaid land
   lease payments, other intangible assets and other non-current assets                       9,009         107,130
Change of the deposit for construction projects                                              20,587         (13,243)
Decrease/(increase) in non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of
   three months or more when acquired and restricted cash, net                              650,969       (1,105,185)
Interest received from time deposits                                                        178,325          100,988
(Payment)/receipt of loans to associates and joint ventures, net                            (60,464)         178,672
Prepayment for acquisition of an associate                                                 (248,883)               —
Other payments relating to investing activities                                             (45,940)           (3,273)

Net cash flows used in investing activities                                               (3,819,290)     (4,064,038)

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
New bank and other borrowings                                                     43      23,155,128      30,027,529
Repayment of bank and other borrowings                                            43     (21,146,225)    (26,280,141)
Principal portion of lease payments                                               43        (251,707)       (190,802)
Interest paid                                                                             (1,331,338)       (937,336)
Proceeds from issue of A shares, net of share issue expenses                                   7,912       4,509,453
Capital injections from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                          68,717         127,980
Receipt of capital contribution from limited partners of consolidated
   Structured entities                                                                       294,200         449,060
Dividends paid to owners of the parent                                                    (1,123,832)     (1,437,034)
Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                              (204,523)       (141,847)
Acquisitions of non-controlling interests                                                    (86,139)     (1,676,027)
Increase/(decrease) of loans from related parties                                 43          20,813          (10,231)
Repayment of borrowings to former shareholders of a subsidiary                    43        (643,262)              —
Other payments relating to financing activities                                              (95,994)         (12,129)

Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities                                        (1,336,250)      4,428,475

NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                     (1,741,323)       4,582,008
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                           11,170,067        6,459,717
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                                 73,645          128,342

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                          30      9,502,389      11,170,067




                                                                                            Annual Report 2023   275
Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2023


1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

     The Company was established as a joint stock company with limited liability on 31 May 1995 in the People’s Republic
     of China (“PRC”). The Company’s A Shares have been listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange since 7 August 1998. The
     Company’s H shares have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong
     Kong Stock Exchange”) since 30 October 2012. The operating term is from 31 December 1998 to an indefinite period.

     The holding company of the Company is Shanghai Fosun High Technology (Group) Co., Ltd. (“Fosun High Tech”). The
     ultimate holding company of the Company is Fosun International Holdings Limited. The ultimate controlling shareholder
     of the Company is Mr. Guo Guangchang.

     During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) were principally engaged in
     the development, manufacture and sale of pharmaceutical products and medical equipment, import and export of
     medical equipment and the provision of related and other consulting services and investment management.

     Information about subsidiaries
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                                                                     Percentage of equity
                                                   Place of                     Issued ordinary/        attributable to
                                                   incorporation/                     registered         the Company
     Company name*                                 registration and business        share capital       Direct      Indirect   Principal activities
                                                                                           (‘000)            %            %


     Chongqing Yao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.        PRC/                              RMB196,540             —         61.04    Manufacture and trading of medicine
          (“Yao Pharmaceutical”)                   Chinese Mainland
          (重慶藥友製藥有限責任公司)***


     Jiangsu Wanbang Biopharmaceutical (Group) PRC/                                  RMB480,455             —           100    Manufacture and trading of medicine
        Co., Ltd. (“Wanbang Pharma”)           Chinese Mainland
        (江蘇萬邦生化醫藥集團有限責任公司)**


     Guilin South Pharma Co., Ltd.                 PRC/                              RMB285,030             —         96.47    Manufacture and trading of medicine
       (桂林南藥股份有限公司)***                             Chinese Mainland



     Shanghai Fuhong Hanlin Biotechnology Co., Ltd PRC/                              RMB543,495             —         59.56    Manufacture and trading of medicine
        (上海復宏漢霖生物技術股份有限公司)*** Chinese Mainland



     Gland Pharma Limited (“Gland Pharma”)         India                            Not applicable          —         57.86    Manufacture and trading of medicine

     *       The English names of the companies registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the management of the Company in directly
             translating the Chinese names of these companies.

     **      These subsidiaries are registered as wholly-owned enterprises under PRC law.

     ***     These subsidiaries are registered as limited liability companies under PRC law.




276 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)

     Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
     The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, principally
     affected the results of the Group for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give
     details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive
     length.

2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     2.1 Basis of Preparation
          These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
          (“HKFRSs”) (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards
          (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and
          the disclosure requirement of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the
          historical cost convention, except for certain equity investments, debt investments and certain financial assets,
          which have been measured at fair value. These financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and all
          values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

          Basis of consolidation
          The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries
          (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2023. A subsidiary is an entity (including
          a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is
          exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect
          those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to
          direct the relevant activities of the investee).

          Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has less
          than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and
          circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

          (a)   the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;

          (b)   rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

          (c)   the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

          The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using
          consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group
          obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

          Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent of
          the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit
          balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
          between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   277
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.1 Basis of Preparation (Continued)
           Basis of consolidation (Continued)
           The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
           changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest of
           a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

           If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the related assets (including goodwill), liabilities, any
           non-controlling interest and the exchange fluctuation reserve; and recognises the fair value of any investment
           retained and any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously
           recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on
           the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.

     2.2 Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures
           The Group has adopted the following new and revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current year’s financial
           statements.

           HKFRS 17                                           Insurance Contracts
           Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS                     Disclosure of Accounting Policies
            Practice Statement 2
           Amendments to HKAS 8                               Definition of Accounting Estimates
           Amendments to HKAS 12                              Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising
                                                                 from a Single Transaction
           Amendments to HKAS 12                              International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules

           The nature and impact of the new and revised HKFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described below:

           (a)   Amendments to HKAS 1 require entities to disclose their material accounting policy information rather than
                 their significant accounting policies. Accounting policy information is material if, when considered together
                 with other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to
                 influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of
                 those financial statements. Amendments to HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements
                 provide non-mandatory guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting policy
                 disclosures. The Group has disclosed the material accounting policy information in note 2 to the financial
                 statements. The amendments did not have any impact on the measurement, recognition or presentation of
                 any items in the Group’s financial statements.

           (b)   Amendments to HKAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes in
                 accounting policies. Accounting estimates are defined as monetary amounts in financial statements that are
                 subject to measurement uncertainty. The amendments also clarify how entities use measurement
                 techniques and inputs to develop accounting estimates. Since the Group’s approach and policy align with
                 the amendments, the amendments had no impact on the Group’s financial statements.




278 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2 Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures (Continued)
         The nature and impact of the new and revised HKFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described below:
         (Continued)

         (c)   Amendments to HKAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction
               narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception in HKAS 12 so that it no longer applies to transactions
               that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences, such as leases and decommissioning
               obligations. Therefore, entities are required to recognise a deferred tax asset (provided that sufficient
               taxable profit is available) and a deferred tax liability for temporary differences arising from these
               transactions.

               Upon the application of the amendments, the Group has determined the temporary differences arising
               from right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately, which have been reflected in the reconciliation
               disclosed in note 22 to the financial statements. However, they did not have any material impact on the
               overall deferred tax balances presented in the consolidated statement of financial position as the related
               deferred tax balances qualified for offsetting under HKAS 12.

         (d)   Amendments to HKAS 12 International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules introduce a mandatory
               temporary exception from the recognition and disclosure of deferred taxes arising from the implementation
               of the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.
               The amendments also introduce disclosure requirements for the affected entities to help users of the
               financial statements better understand the entities’ exposure to Pillar Two income taxes, including the
               disclosure of current tax related to Pillar Two income taxes separately in the periods when Pillar Two
               legislation is effective and the disclosure of known or reasonably estimable information of their exposure to
               Pillar Two income taxes in periods in which the legislation is enacted or substantively enacted but not yet in
               effect. The Group has applied the amendments retrospectively. Since the major entities comprising the
               Group are operating in jurisdictions in which the Pillar Two tax law has not yet been enacted, the
               amendments did not have any significant impact to the Group. The Group will disclose known or reasonably
               estimable information related to its exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in the consolidated financial
               statements by the time when the Pillar Two tax law has been enacted or substantively enacted and will
               disclose separately the current tax expense or income related to Pillar Two income taxes when it is in effect.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   279
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.3 Issued But Not Yet Effective Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
           The Group has not applied the following revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet effective, in these
           financial statements. The Group intends to apply these revised HKFRSs, if applicable, when they become effective.

           Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                      Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                                     Associate or Joint Venture3
           Amendments to HKFRS 16                                  Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback1
           Amendments to HKAS 1                                    Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
                                                                     (the “2020 Amendments”)1,4
           Amendments to HKAS 1                                    Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
                                                                     (the “2022 Amendments”)1,4
           Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7                        Supplier Finance Arrangements1
           Amendments to HKAS 21                                   Lack of Exchangeability2

           1    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024
           2    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025
           3    No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
           4    As a consequence of the 2020 Amendments and 2022 Amendments, Hong Kong Interpretation 5 Presentation of Financial Statements —
                Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause was revised to align the corresponding
                wording with no change in conclusion


           Further information about those HKFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described below.

           Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in HKFRS 10 and in
           HKAS 28 in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture.
           The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a downstream transaction when the
           sale or contribution of assets constitutes a business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a
           business, a gain or loss resulting from the transaction is recognised in the investor’s profit or loss only to the
           extent of the unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied
           prospectively. The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 was removed by
           the HKICPA. However, the amendments are available for adoption now.




280 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.3 Issued But Not Yet Effective Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (Continued)
         Amendments to HKFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability arising
         in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any amount of the gain or loss
         that relates to the right of use it retains. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after
         January 1, 2024 and shall be applied retrospectively to sale and leaseback transactions entered into after the date
         of initial application of HKFRS 16 (i.e., January 1, 2019). Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not
         expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

         The 2020 Amendments clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current, including what
         is meant by a right to defer settlement and that a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting period.
         Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer settlement.
         The amendments also clarify that a liability can be settled in its own equity instruments, and that only if a
         conversion option in a convertible liability is itself accounted for as an equity instrument would the terms of a
         liability not impact its classification. The 2022 Amendments further clarify that, among covenants of a liability
         arising from a loan arrangement, only those with which an entity must comply on or before the reporting date
         affect the classification of that liability as current or non-current. Additional disclosures are required for non-
         current liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12 months after the
         reporting period. The amendments shall be applied retrospectively with early application permitted. An entity that
         applies the 2020 Amendments early is required to apply simultaneously the 2022 Amendments, and vice versa.
         The Group is currently assessing the impact of the amendments and whether existing loan agreements may
         require revision. Based on a preliminary assessment, the amendments are not expected to have any significant
         impact on the Group’s financial statements.

         Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7 clarify the characteristics of supplier finance arrangements and require
         additional disclosure of such arrangements. The disclosure requirements in the amendments are intended to assist
         users of financial statements in understanding the effects of supplier finance arrangements on an entity’s
         liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk. Earlier application of the amendments is permitted. The
         amendments provide certain transition reliefs regarding comparative information, quantitative information as at
         the beginning of the annual reporting period and interim disclosures. The amendments are not expected to have
         any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

         Amendments to HKAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another
         currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when exchangeability is lacking.
         The amendments require disclosures of information that enable users of financial statements to understand the
         impact of a currency not being exchangeable. Earlier application is permitted. When applying the amendments,
         an entity cannot restate comparative information. Any cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments
         shall be recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits or to the cumulative amount of
         translation differences accumulated in a separate component of equity, where appropriate, at the date of initial
         application. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial
         statements.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023    281
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies
           Investments in associates and joint ventures
           An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of generally not less than 20% of the equity
           voting rights and over which it has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the
           financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.

           A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have
           rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an
           arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the
           parties sharing control.

           The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of financial
           position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses.
           Adjustments are made to bring into line any dissimilar accounting policies that may exist.

           The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates and joint
           ventures is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated other comprehensive income,
           respectively. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the associate or joint
           venture, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated statement of
           changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates
           or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates or joint ventures,
           except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill arising from
           the acquisition of associates or joint ventures is included as part of the Group’s investments in associates or joint
           ventures.

           If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest is not
           remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method. In all other case,
           upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the Group measures
           and recognises any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount of the
           associate or joint venture upon loss of significant influence or joint control and the fair value of the retained
           investment and proceeds from disposal is recognised in profit or loss.

           When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is classified as held for sale, it is accounted for in
           accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations.

           Business combinations and goodwill
           Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is measured
           at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets transferred by the
           Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by
           the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether to
           measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s
           identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-
           related costs are expensed as incurred.




282 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Business combinations and goodwill (Continued)
         The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets includes an
         input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.

         When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate
         classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent
         conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts of the
         acquiree.

         If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its
         acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

         Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date.
         Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair value
         recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and subsequent
         settlement is accounted for within equity.

         Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the
         amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interests
         in the acquiree over the identifiable net assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this consideration
         and other items is lower than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after reassessment,
         recognised in profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase.

         After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is tested
         for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value
         may be impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 31 December. For the purpose
         of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to
         each of the Group’s cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units, that are expected to benefit from
         the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to
         those units or groups of units.

         Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-
         generating units) to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group
         of cash-generating units) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. An impairment loss
         recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.

         Where goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) and part of the
         operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the
         carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill disposed of in
         these circumstances is measured based on the relative value of the operation disposed of and the portion of the
         cash-generating unit retained.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   283
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Fair value measurement
           The Group measures its certain equity investments, debt investments, certain financial assets and financial
           liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss at fair value at the end of each
           reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
           orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based
           on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal
           market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the
           asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value
           of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the
           asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

           A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate
           economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that
           would use the asset in its highest and best use.

           The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are
           available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of
           unobservable inputs.

           All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised
           within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
           value measurement as a whole:

           Level 1   —    based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

           Level 2   —    based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                          measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly

           Level 3   —    based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                          measurement is unobservable

           For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines
           whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based on the
           lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting
           period.




284 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Impairment of non-financial assets
         Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for non-financial asset is required
         (other than inventories, contract assets, deferred tax assets, investment properties and non-current assets/a
         disposal group classified as held for sale), the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable
         amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal,
         and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely
         independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined
         for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

         In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a
         headquarters building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if it can be allocated on a reasonable and
         consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of cash-generating units.

         An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In
         assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
         discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
         asset. An impairment loss is charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those
         expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.

         An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously
         recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the
         recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is
         reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset,
         but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any
         depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such
         an impairment loss is credited to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   285
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Related parties
           A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

           (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

                 (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

                 (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                 (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

           or

           (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

                 (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

                 (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow
                         subsidiary of the other entity);

                 (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

                 (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

                 (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an
                         entity related to the Group;

                 (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

                 (vii)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                         management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

                 (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                        services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.




286 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
         Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated
         depreciation and any impairment losses. When an item of property, plant and equipment is classified as held for
         sale or when it is part of a disposal group classified as held for sale, it is not depreciated and is accounted for in
         accordance with HKFRS 5. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and
         any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

         Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs
         and maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In
         situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the
         carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are
         required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives
         and depreciates them accordingly.

         Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and
         equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose are
         as follows:

         Freehold land                                                                                         Not depreciated
         Buildings                                                                                           2.00% to 10.00%
         Plant and machinery                                                                                 5.63% to 33.33%
         Medical devices                                                                                     9.50% to 20.00%
         Office equipment                                                                                    6.00% to 50.00%
         Motor vehicles                                                                                      9.00% to 33.33%
         Leasehold improvements                                                                             10.00% to 20.00%

         Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is
         allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful
         lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

         An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon
         disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal
         or retirement recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference
         between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.

         Construction in progress is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. It is reclassified to the
         appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023    287
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale
           Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amounts will be recovered
           principally through a sales transaction rather than through continuing use. For this to be the case,the asset or
           disposal group must be available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are usual
           and customary for the sale of such assets or disposal groups and its sale must be highly probable. All assets and
           liabilities of a subsidiary classified as a disposal group are reclassified as held for sale regardless of whether the
           Group retains a non-controlling interest in its former subsidiary after the sale.

           Non-current assets and disposal groups (other than investment properties and financial assets) classified as held
           for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amounts and fair values less costs to sell. Property, plant and
           equipment and intangible assets classified as held for sale are not depreciated or amortised.

           Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
           Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets
           acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of intangible assets
           are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over the
           useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be
           impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are
           reviewed at least at each financial year end.

           Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually or at the cash-
           generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful life of an intangible asset with an
           indefinite life is reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life assessment continues to be
           supportable. If not, the change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for on a
           prospective basis.

           Trademarks
           Trademarks with finite useful lives are measured initially at cost and are amortised on the straight-line basis over
           the respective estimated useful lives. Trademarks with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually
           either individually or at the cash-generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful lives of
           trademarks are reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life assessment continues to be
           supportable. If not, the change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for on a
           prospective basis.

           Medicine licences, technical know-how and operating concession rights
           Medicine licences and technical know-how with finite useful lives are measured initially at cost and are amortised
           on the straight-line basis over the respective estimated useful lives. Medicine licences, technical know-how and
           operating concession rights with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually or at
           the cash-generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful lives of medicine licences,
           technical know-how and operating concession rights are reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite
           life assessment continues to be supportable. If not, the change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to
           finite is accounted for on a prospective basis.




288 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Intangible assets (other than goodwill) (Continued)
         Patents
         Patents with finite useful lives are measured initially at cost and are amortised on the straight-line basis over the
         respective estimated useful lives. Patents with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either
         individually or at the cash-generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful lives of
         patents are reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life assessment continues to be supportable. If
         not, the change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for on a prospective basis.

         Office software
         Purchased office software is stated at cost less any impairment losses and is amortised on the straight-line basis
         over the estimated useful life of 2 to 10 years.

         Business networks
         Business networks are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the straight-line basis over
         the respective estimated useful lives.

         Research and development costs
         All research costs are charged to the statement of profit or loss as incurred.

         Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when the Group can
         demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale,
         its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future economic
         benefits, the availability of resources to complete the project and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure
         during the development. Product development expenditure which does not meet these criteria is expensed when
         incurred.

         Deferred development costs are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised using the straight-line
         basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products, commencing from the date when the products are put
         into commercial production.

         Leases
         The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a
         lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
         consideration.

         Group as a lessee
         The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and
         leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets
         representing the right to use the underlying assets.

         At inception or on reassessment of a contract that contains a lease component and non-lease component(s), the
         Group adopts the practical expedient not to separate non-lease component(s) and to account for the lease
         component and the associated non-lease component(s) (e.g., property management services for leases of
         properties) as a single lease component.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   289
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Leases (Continued)
           Group as a lessee (Continued)
           (a) Right-of-use assets
                Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the underlying
                asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less accumulated depreciation and any
                impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets
                includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at
                or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on
                a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets as
                follows:

                 Buildings                                                                                      2 to 20 years
                 Plant and machinery                                                                            5 to 10 years
                 Motor vehicles                                                                                       3 years
                 Prepaid land lease payments                                                                   20 to 50 years

                 If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the
                 exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.

           (b)   Lease liabilities
                 Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease
                 payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-
                 substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an
                 index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also
                 include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and
                 payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option
                 to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised
                 as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

                 In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the
                 lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After
                 the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and
                 reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if
                 there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future
                 lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to
                 purchase the underlying asset.

           (c)   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
                 The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery and
                 equipment (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date
                 and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the recognition exemption for leases of low-value
                 assets to leases of office equipment and laptop computers that are considered to be of low value.

                 Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as an expense on a
                 straight-line basis over the lease term.




290 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Leases (Continued)
         Group as a lessor
         When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification) each of its
         leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

         Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an
         asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group
         allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental
         income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms and is included in revenue in the statement
         of profit or loss due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating
         lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis
         as rental income. Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

         Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the
         lessee, are accounted for as finance leases.

         Investments and other financial assets
         Initial recognition and measurement
         Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through
         other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

         The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
         characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that
         do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient of
         not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its
         fair value, plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade
         receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the
         practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS 15 in accordance with the
         policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.

         In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other
         comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”)
         on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and
         measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

         The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to
         generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual
         cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are held
         within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while
         financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a
         business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets
         which are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through
         profit or loss.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023    291
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
           Initial recognition and measurement (Continued)
           Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by
           regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the Group
           commits to purchase or sell the asset.

           Subsequent measurement
           The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

           Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
           Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are subject
           to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is derecognised,
           modified or impaired.

           Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)
           For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign exchange
           revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognised in the statement of profit or loss and computed in
           the same manner as for financial assets measured at amortised cost. The remaining fair value changes are
           recognised in other comprehensive income. Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognised in
           other comprehensive income is recycled to the statement of profit or loss.

           Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity investments)
           Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity investments
           designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the definition of equity under
           HKAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The classification is determined on an
           instrument-by-instrument basis.

           Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss. Dividends are
           recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established,
           except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in
           which case, such gains are recorded in other comprehensive income. Equity investments designated at fair value
           through other comprehensive income are not subject to impairment assessment.




292 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
         Subsequent measurement (Continued)
         Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
         Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value
         with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

         This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected
         to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on the equity investments are also
         recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established.

         A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated from the
         host and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to
         the host; a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition of a
         derivative; and the hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss. Embedded derivatives are
         measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss. Reassessment only
         occurs if there is either a change in the terms of the contract that significantly modifies the cash flows that would
         otherwise be required or a reclassification of a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss category.

         A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for separately.
         The financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in its entirety as a
         financial asset at fair value through profit or loss.

         Derecognition of financial assets
         A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is
         primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:

         •     the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

         •     the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to
               pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through”
               arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or
               (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but
               has transferred control of the asset.

         When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through
         arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset.
         When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred
         control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s
         continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and
         the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has
         retained.

         Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of
         the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be
         required to repay.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023    293
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Impairment of financial assets
           The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at fair
           value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in
           accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an
           approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale
           of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

           General approach
           ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in
           credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are
           possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a
           significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected
           over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

           At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased
           significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default
           occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial
           instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is
           available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information. The Group considers
           that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30 days past
           due.

           The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 360 days past due. However, in
           certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information
           indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into
           account any credit enhancements held by the Group.

           For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, the Group applies the low credit risk
           simplification. At each reporting date, the Group evaluates whether the debt investments are considered to have
           low credit risk using all reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort. In
           making that evaluation, the Group reassesses the external credit ratings of the debt investments.

           A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.




294 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
         General approach (Continued)
         Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortised cost are
         subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following stages for
         measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and contract assets which apply the simplified approach as
         detailed below.

         Stage 1 —       Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition
                         and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs

         Stage 2 —       Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but
                         that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an
                         amount equal to lifetime ECLs

         Stage 3 —       Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or
                         originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                         lifetime ECLs

         Simplified approach
         For trade and bills receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group applies
         the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies the
         simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in
         credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has
         established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking
         factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

         For trade and bills receivables and contract assets that contain a significant financing component and lease
         receivables, the Group chooses as its accounting policy to adopt the simplified approach in calculating ECLs with
         policies as described above.

         Financial liabilities
         Initial recognition and measurement
         Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss,
         loans and borrowings, payables, as appropriate.

         All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables,
         net of directly attributable transaction costs.

         The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and bills payables, other payables and accruals, derivative financial
         instruments and interest-bearing bank and other borrowings.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023     295
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Financial liabilities (Continued)
           Subsequent measurement
           The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

           Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
           Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial
           liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.

           Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing in the near
           term. This category also includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Group that are not
           designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined by HKFRS 9. Separated embedded
           derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments.
           Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the statement of profit or loss. The net fair value
           gain or loss recognised in the statement of profit or loss does not include any interest charged on these financial
           liabilities.

           Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss are designated at the
           initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in HKFRS 9 are satisfied. Gains or losses on liabilities designated
           at fair value through profit or loss are recognised in the statement of profit or loss, except for the gains or losses
           arising from the Group’s own credit risk which are presented in other comprehensive income with no subsequent
           reclassification to the statement of profit or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognised in the statement of
           profit or loss does not include any interest charged on these financial liabilities.

           Financial liabilities at amortised cost (trade and other payables, and borrowings)
           After initial recognition, trade and other payables, and interest-bearing borrowings are subsequently measured at
           amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in
           which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the
           liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.

           Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that
           are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance
           costs in the statement of profit or loss.

           Derecognition of financial liabilities
           A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.

           When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or
           the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a
           derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the
           respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.




296 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Offsetting of financial instruments
         Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial
         position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention
         to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

         Derivative financial instruments
         Initial recognition and subsequent measurement
         The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward carrying contracts and interest rate swaps, to
         hedge its foreign currency risk and interest rate risk, respectively. Such derivative financial instruments are initially
         recognised at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently
         remeasured at fair value. Derivatives are carried as assets when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the
         fair value is negative.

         The fair value of commodity purchase contracts that meet the definition of a derivative as defined by HKFRS 9 is
         recognised in the statement of profit or loss as cost of sales. Commodity contracts that are entered into and
         continue to be held for the purpose of the receipt or delivery of a non-financial item in accordance with the
         Group’s expected purchase, sale or usage requirements are held at cost.

         Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value of derivatives are taken directly to the statement of profit or
         loss, except for the effective portion of cash flow hedges, which is recognised in other comprehensive income
         and later reclassified to profit or loss when the hedged item affects profit or loss.

         Treasury shares
         Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (treasury shares) are
         recognised directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognised in the statement of profit or loss on the
         purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Group’s own equity instruments.

         Inventories
         Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the weighted average
         basis and, in the case of work in progress and finished goods, comprises direct materials, direct labour and an
         appropriate proportion of overheads. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated
         costs to be incurred to completion and disposal.

         Cost of inventories includes the transfer from equity of gains and losses on qualifying cash flow hedges in respect
         of the purchases of raw materials.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023    297
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Cash and cash equivalents
           Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at banks, and short-
           term highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily convertible into
           known amounts of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and held for the purpose of meeting
           short-term cash commitments.

           For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and bank equivalents comprise cash on hand
           and at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand
           and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.

           Provisions
           A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past event
           and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that a
           reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

           When the Group expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, for example, under an insurance contract,
           the reimbursement is recognised as a separate asset, but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain. The
           expense relating to a provision is presented in the statement of profit or loss net of any reimbursement.

           When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at the end
           of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. The increase in
           the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs in the
           statement of profit or loss.

           The Group provides for warranties in relation to the sale of certain medical devices and the provision of services
           for general repairs of defects occurring during the warranty period. Provisions for these assurance-type warranties
           granted by the Group are initially recognised based on sales volume and past experience of the level of repairs
           and returns, discounted to their present values as appropriate. The warranty-related cost is revised annually.

           A contingent liability recognised in a business combination is initially measured at its fair value. Subsequently, it is
           measured at the higher of (i) the amount that would be recognised in accordance with the general policy for
           provisions above and (ii) the amount initially recognised less, when appropriate, the amount of income recognised
           in accordance with the policy for revenue recognition.




298 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Income tax
         Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is
         recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

         Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the
         taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end
         of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries or areas
         in which the Group operates.

         Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting
         period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

         Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

         •     when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a
               transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
               accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary
               differences; and

         •     in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
               ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable
               that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

         Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax
         credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable
         profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax
         credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

         •     when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial
               recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the
               transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal
               taxable and deductible temporary differences; and

         •     in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and
               joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary
               differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the
               temporary differences can be utilised.

         The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
         extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the
         deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting
         period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available
         to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   299
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Income tax (Continued)
           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the
           asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
           enacted by the end of the reporting period.

           Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right to
           set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to
           income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities
           which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the
           liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are
           expected to be settled or recovered.

           Government grants
           Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be
           received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is
           recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to
           compensate, are expensed.

           Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and is released to the
           statement of profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal annual instalments or
           deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and released to the statement of profit or loss by way of a
           reduced depreciation charge.

           Revenue recognition
           Revenue from contracts with customers
           Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the
           customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for
           those goods or services.

           When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to
           which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The variable
           consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant
           revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty
           with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

           When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of
           financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the
           present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate
           financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a
           financing component which provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year,
           revenue recognised under the contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the
           effective interest method. For a contract where the period between the payment by the customer and the
           transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects
           of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.




300 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Revenue recognition (Continued)
         Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
         (a) Sale of industrial products
             Revenue from the sale of industrial products is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is
             transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of the industrial products.

         (b)   Healthcare services, technology transfer services and consigned processing services
               Revenue from rendering healthcare services, technology transfer services and consigned processing services
               is recognised at the point in time when the services were completed. As the customers can not control the
               service or consume the benefit and have no obligation to pay until each service completed and accepted.

         (c)   Rendering of technical consultancy services and maintenance services
               Revenue from rendering technical consultancy services and maintenance services is recognised over time, as
               the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use and the Group has an
               enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

         (d)   License
               The Group grant commercialisation licenses or intellectual property licenses (collectively, the “License”) of
               certain products. The License are either sold separately or bundled together with research and development
               service to one customer.

               Contracts for bundled License and research and development service are comprised of two performance
               obligations because the promises to transfer the License and provide research and development service are
               capable of being distinct and separately identifiable. Accordingly, the transaction price is allocated based on
               the relative stand-alone selling prices of the License and research and development services.

         Revenue from other sources
         Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms. Variable lease payments that do not
         depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are incurred.

         Other income
         Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that
         exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter
         period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

         Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established, it is
         probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the
         dividend can be measured reliably.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   301
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Contract assets
           If the Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before being unconditionally entitled to the
           consideration under the contract terms, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that is
           conditional. Contract assets are subject to impairment assessment, details of which are included in the accounting
           policies for impairment of financial assets. They are reclassified to trade receivables when the right to the
           consideration becomes unconditional.

           Contract liabilities
           A contract liability is recognised when a payment is made received or the a payment is due (whichever is earlier)
           from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as
           revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to
           the customer).

           Contract costs
           Other than the costs which are capitalised as inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets,
           costs incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the following criteria are met:

           (a)   The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically identify.

           (b)   The costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to
                 satisfy) performance obligations in the future.

           (c)   The costs are expected to be recovered.

           The capitalised contract costs are amortised and charged to the statement of profit or loss on a systematic basis
           that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset relates. Other
           contract costs are expensed as incurred.




302 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Share-based payments
         The Company operates a share incentive scheme. Employees (including directors) of the Group receive
         remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services in exchange for equity
         instruments (“equity-settled transactions”). The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees is measured by
         reference to the fair value at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external
         valuer using a binomial model, further details of which are given in note 45 to the financial statements.

         The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in employee benefit expense, together with a corresponding
         increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled. The cumulative
         expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting period until the vesting date
         reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity
         instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to the statement of profit or loss for a period represents
         the movement in the cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end of the period.

         Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date fair
         value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s best estimate of
         the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions are reflected within
         the grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but without an associated service
         requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair value of
         an award and lead to an immediate expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or performance
         conditions.

         For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have not been
         met, no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the transactions are
         treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other
         performance or service conditions are satisfied.

         Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as if the terms
         had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense is recognised for any
         modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is otherwise beneficial to the
         employee as measured at the date of modification. Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it
         had vested on the date of cancellation, and any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised
         immediately.

         This includes any award where non-vesting conditions within the control of either the Group or the employee are
         not met. However, if a new award is substituted for the cancelled award, and is designated as a replacement
         award on the date that it is granted, the cancelled and new awards are treated as if they were a modification of
         the original award, as described in the previous paragraph.

         The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of earnings
         per share.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   303
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Other employee benefits
           Retirement benefits
           The full-time employees of the Group in the PRC are covered by various government-regulated defined
           contribution retirement benefit schemes under which the employees are entitled to a monthly pension. The
           Group contributes a percentage of the employees’ salaries to these retirement benefit schemes on a monthly
           basis. Under these schemes, the Group has no legal obligation for retirement benefits beyond the contributions
           made. Contributions to these schemes are expensed as incurred.

           Accommodation benefits
           According to the relevant PRC rules and regulations, the PRC companies now comprising the Group and their
           employees are each required to make contributions which are in proportion to the salaries and wages of the
           employees to an accommodation fund administered by government agencies in the PRC. There is no further
           obligation on the part of the Group except for such contributions to the accommodation fund. Contributions to
           an accommodation fund administered by government agencies are charged to the statement of profit or loss as
           and when they are incurred.

           Termination benefits
           Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those
           benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination benefits.

           Borrowing costs
           Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, i.e., assets
           that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are capitalised as part
           of the cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases when the assets are substantially
           ready for their intended use or sale. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are
           incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the
           borrowing of funds.

           Where funds have been borrowed generally, and used for the purpose of obtaining qualifying assets, a
           capitalisation rate ranging between 2.54% and 3.92% has been applied to the expenditure on the individual
           assets.

           Dividends
           Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting.
           Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.




304 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Foreign currencies
         These financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company’s functional currency. Each entity in the
         Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are
         measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are
         initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
         Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency rates of
         exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary
         items are recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

         Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in the statement of profit or loss
         with the exception of monetary items that are designated as part of the hedge of the Group’s net investment of
         a foreign operation. These are recognised in other comprehensive income until the net investment is disposed of,
         at which time the cumulative amount is reclassified to the statement of profit or loss. Tax charges and credits
         attributable to exchange differences on those monetary items are also recorded in other comprehensive income.

         Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
         exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign
         currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss
         arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the
         gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or
         loss is recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive
         income or profit or loss, respectively).

         In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the
         derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date of
         initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-monetary
         liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group
         determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.

         The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries are currencies other than RMB. As at the end of the
         reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing
         at the end of the reporting period and their statements of profit or loss are translated into RMB at the weighted
         average exchange rates for the year.

         The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
         exchange fluctuation reserve, except to the extent that the differences are attributable to non-controlling
         interests. On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount in the reserve relating to that particular
         foreign operation is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023    305
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


2.	ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Foreign currencies (Continued)
           Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying
           amounts of assets and liabilities arising on acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation
           and translated at the closing rate.

           For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are translated
           into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash flows of overseas
           subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange rates for
           the year.

3.	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

     The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and
     assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their accompanying
     disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result
     in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the
     future.

     Judgements
     In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart
     from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial
     statements:

     Classification of financial assets
     The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the Group’s business model for managing the
     financial assets and the financial assets’ contractual cash flow characteristics: (1) management needs to make significant
     judgement when assessing its business model, including but is not limited to (a) how the performance of the business
     model and the financial assets held within that business model are evaluated and reported to the entity’s key
     management personnel; (b) the risks that affect the performance of the business model and the financial assets held
     within that business model and, in particular, the way in which those risks are managed; and (c) how managers of the
     business are compensated. In determining whether cash flows are going to be realised by collecting the financial assets’
     contractual cash flows, management needs to consider the reasons for the sales, timing of sales, frequency and value in
     prior periods; and (2) management needs to make significant judgement on whether the contractual cash flows are
     solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, such as whether contractual cash flows
     could be significantly different from the benchmark cash flows involves judgement when assessing a modified time
     value of a money element, and whether the fair value of prepayment features is insignificant also requires judgement
     when assessing the financial assets with prepayment features.




306 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


3.	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

    Judgements (Continued)
    Determining the method to estimate variable consideration
    Certain contracts include variable consideration based on the future events. In estimating the variable consideration,
    the Group is required to use either the expected value method or the most likely amount method based on which
    method better predicts the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled.

    Given that the payments of certain variable consideration are not within the control of the Group, such as regulatory
    approvals, relevant consideration is not considered until relevant approvals are obtained. The Group determines that
    the most likely amount method is the appropriate method to estimate the variable consideration. When it is highly
    probable that the income corresponding to the relevant consideration will not be significantly reversed, the uncertainty
    of the variable consideration is eliminated and the variable consideration will be included in the transaction price. At the
    end of each reporting period, the Group will re-evaluate the probability of the payment of the variable consideration,
    and if necessary, adjust the estimation of the overall transaction price.

    Estimation uncertainty
    The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting
    period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
    within the next financial year, are described below:

    Impairment of goodwill
    The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an estimation of the value
    in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value in use requires the Group to
    make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the cash-generating units and also to choose a suitable
    discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The carrying amount of goodwill at 31
    December 2023 was RMB10,851,999,000 (2022: RMB10,337,053,000). Further details are given in note 17 to the
    financial statements.

    Provision for expected credit losses on trade and bills receivables and contract assets
    The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade and bills receivables and contract assets. The provision
    rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns (i.e., by
    geography, product type, customer type and rating, and coverage by letters of credit and other forms of credit
    insurance).

    The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate the
    matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For instance, if forecast economic
    conditions (i.e., gross domestic products) are expected to deteriorate over the next year which can lead to an increased
    number of defaults in the manufacturing sector, the historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the
    historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.

    The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is a
    significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast economic conditions. The
    Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of
    customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Group’s trade and bill receivables cost is
    disclosed in note 26 to the financial statements, respectively.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   307
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


3.	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

     Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     Leases — Estimating the incremental borrowing rate
     The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an incremental borrowing
     rate (“IBR”) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow over
     a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use
     asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the Group “would have to pay”, which
     requires estimation when no observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into financing
     transactions) or when it needs to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease (for example, when leases
     are not in the subsidiary’s functional currency). The Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market
     interest rates) when available and is required to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the subsidiary’s stand-
     alone credit rating).

     Impairment of non-financial assets (other than goodwill)
     The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets at the end of each
     reporting period. Indefinite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually and at other times when such an
     indicator exists. Other non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying
     amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or a cash-generating unit
     exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The
     calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data from binding sales transactions in an arm’s
     length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing of the asset. When
     value in use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate the expected future cash flows from the asset or
     cash-generating unit and choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows.

     Net realisable value of inventories
     Net realisable value of inventories is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated cost to
     be incurred to completion and sale. These estimates are based on the current market condition and the historical
     experience of selling products of a similar nature. It could change significantly as a result of changes in customers’
     needs and prices change when the products’ expiration date is approaching. Management reassesses these estimates at
     the end of the reporting period.

     Fair value of unlisted equity investments
     The unlisted equity investments have been valued based on a market-based valuation technique as detailed in note 51
     to the financial statements. The valuation requires the Group to determine the comparable public companies (peers)
     and select the price multiple. In addition, the Group makes estimates about the discount for illiquidity and size
     differences. The Group classifies the fair value of these investments as Level 3. The fair value of the unlisted equity
     investments at 31 December 2023 was RMB1,637,244,000 (2022: RMB1,911,199,000). Further details are included in
     note 29 to the financial statements.




308 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


3.	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

    Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
    Valuation of the identifiable assets and liabilities through business combinations and the recognised
    corresponding goodwill
    The Group completed certain business combinations during the year. The purchase prices are allocated between the
    fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed which result in the recognition of goodwill.
    Management, assisted by the external appraisers, evaluated the fair values of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
    assumed and completed the purchase price allocation. The fair value determination in the accounting for business
    combinations relied on significant management estimation in respect of fair value assessments.

    Useful lives of property, plant and equipment
    The Group determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation charges for its property, plant and equipment.
    This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of property, plant and equipment of similar
    nature and functions. It could change significantly as a result of technical innovations, or competitor actions in response
    to severe industry cycles. Management will increase the depreciation charge where useful lives are less than previously
    estimated lives, or it will write off or write down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned
    or sold.

    Useful lives of intangible assets (other than goodwill)
    The Group determines the estimated useful lives for its intangible assets. This estimate is based on the historical
    experience of the actual useful lives of intangible assets of similar nature and functions. It could change significantly as
    a result of technical innovations, or competitor actions in response to severe industry cycles. Management will increase
    the amortisation charge where useful lives are less than previously estimated lives, or it will write off or write down
    technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold.

    Deferred tax assets
    Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and carryforward of unused tax credits and
    unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which the deductible
    temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised. Significant
    management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based
    upon the likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies. Unrecognised
    deductible temporary differences and tax losses are set out in note 22 to the financial statements.

    Development costs
    Development costs are capitalised in accordance with the accounting policy for research and development costs in note
    2.4 to the financial statements. Determining the amounts to be capitalised requires management to make assumptions
    regarding to future economic benefits.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   309
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

     For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their products and services and has five
     reportable operating segments as follows:

     (a)   the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment mainly engages in the production, sale and R&D of medicine;

     (b)   the medical devices and medical diagnosis segment mainly engages in the production and sale of medical devices
           and diagnostic products;

     (c)   the healthcare service segment mainly engages in the provision of healthcare service and hospital management;

     (d)   the pharmaceutical distribution and retail segment mainly engages in the retail and wholesale of medicine; and

     (e)   the other business operations segment comprises businesses other than those mentioned above.

     Management monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments separately for the purpose of making decisions
     about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on reportable
     segment profit or loss, which is a measure of adjusted profit or loss after tax. The adjusted profit or loss after tax is
     measured consistently with the Group’s profit or loss after tax except that fair value gain or loss on financial assets at
     fair value through profit or loss, as well as head office and investment management entities income and expenses are
     excluded from such measurement.

     Intersegment revenues are eliminated on consolidation. Intersegment sales and transfers are transacted with reference
     to the selling prices used for sales made to third parties at the then prevailing market prices.

     Segment assets exclude financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, equity investments designated at fair value
     through other comprehensive income and unallocated head office and investment management entities assets as these
     assets are managed on a group basis.

     Segment liabilities exclude interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, interest payable and unallocated head office
     and investment management entities liabilities as these liabilities are managed on a group basis.




310 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     Year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                     Medical
                                                                     devices            Pharmaceutical                  Other
                                                  Pharmaceutical and medical Healthcare    distribution               business
                                                  manufacturing    diagnosis    Service      and retail             operations Eliminations           Total
                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000   RMB’000         RMB’000                 RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000

     Segment revenue:
       Sales to external customers                    30,080,246       4,386,495    6,667,137                 —        114,627             —       41,248,505
       Intersegment sales                                470,731          54,063       42,866                 —         35,726       (603,386)             —

     Total segment revenue                            30,550,977       4,440,558    6,710,003                 —        150,353       (603,386)     41,248,505

     Segment results*                                   2,133,620       (126,443)     (200,661)               —        (80,398)      (119,758)      1,606,360
     Other income                                         342,065         56,167        49,453                —         49,415             —          497,100
     Other gains                                          329,170             56        23,039                —        149,667             —          501,932
     Interest income                                      235,169         30,611        24,260                —          2,615        (23,896)        268,759
     Finance costs                                       (254,032)       (34,398)     (245,598)               —        (44,186)       133,272        (444,942)
     Other expenses/Impairment losses on
        financial assets                                 (288,780)       (93,932)      (65,354)               —          (1,002)         1,173       (447,895)
     Share of profits and losses of:
       Joint ventures                                    (209,238)           —          (1,376)              —           8,584              —        (202,030)
       Associates                                          27,365       128,527          1,427        2,242,195        (12,635)             —       2,386,879
     Unallocated other income, interest income,
       other gains, finance cost, and expenses                                                                                                       (889,255)

     Profit/(loss) before tax                           2,315,339        (39,412)     (414,810)       2,242,195         72,060          (9,209)     3,276,908
     Tax                                                 (341,571)         6,666       (25,005)              —          (6,189)             —        (366,099)
     Unallocated tax                                                                                                                                   (3,405)

     Profit/(loss) for the year                         1,973,768        (32,746)     (439,815)       2,242,195         65,871          (9,209)     2,907,404

     Segment assets                                   60,228,777     10,328,867 15,575,622           18,972,525      5,096,173      (2,997,488) 107,204,476
       Including:
           Investments in joint ventures                  67,249             —             —                 —          11,661              —          78,910
           Investments in associates                     505,797      1,483,895       688,591        18,972,525      2,151,305              —      23,802,113
     Unallocated assets                                                                                                                             6,226,751

     Total assets                                                                                                                                 113,431,227

     Segment liabilities                              24,081,873      2,672,929     7,609,566                 —      2,077,696     (13,666,779)    22,775,285
     Unallocated liabilities                                                                                                                       34,078,057

     Total liabilities                                                                                                                             56,853,342

     Other segment information:
       Depreciation and amortisation                    2,186,643       369,461       532,164                 —        114,485              —       3,202,753
       Impairment losses recognised in
          the statement of profit or loss, net           224,224          82,804       53,055                 —              —              —        360,083
       Impairment losses recognised in
          the statement of profit or loss, net
          (unallocated)                                                                                                                                (8,414)
       Capital expenditure**                            4,470,575       551,519       602,539                 —        133,195              —       5,757,828

     *        Segment results are obtained as segment revenue less cost of sales, selling and distribution expenses and administrative expenses and research
              and development expenses.

     **       Capital expenditure consists of additions to property, plant and equipment, other intangible assets and prepaid land lease payments included in
              right-of-use assets (not including the addition from acquisitions of subsidiaries).




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023         311
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                        Medical
                                                                        devices                   Pharmaceutical         Other
                                                  Pharmaceutical    and medical     Healthcare       distribution      business
                                                  manufacturing       diagnosis        Service         and retail    operations    Eliminations          Total
                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

     Segment revenue:
       Sales to external customers                    30,693,258      6,932,915     6,075,538                 —        109,674              —       43,811,385
       Intersegment sales                                954,626        304,941        78,056                 —         45,868      (1,383,491)             —

     Total segment revenue                            31,647,884      7,237,856     6,153,594                 —        155,542      (1,383,491)     43,811,385

     Segment results*                                  3,794,758       521,179        (621,692)               —         (26,780)      (220,272)      3,447,193
     Other income                                        267,348        35,989          59,598                —          59,688              —         422,623
     Other gains                                         431,145       248,503          52,034                —        108,516              166        840,364
     Interest income                                     198,326        21,992          25,395                —             462         (14,275)       231,900
     Finance costs                                      (178,992)      (29,728)       (196,929)               —        (18,722)        113,528        (310,843)
     Other expenses/Impairment losses on
        financial assets                                (442,881)       (92,453)       (49,762)               —          8,367          (2,251)       (578,980)
     Share of profits and losses of:
       Joint ventures                                   (233,692)           —            2,153               —           (2,386)            —         (233,925)
       Associates                                         41,275       170,200         (33,971)       2,114,127       (222,560)             —        2,069,071
     Unallocated other income, interest income,
       other gains, finance cost, and expenses                                                                                                      (1,306,851)

     Profit/(loss) before tax                          3,877,287        875,682       (763,174)       2,114,127        (93,415)       (123,104)      4,580,552
     Tax                                                (458,062)      (104,704)       (28,403)              —         (24,851)             —         (616,020)
     Unallocated tax                                                                                                                                   (10,898)

     Profit/(loss) for the year                        3,419,225       770,978        (791,577)       2,114,127       (118,266)       (123,104)      3,953,634

     Segment assets                                  57,395,126     10,724,490     11,681,978        17,365,180      5,493,057      (3,375,456)     99,284,375
       Including:
           Investments in joint ventures                 224,933             —             —                 —           5,673              —          230,606
           Investments in associates                     887,888      1,366,687       677,140        17,365,180      2,566,554              —       22,863,449
     Unallocated assets                                                                                                                              7,828,815

     Total assets                                                                                                                                  107,113,190

     Segment liabilities                             25,229,301       3,740,579     5,791,506                 —      1,883,079     (17,390,381)     19,254,084
     Unallocated liabilities                                                                                                                        33,800,913

     Total liabilities                                                                                                                              53,054,997

     Other segment information:
       Depreciation and amortisation                   1,705,717       267,618        449,484                 —         73,512              —        2,496,331
       Impairment losses recognised in
          the statement of profit or loss, net           281,502         76,659        34,048                 —        (10,000)             —         382,209
       Impairment losses recognised in
          the statement of profit or loss, net
          (unallocated)                                                                                                                                 (44,352)
       Capital expenditure**                           4,633,126       507,330        530,989                 —        128,957              —        5,800,402

     *        Segment results are obtained as segment revenue less cost of sales, selling and distribution expenses and administrative expenses and research
              and development expenses.

     **       Capital expenditure consists of additions to property, plant and equipment, other intangible assets and prepaid land lease payments included in
              right-of-use assets (not including the addition from acquisitions of subsidiaries).




312 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     Geographical information
     (a)   Revenue from external customers
                                                                                                   2023               2022
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


           Chinese Mainland                                                                   30,877,890         29,873,128
           Regions outside Chinese Mainland and other countries                               10,370,615         13,938,257


           Total revenue                                                                      41,248,505         43,811,385


           The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.

     (b)   Non-current assets
                                                                                                   2023               2022
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


           Chinese Mainland                                                                   63,249,069         57,080,083
           Regions outside Chinese Mainland and other countries                               14,390,165         11,449,538


           Total non-current assets                                                           77,639,234         68,529,621


           The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes financial instruments
           and deferred tax assets.

     Information about major customers
     Revenue amounting to 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue was derived from sales to a single related party for
     the year ended 31 December 2023 of 16% (For the year ended 31 December 2022: 13%.).

5.	REVENUE

     An analysis of the Group’s revenue is as follows:

                                                                                                   2023               2022
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


     Revenue from contracts with customers                                                    41,185,904         43,778,775
     Revenue from other sources
       Gross rental income                                                                         62,601              32,610


     Total revenue                                                                            41,248,505         43,811,385




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   313
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


5.	REVENUE (Continued)

     Revenue from contracts with customers
     (i)   Disaggregated revenue information
           For the year ended 31 December 2023

                                                                          Medical devices                Pharmaceutical        Other
                                                         Pharmaceutical     and medical     Healthcare      distribution     business
           Segments                                      manufacturing         diagnosis       Service        and retail   operations      Total
                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000


           Types of goods or services

           Sale of medical products                          28,532,071        4,245,408       686,595               —        32,949    33,497,023
           Rendering of services and others                   1,517,980          127,270     5,976,603               —        33,450     7,655,303
           Sale of materials                                     22,320           11,258            —                —            —         33,578

           Total revenue from contracts with customers       30,072,371        4,383,936     6,663,198               —        66,399    41,185,904


           Geographical markets

           Chinese Mainland                                  22,629,786        1,466,935     6,654,040               —        64,528    30,815,289
           Regions outside Chinese Mainland and
             other countries                                  7,442,585        2,917,001         9,158               —          1,871   10,370,615

           Total revenue from contracts with customers       30,072,371        4,383,936     6,663,198               —        66,399    41,185,904


           Timing of revenue recognition

           Goods and materials transferred at
              a point in time                                28,554,391        4,256,666       686,595               —        32,949    33,530,601
           Services transferred at a point in time            1,205,727           34,162     5,976,603               —        33,450     7,249,942
           Services transferred over time                       312,253           93,108            —                —            —        405,361

           Total revenue from contracts with customers       30,072,371        4,383,936     6,663,198               —        66,399    41,185,904




314 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


5.	REVENUE (Continued)

    Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
    (i)   Disaggregated revenue information (Continued)
          For the year ended 31 December 2022

                                                                         Medical devices                Pharmaceutical        Other
                                                        Pharmaceutical     and medical     Healthcare      distribution     business
          Segments                                      manufacturing         diagnosis       Service        and retail   operations         Total
                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


          Types of goods or services

          Sale of medical products                         29,500,816        6,677,320       900,558                —        14,402     37,093,096
          Rendering of services and others                  1,176,715          241,850     5,170,891                —        71,616      6,661,072
          Sale of materials                                    11,782           12,825            —                 —            —          24,607

          Total revenue from contracts with customers      30,689,313        6,931,995     6,071,449                —        86,018     43,778,775


          Geographical markets

          Chinese Mainland                                 20,776,665        2,912,966     6,070,148                —        82,759     29,842,538
          Regions outside Chinese Mainland and
            other countries                                 9,912,648        4,019,029         1,301                —         3,259     13,936,237

          Total revenue from contracts with customers      30,689,313        6,931,995     6,071,449                —        86,018     43,778,775


          Timing of revenue recognition

          Goods and materials transferred at
             a point in time                               29,512,598        6,690,145       900,558                —        14,402     37,117,703
          Services transferred at a point in time             914,314          115,752     5,170,891                —        71,616      6,272,573
          Services transferred over time                      262,401          126,098            —                 —            —         388,499

          Total revenue from contracts with customers      30,689,313        6,931,995     6,071,449                —        86,018     43,778,775


          The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that were included
          in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period and recognised from performance obligations
          satisfied in previous periods:

                                                                                                                      2023                2022
                                                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000


          Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities
            as at the beginning of the reporting period:
            Advances from customers                                                                              1,493,312             1,115,327
            Warranty services                                                                                       51,450                38,531

          Total                                                                                                  1,544,762             1,153,858




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023     315
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


5.	REVENUE (Continued)

     Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
     (ii)   Performance obligations
            Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:

            Sale of goods
            The performance obligation is satisfied at the point when control of the asset is transferred to the customer.

            Rendering of services
            —   The performance obligation is recognized at the point in time when the service is provided.

            —       The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and payment is generally due
                    upon completion of installation and customer acceptance.

            The amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially
            unsatisfied) as at 31 December are as follows:

                                                                                                      2023               2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


            Amounts expected to be recognised as revenue:
             Within one year                                                                      1,200,496          1,544,763
             After one year                                                                         319,785            354,413


            Total                                                                                 1,520,281          1,899,176


            The amounts disclosed above do not include variable consideration which is constrained.

6.   OTHER INCOME

                                                                                                      2023               2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


     Dividend income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                      61,239             62,972
     Dividend income from equity investments at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                                                                       203                200
     Government grants                                                                              463,538            378,369
     Others                                                                                              —               5,785


     Total other income                                                                             524,980            447,326




316 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


7.	PROFIT BEFORE TAX

    The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                                    2023                   2022
                                                                                               Notes             RMB’000                RMB’000

    Cost of inventories sold                                                                                   16,189,857            18,400,615
    Cost of services provided                                                                                   5,405,452             4,769,075
    Staff costs (including directors’, supervisors’ and chief executive’s
      remuneration (note 10)):
      Salaries and other staff costs                                                                            9,322,174              8,498,401
      Retirement benefits:
         Defined contribution fund                                                                                 553,831               538,402
      Accommodation benefits:
         Defined contribution fund                                                                                 328,098               319,781
      Share-based payment expense                                                                                   35,898                54,483

                                                                                                               10,240,001              9,411,067

    Research and development expenses:
      Current year expenditure excluding amortisation of
        other intangible assets                                                                                 3,877,623              4,007,549
      Less: Government grants for R&D projects*                                                                   (56,687)               (90,433)

    Net current year expenditure                                                                                3,820,936              3,917,116

    Auditors’ remuneration                                                                                          4,660                  4,760
    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                               1,517,737              1,251,033
    Amortisation of other intangible assets                                                                     1,282,683                937,199
    Provision for impairment of property, plant and equipment                                    15                 2,408                  4,093
    Provision for impairment of inventories                                                                       121,339                 86,325
    Impairment losses on financial assets, net                                                                    131,927                 65,369
    Impairment of trade receivables, net                                                      23 & 26             110,362                 62,182
    Impairment of other trade receivables, net                                                  28                 21,565                  3,187
    Provision for impairment of goodwill                                                        17                     —                 180,000
    Provision for other intangible assets                                                       18                 21,592                  2,070
    Provision for impairment of investments in associates                                       20                 61,284                     —
    Provision for other non-current assets                                                                         13,119                     —
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                          16               318,258                259,373
    Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                                           113,749                 82,415
    Gain on disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                     8              (558,489)            (2,129,616)
    Gain on fair value change of other financial liabilities at fair value
      through profit or loss, net                                                                 8                (47,204)               (47,761)
    Loss on fair value change of financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss, net                                                                                  452,384             2,546,130
    Gain on disposal of interests in associates and joint ventures                                8               (710,599)                 (4,238)
    Foreign exchange gain, net                                                                                     (13,027)               (62,360)
    Loss/(gain) on disposal of subsidiaries                                                       8                  1,046              (351,840)
    Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment
      and other intangible assets                                                                                     (538)             (111,284)
    Donations                                                                                                       45,909                60,312


    *     The Group received various government grants related to research and development projects. The government grants received have been
          recorded in other income. Government grants received for which related expenditure has not yet been undertaken are included in deferred
          income in the consolidated statement of financial position. There are no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these grants.




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023       317
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


8.   OTHER GAINS

                                                                                    2023          2022
                                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000


     Gain on disposal of interests in associates and joint ventures               710,599         4,238
     Gain on disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    558,489     2,129,616
     Gain on fair value change of other financial liabilities at fair value
       through profit or loss, net                                                 47,204       47,761
     Foreign exchange gain, net                                                    13,027       62,360
     Gain on disposals of subsidiaries                                                 —       351,840
     Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment
       and other intangible assets                                                  5,564      125,602
     Others                                                                        57,124       35,460


     Total other gains                                                           1,392,007    2,756,877


9.	FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                    2023          2022
                                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000


     Interest on bank loans and other borrowings (excluding lease liabilities)   1,323,035     965,112
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                  50,920      44,459


     Subtotal                                                                    1,373,955    1,009,571
     Less: Interest capitalised (note 15)                                          (49,124)      (45,764)


     Total                                                                       1,324,831     963,807




318 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


10. DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION

    Directors’, supervisors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section
    383 (1) (a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of
    Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                                    2023               2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


    Fees                                                                                             1,568               1,200


    Other emoluments:
      Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                     12,181              11,301
      Performance related bonuses                                                                   35,939              39,246
      Pension scheme contributions                                                                     330                 298


    Subtotal                                                                                        48,450              50,845


    Total fees and other emoluments                                                                 50,018              52,045


    During the year, certain directors were granted share options, in respect of their services to the Group, under the
    Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme of the Company, further details of which are set out in note 45 to the financial
    statements. The fair value of the restricted shares, which has been recognised in the statement of profit or loss over the
    vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and the amount included in the financial statements for the
    current year.

    (a)    Independent non-executive directors
           The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

                                                                                                    2023               2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


           Ms. Li Ling                                                                                 392                300
           Mr. Tang Guliang                                                                            392                300
           Mr. Wang Quandi                                                                             392                300
           Mr. Yu Zishan                                                                               392                300


           Total                                                                                     1,568               1,200


           There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year (2022: Nil).




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   319
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


10. DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)

     (b)	Executive directors, non-executive directors, supervisors and the chief executive
                                                                                            Salaries,
                                                                                     allowances, and        Performance   Pension scheme           Total
                                                                             Fees    benefits in kind   related bonuses     contributions   remuneration
           2023                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000

           Executive directors
           Mr. Wu Yifang**                                                      —              3,137             8,940                63          12,140
           Mr. Wang Kexin                                                       —              2,914            12,268                63          15,245
           Ms Guan Xiaohui                                                      —              2,423             6,645                68           9,136
           Mr Wen Deyong*                                                       —              2,593             7,336                68           9,997

           Subtotal                                                             —             11,067            35,189               262          46,518
           Non-executive directors
           Mr. Chen Qiyu                                                        —                 —                  —                —                —
           Mr. Yao Fang                                                         —                 —                  —                —                —
           Mr. Pan Donghui                                                      —                 —                  —                —                —
           Mr. Xu Xiaoliang                                                     —                 —                  —                —                —

           Subtotal                                                             —                 —                  —                 —               —
           Supervisors
           Ms. Ren Qian                                                         —              1,114               750                68            1,932
           Mr. Guan Yimin                                                       —                 —                 —                 —                —
           Mr. Cao Genxing                                                      —                 —                 —                 —                —

           Subtotal                                                             —              1,114               750                68            1,932
           Total                                                                —             12,181            35,939               330          48,450

           2022
           Executive directors
           Mr. Wu Yifang**                                                      —              3,055             9,563                55          12,673
           Mr. Wang Kexin                                                       —              2,660            16,774                57          19,491
           Ms Guan Xiaohui                                                      —              2,269             6,368                62           8,699
           Mr Wen Deyong*                                                       —              2,233             5,649                62           7,944

           Subtotal                                                             —             10,217            38,354               236          48,807
           Non-executive directors
           Mr. Chen Qiyu                                                        —                 —                  —                 —               —
           Mr. Yao Fang                                                         —                 —                  —                 —               —
           Mr. Pan Donghui                                                      —                 —                  —                 —               —
           Mr. Xu Xiaoliang                                                     —                 —                  —                 —               —

           Subtotal                                                             —                 —                  —                 —               —
           Supervisors
           Ms. Ren Qian                                                         —              1,084               892                62            2,038
           Mr. Guan Yimin                                                       —                 —                 —                 —                —
           Mr. Cao Genxing                                                      —                 —                 —                 —                —

           Subtotal                                                             —              1,084               892                62            2,038
           Total                                                                —             11,301            39,246               298          50,845



           *          Mr. Wen Deyong was elected as Chief Executive of the Company in June 2022, and also elected as an executive director of the Company
                      in August 2022.

           **         Mr. Wu Yifang retired as Chief Executive of the Company in June 2022.


           There was no arrangement under which a director, a supervisor or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive
           any remuneration during the year (2022: Nil).




320 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


11.	FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

    The five highest paid employees during the year included four directors and the chief executive (2022: three directors
    and the chief executive), details of whose remuneration are set out in note 10 above. Details of the remuneration for
    the year of the remaining one (2022: two) highest paid employees who are not a director, supervisor, or the chief
    executive of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                                    2023               2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


    Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                        4,734              3,130
    Performance related bonuses                                                                      6,896             23,080
    Pension scheme contributions                                                                        —                 165


    Total                                                                                          11,630              26,375


    The number of non-director, non-supervisor and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell
    within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                                Number of employees
                                                                                                   2023            2022


    HKD8,500,001 to HKD9,000,000                                                                        —                  1
    HKD12,500,001 to HKD13,000,000                                                                      1                  —
    HKD19,000,001 to HKD19,500,000                                                                      —                  1


    Total                                                                                                1                  2


12. INCOME TAX

    The provision for Mainland China current income tax is based on a statutory rate of 25% of the assessable profits of
    the Group as determined in accordance with the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law which was approved and became
    effective on 1 January 2008, except for certain subsidiaries of the Group in Mainland China, which are taxed at
    preferential rates of 0% to 20%.

    Taxes on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the tax rates prevailing in the jurisdictions in which the
    Group operates. Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% on the estimated taxable profits arising
    in Hong Kong during the year. The provision of current income tax of Sisram Medical Ltd (“Sisram Medical”), a
    subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Israel, is based on a preferential rate of 6%. The provision of current income
    tax of Nova Medical Israel Ltd. (“Nova”), a subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Israel, is based on a statutory rate
    of 23%. The provision of current tax of Gland Pharma Limited (“Gland Pharma”), a subsidiary of the Company
    incorporated in India, was based on a statutory rate of 25.17%. The provision of current tax of Breas Medical Holdings
    AB (“Breas”), a subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Sweden, is based on a statutory rate of 20.6%. The
    provision of current tax of Tridem Pharma S.A.S (“Tridem Pharma”), a subsidiary of the Company incorporated in
    France, is based on a statutory rate of 25.83%. The provision of current income tax of Phixen SAS, a subsidiary of the
    Company incorporated in France, is based on a statutory rate of 25.83%.



                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   321
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


12. INCOME TAX (Continued)

                                                                                                    2023               2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


     Current                                                                                      529,206            815,416
     Deferred (note 22)                                                                          (159,702)          (188,498)


     Total tax charge for the year                                                                369,504            626,918


     A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory tax rates for the countries in which
     the company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax expense at the effective tax rates, and a
     reconciliation of the applicable rates (i.e., the statutory tax rates) to the effective tax rates, are as follows:

     2023

                                                                                                  Regions
                                                                                                   outside
                                                                                                  Chinese
                                                                                                Mainland
                                                                               Chinese          and other
                                                                              Mainland           countries            Total
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000


     Profit before tax                                                        2,651,812           625,096          3,276,908

     Tax at the statutory tax rate                                              670,301           141,503            811,804
     Lower tax rates for certain entities                                      (205,262)          (46,965)          (252,227)
     Adjustments in respect of current tax of previous years                      1,015            (4,700)            (3,685)
     Profit attributable to joint ventures and associates                      (405,517)           (1,862)          (407,379)
     Income not subject to tax                                                  (95,006)          (95,425)          (190,431)
     Expenses not deductible for tax                                            141,478            21,153            162,631
     Influence of the change of tax rate on the deferred
        income tax balance                                                       (5,105)               —              (5,105)
     Tax losses utilised from previous periods                                 (258,445)          (10,932)          (269,377)
     Tax incentives on eligible expenditures                                   (429,079)               —            (429,079)
     Deductible temporary differences and tax losses not recognised             773,006           179,346            952,352


     Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                                   187,386           182,118            369,504




322 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


12. INCOME TAX (Continued)

    2022

                                                                                                Regions
                                                                                                 outside
                                                                                                Chinese
                                                                                              Mainland
                                                                             Chinese          and other
                                                                            Mainland           countries            Total
                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000


    Profit before tax                                                      3,082,967          1,497,585         4,580,552

    Tax at the statutory tax rate                                             767,359           348,947         1,116,306
    Lower tax rates for certain entities                                     (166,250)           (45,179)        (211,429)
    Adjustments in respect of current tax of previous years                     7,376              (9,563)          (2,187)
    Profit attributable to joint ventures and associates                     (474,236)              8,062        (466,174)
    Income not subject to tax                                                (134,263)            31,845         (102,418)
    Expenses not deductible for tax                                            17,412             34,968           52,380
    Influence of the change of tax rate on the deferred
       income tax balance                                                          12                 —                12
    Tax losses utilised from previous periods                                (318,626)            (6,401)        (325,027)
    Tax incentives on eligible expenditures                                  (309,033)          (11,795)         (320,828)
    Deductible temporary differences and tax losses not recognised            826,842            59,441           886,283


    Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                                 216,593            410,325           626,918


13. DIVIDENDS

                                                                                                  2023              2022
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


    Proposed final — RMB0.27 (2022: RMB0.42) per ordinary share                                 721,548         1,122,306


    The Company proposed to distribute a cash dividend of RMB0.27 (before tax) for each ordinary share to all shareholders
    whose names are registered in the register of members and are entitled to participate in the distribution on the record
    date. The proposed final dividend for the year is subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders at the
    forthcoming annual general meeting and the final dividend amount will be determined by the number of the ordinary
    shares available for distribution on the corresponding date of share registration for the dividend payment.

    The amount of the proposed final dividend of RMB721,548 thousand is calculated based on the total number of
    ordinary shares of the Company of 2,672,398,711 shares on the record of 26 March 2024.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   323
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


14.	EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE
    PARENT

     The calculation of the basic earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the year attributable to ordinary
     equity holders of the parent, adjusted to reflect the cash dividends distributed to the Restricted A Share Incentive
     Scheme, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 2,669,655,211 (2022: 2,607,380,489) in issue during
     the period.

     The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the period attributable to ordinary
     equity holders of the parent. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation is the number of
     ordinary shares in issue during the period, as used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average
     number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued at no consideration on the deemed conversion of all dilutive
     potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.

     The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                                                              2023                     2022
                                                                                                                           RMB’000                  RMB’000


     Earnings
     Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent                                                         2,398,606               3,736,975
     Less: Cash dividends distributed to the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme                                             (1,050)                     —


     Adjusted profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
       used in the basic earnings per share calculation                                                                   2,397,556               3,736,975
     Cash dividends distributed to the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme                                                    1,050                      —


     Adjusted profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
       used in the diluted earnings per share calculation                                                                 2,398,606               3,736,975


                                                                                                                             Number of shares
                                                                                                                               2023           2022


     Shares
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the period used
       in the basic earnings per share calculation                                                                  2,669,655,211           2,607,380,489

     Effect of dilution — weighted average number of ordinary shares:
       — the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme                                                                             253,150                    4,490


     Total                                                                                                          2,669,908,361*          2,607,384,979


     *       Because the diluted earnings per share amount increased when taking the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme into account, the Restricted A
             Share Incentive Scheme had an anti-dilutive effect on the basic earnings per share for 2023 and were ignored in the calculation of diluted earnings
             per share. Therefore, the diluted earnings per share amount is the same as the basic earnings per share for 2023.




324 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


15.	PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2023
                                             Freehold             Plant and        Medical     Office   Motor     Leasehold Construction
                                                 land   Buildings machinery        devices equipment vehicles improvements in progress              Total
                                             RMB’000    RMB’000 RMB’000           RMB’000    RMB’000 RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000            RMB’000


    Cost:
    At 1 January 2023                        201,312    7,736,697 8,672,633 1,045,089          859,332 128,645         943,726     4,896,697     24,484,131
    Additions                                 11,142      242,519   349,168    63,319           16,973   9,594         110,934     2,796,076      3,599,725
    Acquisitions of subsidiaries (note 41)   714,667    1,620,368 1,635,872   296,629           43,424   4,215         289,901       167,095      4,772,171
    Disposals                                     —       (48,197) (121,123) (48,390)          (24,754) (8,494)        (15,588)           —        (266,546)
    Disposal of subsidiaries (note 42)            —            —       (383)       —                —       —             (925)           —          (1,308)
    Transferred from construction
       in progress                                 —    1,889,768     730,913     119,917      179,322       1,667           —     (2,921,587)          —
    Exchange realignment                       24,615      33,577      71,465         210        8,665         (17)          —             —       138,515


    At 31 December 2023                      951,736 11,474,732 11,338,545 1,476,774          1,082,962    135,610    1,328,048    4,938,281     32,726,688


    Accumulated depreciation:
    At 1 January 2023                              — (2,637,429) (4,540,408)      (643,994)    (463,165)   (81,599)    (389,493)           —     (8,756,088)
    Depreciation charge for the year               —   (317,182) (842,112)        (131,222)    (108,465)   (14,979)    (153,494)           —     (1,567,454)
    Acquisitions of subsidiaries (note 41)         —   (503,837) (977,988)        (146,374)     (34,224)    (2,690)     (11,974)           —     (1,677,087)
    Disposals                                      —     32,987      94,268         36,052       13,541      6,386        4,794            —        188,028
    Disposal of subsidiaries (note 42)             —         —          220             —            —          —           925            —          1,145
    Exchange realignment                           —    (14,640)    (36,975)          (113)      (5,394)         4           —             —        (57,118)


    At 31 December 2023                            — (3,440,101) (6,302,995)      (885,651)   (597,707)    (92,878)   (549,242)            — (11,868,574)


    Impairment losses:
    At 1 January 2023                              —       (3,272)      (4,577)         —        (1,405)        —            —             —         (9,254)
    Charge for the year                            —          (80)      (2,328)         —            —          —            —             —         (2,408)
    Disposals                                      —           —             6          —            —          —            —             —              6


    At 31 December 2023                            —       (3,352)      (6,899)         —        (1,405)        —            —             —        (11,656)


    Net carrying amount:
    At 31 December 2023                      951,736    8,031,279    5,028,651    591,123      483,850      42,732     778,806     4,938,281     20,846,458


    At 1 January 2023                        201,312    5,095,996    4,127,648    401,095      394,762      47,046     554,233     4,896,697     15,718,789




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023         325
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


15.	PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2022
                                           Freehold                 Plant and     Medical       Office   Motor   Leasehold Construction
                                               land    Buildings    machinery     devices equipment vehicles improvements   in progress              Total
                                          RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000             RMB’000


     Cost:
     At 1 January 2022                    203,685     6,608,208     7,531,336    806,251     743,166 118,507         763,868      3,617,705 20,392,726
     Additions                                 —          36,639      336,791    114,539     122,735  14,387         133,953      2,819,579  3,578,623
     Acquisitions of subsidiaries              —        274,744       298,000     58,183      12,758   2,024          11,087        386,776  1,043,572
     Disposals                                 —         (36,913)    (120,768)   (33,831)    (49,094) (6,355)        (21,783)       (43,141)  (311,885)
     Disposal of subsidiaries (note 42)        —       (107,193)      (85,380)        —       (4,648) (2,120)           (178)          (597)  (200,116)
     Transferred from construction
        in progress                             —       966,113      725,370      99,371       33,122       2,870      56,779     (1,883,625)           —
     Exchange realignment                   (2,373)      (4,901)     (12,716)        576        1,293        (668)         —              —        (18,789)


     At 31 December 2022                  201,312     7,736,697     8,672,633 1,045,089      859,332      128,645    943,726      4,896,697     24,484,131


     Accumulated depreciation:
     At 1 January 2022                          —     (2,271,700) (3,800,039)    (534,926)   (406,169)    (73,686)   (288,555)            —     (7,375,075)
     Depreciation charge for the year           —       (274,606) (681,868)      (106,768)    (85,929)    (14,992)   (111,695)            —     (1,275,858)
     Acquisitions of subsidiaries               —       (173,024) (209,604)       (20,780)      (9,145)      (567)      (1,110)           —       (414,230)
     Disposals                                  —         15,507      95,163       18,933      36,149       5,643      11,822             —        183,217
     Disposal of subsidiaries (note 42)         —         63,721      52,713           —         3,331      1,415           45            —        121,225
     Exchange realignment                       —          2,673       3,227         (453)     (1,402)        588           —             —          4,633


     At 31 December 2022                        —     (2,637,429) (4,540,408)    (643,994)   (463,165)    (81,599)   (389,493)            —     (8,756,088)


     Impairment losses:
     At 1 January 2022                          —         (3,272)      (2,028)         —         (276)         —           —              —         (5,576)
     Charge for the year                        —             —        (2,964)         —       (1,129)         —           —              —         (4,093)
     Disposals                                  —             —           415          —           —           —           —              —            415


     At 31 December 2022                        —         (3,272)      (4,577)         —       (1,405)         —           —              —         (9,254)


     Net carrying amount:
     At 31 December 2022                  201,312     5,095,996     4,127,648    401,095     394,762       47,046    554,233      4,896,697     15,718,789


     At 1 January 2022                    203,685     4,333,236     3,729,269    271,325     336,721       44,821    475,313      3,617,705     13,012,075




326 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


15.	PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

    The carrying amounts of construction in progress of the Group included capitalised interest of approximately
    RMB49,124,000 (2022: RMB45,764,000) charged for the year (note 9) prior to being transferred to property, plant and
    equipment.

    As at 31 December 2023, the Group has not obtained title certificates for certain of the buildings with an aggregate
    net carrying amount of approximately RMB42,289,000 (2022: RMB50,436,000). The directors were of the opinion that
    the aforesaid matter did not have any significant impact on the Group’s financial position as at 31 December 2023.

    As at 31 December 2023, certain of the Group’s property, plant and equipment with a net carrying amount of
    approximately RMB2,117,025,000(2022: RMB1,280,172,000) were pledged to secure certain of the Group’s bank and
    other borrowings (note 34).

    As at 31 December 2023, the net carrying values of the group’s property, plant and equipment leased out for operating
    purposes are as follows:

                                                                                                 2023              2022
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


    Buildings                                                                                   79,181              66,193


16.	LEASE

    The Group as a lessee
    The Group has lease contracts for various items of land, buildings, plant and machinery and motor vehicles used in its
    operations. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease periods of
    20 to 50 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases of buildings have
    lease terms between 2 to 20 years, plant and machinery generally have lease terms between 5 and 10 years, while
    motor vehicles generally have lease terms of 3 years. Generally, the Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing
    the leased assets outside the Group.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   327
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


16.	LEASE (Continued)

     The Group as a lessee (Continued)
     (a)   Right-of-use assets
           The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                    Prepaid
                                                                    Plant and        Motor       Land lease
                                                      Buildings     machinery       vehicles      payments        Total
                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


           As at 1 January 2023                         825,211        31,362          6,965      1,973,691     2,837,229
           Additions                                    281,553        11,026          9,935         68,673       371,187
           Additions as a result of acquisition of
             subsidiaries                             1,242,047         59,504         3,101         96,789     1,401,441
           Disposal                                     (39,310)            —             —         (10,950)      (50,260)
           Depreciation charge                         (241,239)       (18,669)       (6,483)       (51,867)     (318,258)
           Effect of foreign exchange rate changes,
             net                                          5,366          1,035           340              —            6,741


           As at 31 December 2023                     2,073,628        84,258         13,858     2,076,336      4,248,080


                                                                                                     Prepaid
                                                                    Plant and         Motor       Land lease
                                                       Buildings    machinery        vehicles      payments         Total
                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


           As at 1 January 2022                         703,521        36,609           7,218     1,822,448     2,569,796
           Additions                                    232,088            —            5,196        42,809       280,093
           Acquisition of subsidiaries                    70,232           —               —        173,197       243,429
           Disposal                                      (12,997)        (204)             —          (6,436)      (19,637)
           Disposal of subsidiaries                           —            —               —        (14,031)       (14,031)
           Depreciation charge                         (204,552)       (5,043)         (5,482)      (44,296)     (259,373)
           Effect of foreign exchange rate changes,
             net                                         36,919             —             33              —        36,952


           As at 31 December 2022                       825,211        31,362          6,965     1,973,691      2,837,229


           As at 31 December 2023, certain of the Group’s prepaid land lease payments with a net carrying amount of
           RMB614,613,000 (2022: RMB505,506,000) were pledged to secure certain of the Group’s bank and other
           borrowings (note 34).




328 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


16.	LEASE (Continued)

    The Group as a lessee (Continued)
    (b)   Lease liabilities
          The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                        2023             2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000


          Carrying amount at 1 January                                                                929,398          789,856
          New leases                                                                                  308,537          224,653
          Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                               1,402,286            81,227
          Accretion of interest recognised during the year                                             50,920            44,459
          Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                                 (277)          (11,345)
          Payments                                                                                   (251,707)        (190,802)
          Lease termination                                                                           (72,764)          (16,903)
          Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                                 12,721             8,253


          As at 31 December                                                                         2,379,114         929,398


          Analysed into:
            Current portion                                                                           329,525         184,406
            Non-current portion                                                                     2,049,589         744,992


          There are no lease liabilities due to the Group’s other related companies (2022: Nil).

          The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 35 to the financial statements.

          The Group applied the practical expedient to all eligible covid-19-related rent concessions granted by the lessors
          during the year.

    (c)   The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                                        2023             2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000


          Interest on lease liabilities                                                                50,920           44,459
          Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                                  318,258         259,373
          Expense relating to short-term leases                                                       102,397           74,223
          Expense relating to leases of low-value assets                                               11,352            8,192
          Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                                 (277)         (11,345)


          Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                                   482,650         374,902




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023   329
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


16.	LEASE (Continued)

     The Group as a lessor
     The Group leases part of its buildings (note 15) under operating lease arrangements. The terms of the leases generally
     require the tenants to pay security deposits and provide for periodic rent adjustments according to the then prevailing
     market conditions. Rental income recognised by the Group during the year was RMB62,601,000 (2022:
     RMB32,610,000), details of which are included in note 5 to the financial statements.

     At 31 December 2023, the undiscounted lease payments receivables by the Group in future periods under non-
     cancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:

                                                                                                   2023              2022
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000


     Within one year                                                                              30,274            14,621
     After one year but within two years                                                          24,738             6,778
     After two years but within three years                                                       15,926             6,391
     Over three years                                                                             51,583            42,845


     Total                                                                                       122,521            70,635


17.	GOODWILL

                                                                                                   2023              2022
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000


     At 1 January
       Cost                                                                                  11,024,553         10,087,487
       Accumulated impairment                                                                  (687,500)          (687,500)


     Net carrying amount                                                                     10,337,053          9,399,987


     Cost at 1 January, net of accumulated impairment                                        10,337,053          9,399,987
     Acquisitions of subsidiaries                                                               413,733            739,361
     Impairment during the year                                                                      —            (180,000)
     Disposal of subsidiaries (note 42)                                                              —              (59,244)
     Exchange realignment                                                                       101,213            436,949


     Net carrying amount at 31 December                                                      10,851,999         10,337,053




330 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


17.	GOODWILL (Continued)

                                                                                                                       2023                   2022
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


    At 31 December
      Cost                                                                                                       11,539,499             11,024,553
      Accumulated impairment                                                                                       (687,500)              (687,500)


    Net carrying amount                                                                                          10,851,999             10,337,053


                                                                                                                       2023                   2022
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


    Goodwill of Gland Pharma and subsidiaries*/**/***                                                              4,247,603              3,969,350
    Goodwill of Fosun Antejin and subsidiaries                                                                     1,168,983              1,168,983
    Goodwill of Sisram Medical and subsidiaries*/***                                                                 900,977                774,344
    Goodwill of Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital, Zhuhai Chancheng & Xinshi Hospital                                  680,808                680,808
    Goodwill of Hengsheng Hospital                                                                                   636,933                636,933
    Goodwill of Aohong Pharma and subsidiaries                                                                       616,231                616,231
    Goodwill of Yao Pharma and subsidiaries                                                                          572,670                572,670
    Goodwill of Suzhou Erye                                                                                          503,373                503,373
    Goodwill of Breas*                                                                                               297,363                291,071
    Goodwill of Xingmai Technology                                                                                   275,653                275,653
    Goodwill of Red Flag Pharma                                                                                      205,952                205,952
    Goodwill of Tridem Pharma**                                                                                      172,662                163,076
    Goodwill of Wanbang Pharma and subsidiaries                                                                       83,765                 83,765
    Goodwill of other subsidiaries***                                                                                489,026                394,844


                                                                                                                 10,851,999             10,337,053


    *     Goodwill of Gland Pharma, Sisram Medical and Breas is measured in USD, and goodwill of Alma Hong Kong 2023 Limited is measured in RMB.


    **    Goodwill of Tridem Pharma and Phixen SAS is measured in EUR.


    ***   The increase in goodwill during the reporting period was mainly due to the acquisition of Phixen SAS, Alma Hong Kong 2023 Limited and Jianjia
          Medical Investment Management Co.,Ltd..

    #
          The English names of the companies registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the management of the Company in directly
          translating the Chinese names of these companies.




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023        331
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


17.	GOODWILL (Continued)

     Impairment testing of goodwill
     Movements in the provisions for impairment of goodwill are as follows:

                                                      At beginning
                                                           of year            Additions      Disposals    At end of year
     2023                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000


     Provisions for impairment of:
       Goodwill of Fosun Antejin and subsidiaries          202,500                   —               —           202,500
       Goodwill of Foshan Fosun Chancheng
         Hospital, Zhuhai Chancheng & Xinshi
         Hospital                                           15,000                   —               —            15,000
       Goodwill of Aohong Pharma and subsidiaries          390,000                   —               —           390,000
       Goodwill of Breas                                    80,000                   —               —            80,000


                                                           687,500                   —               —           687,500


                                                       At beginning
                                                             of year          Additions       Disposals    At end of year
     2022                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000


     Provisions for impairment of:
       Goodwill of Fosun Antejin and subsidiaries          202,500                   —               —           202,500
       Goodwill of Foshan Fosun Chancheng
         Hospital, Zhuhai Chancheng & Xinshi
         Hospital                                           15,000                  —                —            15,000
       Goodwill of Aohong Pharma and subsidiaries          210,000             180,000               —           390,000
       Goodwill of Breas                                    80,000                  —                —            80,000


                                                           507,500             180,000               —           687,500


     Amount to RMB413,733,000 of goodwill increased through acquiring subsidiaries of Phixen SAS, Alma Hong Kong
     2023 Limited and Jianjia Medical Investment Management Co.,Ltd. during the year (note 41).

     Information about the cash-generating units or the groups of cash-generating units in which goodwill is held is as
     follows:

     The goodwill of Phixen SAS, which was newly acquired during the year, was allocated to Gland Pharma and its
     subsidiaries’ groups of cash-generating units with the following considerations: Phixen SAS became a wholly-owned
     subsidiary of Gland Pharma, and the Phixen SAS Group’s CDMO business model aligned with Gland Pharma’s long-
     term development plan. Upon completion of the transaction, Gland Pharma would expand its product and service
     supply capabilities in the European market by acquiring the local production base in Europe. At the same time, it was
     conducive to enhancing Gland Pharma’s development, manufacturing and supply capacity of complex formulations and
     biological products, and enriching its customer resources.




332 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


17.	GOODWILL (Continued)

    Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
    Goodwill generated during the year from the acquisition of business (including the underlying assets) by Alma Hong
    Kong 2023 Limited, a subsidiary of the Group, was allocated to the group of cash-generating units of Sisram and its
    subsidiaries. The main considerations were as follows: Alma Hong Kong 2023 Limited was a subsidiary of Sisram, and
    the target business was all business activities related to direct sales of products of Alma Lasers, Ltd. conducted by
    PhotonMed International Limited. PhotonMed International Limited has been the exclusive distributor of Alma Lasers,Ltd
    since 2003, who mainly engaged in the direct sales of medical and beauty products in the Chinese market. The
    acquisition would contribute to (i) enable Alma Lasers, Ltd. to control significant direct sales channels and enhance
    profitability; (ii) enhance the market leadership position of Alma Lasers, Ltd., promote to deep cultivation and sinking in
    the Chinese market, and strengthen brand awareness; and (iii) accelerate the linkage and empowerment of the
    company’s various businesses, promote the company’s globalization process and the in-depth development of its
    business in China, and continue to build a beautiful and healthy ecosystem.

    The goodwill arising from the new acquisition of Jianjia Medical Investment Management Co.,Ltd. during the year was
    recognised at provisional amounts at 31 December 2023, as the valuation of the fair value of the identifiable assets and
    liabilities at the acquisition date had not been completed by the date of the approval of the consolidated financial
    statements for the year ended 31 December 2023, and the corresponding cash-generating unit or group of cash-
    generating units was also being assessed.

    The cash flows generated from each subsidiary acquired are independent from those of the other subsidiaries of the
    Group. Therefore, each of these acquired subsidiaries is a separate cash-generating unit. Management considered that
    the synergies arising from each acquisition mainly benefited the corresponding acquired subsidiary. Therefore, in
    performing the impairment test, the goodwill generated from each acquisition is allocated to the corresponding
    subsidiary acquired. Except for the group of cash-generating units of Gland Pharma and subsidiaries and the group of
    cash-generating units of Sisram and subsidiaries resulting from new acquisitions, the other cash-generating unit or
    group of cash-generating units was consistent with those recognized at the time of goodwill impairment tests in
    previous years.

    Assumptions were used in the value-in-use calculation of all the cash-generating units or the groups of cash-generating
    units for 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. The following describes each key assumption on which
    management has based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing of goodwill:

    (1)   The Group under evaluation continues to operate and there are no major changes affecting the key aspects of
          production and operations and the current situation in terms of business scope, sales model, channels and
          management.

    (2)   The socio-economic environment in which the group under evaluation is located does not cause major changes
          and there are no major changes in relevant laws, regulations, policies and regulations.

    (3)   The business scope, operating mode, and management mode of the group under evaluation are consistent and
          continuously adjusted with the development of the economy.

    (4)   The interest rate, exchange rate, tax base and tax rate will not change significantly within the normal range
          prescribed by the state.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   333
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


17.	GOODWILL (Continued)

     Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
     Forecasted revenue — The basis for determining this growth rate is an appropriate increase based on projected market
     developments on the basis of forecasted revenue achieved in the previous year.

     Forecasted profit margin — The basis used to determine the value assigned to the forecasted profit margin is the
     average profit margin achieved in the year immediately before the forecast year, adjusted for expected efficiency
     adjustments and expected market development.

     Discount rates — The discount rates used are before tax and reflect specific risks relating to the relevant units.

     The growth rates beyond the forecast period — The growth rates beyond the forecast period are the rate of inflation.

     The recoverable amount was determined at the present value of the projected future cash flows of the cash-generating
     units or the groups of cash-generating units. According to the financial forecast for 5–9 years approved by
     management, the revenue growth rate for the forecast period was 5.76% to 31.38%, and the gross margin was
     16.62% to 82.53%.

     Goodwill of Gland Pharma and subsidiaries
     Gland Pharma, founded in 1978 and headquartered in Hyderabad, India, is a generic injection company with R&D
     capabilities for original pharmaceuticals and preparations. At present, it mainly provides manufacturing services of
     generic injection for large-scale pharmaceutical companies worldwide. Gland Pharma is the first Indian manufacturer of
     injectable pharmaceuticals approved by Food and Drug Administration of the United States of America, and has the
     ability to register and sell drugs in the regulatory markets. Its products are mainly sold to the United States and Europe.
     On November 2020, Gland Pharma was listed on BSE limited and national stock exchange of India limited. The Group
     regularly evaluates the above-mentioned operating activities and unifies the resource allocation based on the evaluation
     results. Therefore, Gland Pharma and subsidiaries as a whole is recognized as a group of cash-generating units, which
     belongs to the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment. The recoverable amount is determined based on the present
     value of the expected future cash flows of the group of cash-generating units. According to the 9-year financial
     forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Gland and its subsidiaries beyond the forecast
     period is 2.30% (2022: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash flows is 16.06% (2022: 14.99%).
     According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is higher than the carrying amount of
     Gland and subsidiaries’ group of cash-generating units. The Group believes that there is no impairment of the goodwill
     during 2023. This group of cash-generating units mainly consists of Gland Pharma and Phixen SAS, and the cash flows
     generated are independent from those of other cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units.




334 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


17.	GOODWILL (Continued)

    Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
    Goodwill of Fosun Antejin and subsidiaries
    Fosun Antejin was established on 6 July 2012. Fosun Antejin and its subsidiaries have a number of patents including
    13-valent pneumonia conjugate vaccine (multivalent conjugate), influenza vaccine, pertussis vaccine and rabies vaccine.
    The Group regularly evaluates the above-mentioned operating activities and unifies the resource allocation based on
    the evaluation results. Therefore, Fosun Antejin and its subsidiaries as a whole is recognized as a group of cash-
    generating units, which belongs to the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment. The recoverable amount is determined
    based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the group of cash-generating units. According to the
    9-year financial forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Fosun Antejin and its subsidiaries
    beyond the forecast period is 2.30% (2022: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash flows is 14.88% (2022:
    15.77%). According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is higher than the carrying
    amount of Fosun Antejin and subsidiaries’ group of cash-generating units. The Group believes that there is no
    impairment of the goodwill during 2023. This group of cash-generating units mainly consists of Fosun Antejin and
    Dalian Aleph, and the cash flows generated are independent from those of other cash-generating units or groups of
    cash-generating units.

    Goodwill of Sisram Medical and subsidiaries
    Sisram Medical is a manufacturer of medical lasers, photonics and Radio Frequency equipment in Israel. Sisram Medical
    ranks in the forefront of the medical beauty market, and has formed a strong competitive advantage in design
    capabilities, cost control, and customer base. Its medical laser and optical equipment is mainly used in dermatology,
    orthopedics, burn surgery, laser and many other fields, and Sisram Medical and subsidiaries are dedicated to provide
    the comprehensive solution with core of top technology for the medical beauty market. Sisram Medical merged
    downstream distributor Nova Medical Israel Ltd. to integrate its sales channels in the Israel market during 2019. In
    2023, Sisram Medical completed the acquisition of PhotonMed brand and channel, a leading energy source equipment
    distributor and strategic partner of Alma in China, achieving a direct sales layout for medical beauty business in the
    Chinese market. The Group regularly evaluates the above-mentioned business activities and unifies resource allocation
    based on the evaluation results. Therefore, Sisram Medical and its subsidiaries as a whole is recognised as a group of
    cash-generating units, which belongs to the medical devices and medical diagnosis segment. According to the 5-year
    financial forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Sisram Medical and its subsidiaries beyond
    the forecast period is 2.30% (2022: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash flows is 17.75% (2022:
    16.70%). According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is higher than the carrying
    amount of Sisram Medical and subsidiaries’ group of cash-generating units. The Group believes that there is no
    impairment of the goodwill during 2023. This group of cash-generating units mainly consists of Alma Lasers, Ltd., Nova
    and Alma Hong Kong 2023 Limited, and the cash flows generated are independent from those of other cash-
    generating units or groups of cash-generating units.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   335
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


17.	GOODWILL (Continued)

     Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
     Goodwill of Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital, Zhuhai Chancheng & Xinshi Hospital
     Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital is a national third-grade class-A hospital which integrates medical treatment,
     rehabilitation, scientific research and teaching in Foshan, Guangdong Province. Zhuhai Chancheng Hospital in Zhuhai
     City, Guangdong Province is a second-class hospital approved by Zhuhai Health and Family Planning Bureau. Xinshi
     Hospital is a third-class general hospital which integrates medical treatment, teaching, prevention and health care in
     Guangzhou, Guangdong Province. As the above-mentioned hospitals are located in South China, they have synergy
     and relevance in terms of acquisition purpose, integration progress, overall evaluation, resource allocation and business
     operation. Therefore, Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital, Zhuhai Chancheng & Xinshi Hospital as a whole is recognised
     as a group of cash-generating units, which belongs to the Healthcare service segment. According to the 9-year financial
     forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital, Zhuhai
     Chancheng & Xinshi Hospital beyond the forecast period is 2.30% (2022: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to
     future cash flows is 15.67% (2022: 15.74%). According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future
     cash flow is higher than the carrying amount of Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital, Zhuhai Chancheng & Xinshi
     Hospital’s group of cash-generating units. The Group believes that there is no impairment of the goodwill during 2023.
     This group of cash-generating units mainly consists of Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital, Zhuhai Chancheng & Xinshi
     Hospital, and the cash flows generated are independent from those of other cash-generating units or groups of cash-
     generating units.

     Goodwill of Hengsheng Hospital
     Hengsheng Hospital is a large-scale modern comprehensive Tertiary Hospital approved by the Health and Family
     Planning Commission of Guangdong Province, which integrates medical treatment, scientific research, teaching,
     rehabilitation and preventive health care. It is mainly engaged in healthcare service and is the designated medical
     institution for social medical insurance in Shenzhen. Shenzhen Workers’ Injury Insurance Hospital, Shenzhen Children’s
     Medical Insurance Hospital, Shenzhen 120 Emergency Medical Center Network Hospital, Shenzhen Baoan District
     Science Education Base, Teaching Hospital of Guangdong Medical College. The Group regularly evaluates the above-
     mentioned operating activities and unifies resource allocation based on the evaluation results. Hengsheng Hospital
     specialises in healthcare service and generates operating cash flow independently. Therefore, Hengsheng Hospital as a
     whole is recognised as a group of cash-generating units, which belongs to the Healthcare service segment. According
     to the 9-year financial forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Hengsheng Hospital beyond
     the forecast period is 2.30% (2022: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash flows is 17.08% (2022:
     16.99%). According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is higher than the carrying
     amount of Hengsheng Hospital’s group of cash-generating units. The Group believes that there is no impairment of the
     goodwill during 2023. This cash-generating unit mainly consists of Hengsheng Hospital, and the cash flows generated
     are independent from those of other cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units.




336 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


17.	GOODWILL (Continued)

    Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
    Goodwill of Aohong Pharma and subsidiaries
    Aohong Pharma and subsidiaries focus on pharmaceutical products whose major products included Aodejin (Calf blood
    serum injection), Bangting (Hemocoagulase for injection) and others. In 2019, Aohong Pharma obtained first class listed
    pharmaceutical chemicals Penehyclidine hydrochloride injection (Changtuoning) through acquiring Chengdu List
    Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (hereinafter called the “List Pharma”). Meanwhile, Aohong Pharma recombined its own
    business with those of List Pharma, improving the strategic layout by transferring the production of Changtuoning and
    integrate the sales channels. The group has overall assessment for mentioned-above operating activities regularly, and
    allocates resources accordingly; therefore, Aohong Pharma and its subsidiaries as a whole is recognised as a group of
    cash-generating units, which belongs to the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment. The recoverable amount is
    determined based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the asset portfolio. According to the 9-year
    financial forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Aohong Pharma and its subsidiaries
    beyond the forecast period is 2.30% (2022: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash flows is 14.36% (2022:
    14.77%). According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is higher than the carrying
    amount of Aohong Pharma and subsidiaries’ group of cash-generating units. The Group believes that there is no
    impairment of the goodwill during 2023. This group of cash-generating units mainly consists of Aohong Pharma and
    Chengdu List, and the cash flows generated are independent from those of other cash-generating units or groups of
    cash-generating units.

    Goodwill of Yao Pharma and subsidiaries
    The group of cash-generating units belongs to the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment. The recoverable amount is
    determined based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the group of cash-generating units.
    According to the 9-year financial forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Yao Pharma and
    its subsidiaries beyond the forecast period is 2.30% (2022: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash flows is
    17.13% (2022: 15.08%). According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is higher
    than the carrying amount of Yao Pharma and subsidiaries’ group of cash-generating units. The Group believes that
    there is no impairment of the goodwill during 2023. This group of cash-generating units mainly consists of Sichuan
    Hexin, Dongting Pharma, Liaoning Shinsun Pharma and Beijing Jiluohua, and the cash flows generated are independent
    from those of other cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units.

    Goodwill of Suzhou Erye
    Suzhou Erye is a comprehensive pharmaceutical company that produces APIs, powder injections (including penicillins,
    cephalosporins), freeze-dried powders and oral preparations. The Group regularly evaluates the above-mentioned
    business activities and unifies the resource allocation based on the evaluation results. Therefore, Suzhou Erye as a whole
    is recognised as a group of cash-generating units, which belongs to the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment. The
    recoverable amount is determined based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the asset portfolio.
    According to the 9-year financial forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Suzhou Erye
    beyond the forecast period is 2.30% (2022: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash flows is 15.79% (2022:
    14.50%). According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is higher than the carrying
    amount of Suzhou Erye’s group of cash-generating units. The Group believes that there is no impairment of the
    goodwill during 2023. This cash-generating unit mainly consists of Suzhou Erye, and the cash flows generated are
    independent from those of other cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   337
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


17.	GOODWILL (Continued)

     Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
     Goodwill of Breas
     The cash-generating unit belongs to the medical devices and medical diagnosis segment. The recoverable amount is
     determined based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the cash-generating unit. According to the
     9-year financial forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Breas beyond the forecast period is
     2.00% (2022: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash flows is 16.20% (2022: 16.56%). According to the
     calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is higher than the carrying amount of Breas’s cash-
     generating unit. The Group believes that there is no impairment of the goodwill during 2023. This cash-generating unit
     mainly consists of Breas, and the cash flows generated are independent from those of other cash-generating units or
     groups of cash-generating units.

     Goodwill of Xingmai Technology
     The cash-generating unit belongs to the other business operations segment. The recoverable amount is determined
     based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the cash-generating unit. According to the 9-year
     financial forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Xingmai Technology beyond the forecast
     period is 2.30% (2022: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash flows is 14.27% (2022: 15.98%).
     According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is higher than the carrying amount of
     Xingmai Technology’s cash-generating unit. The Group believes that there is no impairment of the goodwill during
     2023. This cash-generating unit mainly consists of Xingmai Technology, and the cash flows generated are independent
     from those of other cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units.

     Goodwill of Red Flag Pharma
     The cash-generating unit belongs to the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment. The recoverable amount is
     determined based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the cash-generating unit. According to the
     9-year financial forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Red Flag Pharma beyond the
     forecast period is 2.30% (2022: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash flows is 14.61% (2022: 15.40%).
     According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is higher than the carrying amount of
     Red Flag Pharma’s cash-generating unit. The Group believes that there is no impairment of the goodwill during 2023.
     This cash-generating unit mainly consists of Red Flag Pharma, and the cash flows generated are independent from
     those of other cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units.

     Goodwill of Tridem Pharma
     The cash-generating unit belongs to the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment. The recoverable amount is
     determined based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the cash-generating unit. According to the
     9-year financial forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Tridem Pharma beyond the
     forecast period is 2.30% (2022: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash flows is 18.46% (2022: 19.47%).
     According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is higher than the carrying amount of
     Tridem Pharma’s cash-generating unit. The Group believes that there is no impairment of the goodwill during 2023.
     This cash-generating unit is mainly composed of Tridem Pharma, and the cash flows generated are independent from
     those of other cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units.




338 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


17.	GOODWILL (Continued)

    Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
    Goodwill of Wanbang Pharma and subsidiaries
    The group of cash-generating units belongs to the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment. The recoverable amount is
    determined based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the group of cash-generating units.
    According to the 9-year financial forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Wanbang Pharma
    and its subsidiaries beyond the forecast period is 2.30% (2022: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash
    flows is 17.22% (2022: 17.29%). According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is
    higher than the carrying amount of Wanbang Pharma and subsidiaries’ group of cash-generating units. The Group
    believes that there is no impairment of the goodwill during 2023. This group of cash-generating units mainly consists of
    Wanbang Pharma, Wanbang Tiansheng and Wanbang Sinock, and the cash flows generated are independent from
    those of other cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units.

    The Group’s calculation of the present value (recoverable amount) of the estimated future cash flows of the cash-
    generating units or the groups of cash-generating units of Gland Pharma and subsidiaries, Fosun Antejin and
    subsidiaries, Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital, Zhuhai Chancheng & Xinshi Hospital, Hengsheng Hospital, Aohong
    Pharma and subsidiaries , Xingmai Technology, Breas and Red Flag Pharma was also referred to the results of Shanghai
    Orient Appraisal Co., Ltd.’s report on 26 March 2024 No. 0386 of Orient Appraisal Evaluation Report [2024] “The
    assessment report of the recoverable amount of eight related cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units
    for the purpose of financial reporting of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.”.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   339
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2023
                                                       Patents and                                              Deferred       Operating
                                             Medicine     technical        Office                   Business development      concession
                                              licences know-how         software Trademarks        networks         costs         rights       Total
                                             RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


     Cost:
     At 1 January 2023                       3,409,252    5,881,634      304,702      1,110,517    2,039,430     3,458,041     1,264,626    17,468,202
     Additions                                      —       111,281       75,265             19       19,067     1,295,212       588,585     2,089,429
     Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 41)      51,440       81,619       83,760         90,322      388,649            —             —        695,790
     Transfer                                  693,919      137,853           —              —            —       (831,772)           —             —
     Disposals                                      —       (29,916)      (2,049)            —            —             —             —        (31,965)
     Exchange realignment                          697       32,085        3,414          4,612       24,184            —          6,212        71,204


     At 31 December 2023                     4,155,308    6,214,556      465,092      1,205,470    2,471,330     3,921,481     1,859,423    20,292,660


     Accumulated amortisation:
     At 1 January 2023                        (300,067)   (1,776,852)   (204,962)       (60,701)    (884,744)       (1,711)     (200,381)   (3,429,418)
     Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 41)     (46,067)       (5,463)    (60,615)            —       (26,197)           —             —       (138,342)
     Amortisation for the year                (208,071)     (458,465)    (45,623)       (39,947)    (141,648)           —       (423,287)   (1,317,041)
     Disposals                                      —         29,541       2,049             —            —             —             —         31,590
     Exchange realignment                         (817)      (14,511)     (2,959)           (13)     (10,442)           —           (168)      (28,910)


     At 31 December 2023                      (555,022)   (2,225,750)   (312,110)      (100,661)   (1,063,031)      (1,711)     (623,836)   (4,882,121)


     Impairment losses:
     At 1 January 2023                         (64,000)     (20,614)          —              —             —        (2,070)         (475)      (87,159)
     Provision                                      —            —            —              —             —       (21,592)           —        (21,592)


     At 31 December 2023                       (64,000)     (20,614)          —              —             —       (23,662)         (475)     (108,751)


     Net carrying amount:
     At 31 December 2023                     3,536,286    3,968,192      152,982      1,104,809    1,408,299     3,896,108     1,235,112    15,301,788


     At 1 January 2023                       3,045,185    4,084,168       99,740      1,049,816    1,154,686     3,454,260     1,063,770    13,951,625




340 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                      Patents and                                                Deferred      Operating
                                          Medicine       technical      Office                      Business development      concession
                                           licences    know-how      software       Trademarks     networks         costs         rights         Total
                                          RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


    Cost:
    At 1 January 2022                    2,560,328     5,343,052     252,658          338,968     1,855,615      3,158,617      676,562     14,185,800
    Additions                                   —         96,389      42,146               —             —       1,467,174      573,261      2,178,970
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                 —        209,578       9,372          772,444       183,520            617           —       1,175,531
    Transfer                               848,967       319,400          —                —             —      (1,168,367)          —               —
    Disposals                                   —           (281)     (4,066)              —             —              —            —           (4,347)
    Disposal of subsidiaries (note 42)      (4,325)      (62,493)         —           (19,000)           —              —            —         (85,818)
    Exchange realignment                     4,282       (24,011)      4,592           18,105           295             —        14,803         18,066


    At 31 December 2022                  3,409,252     5,881,634     304,702         1,110,517    2,039,430     3,458,041     1,264,626     17,468,202


    Accumulated amortisation:
    At 1 January 2022                     (150,524)   (1,367,520)    (175,382)         (18,736)    (737,941)        (1,711)      (38,185)   (2,489,999)
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                 —           (656)       (3,959)             —            —              —             —          (4,615)
    Amortisation for the year             (151,878)     (434,827)     (26,999)         (41,903)    (143,566)            —      (161,928)      (961,101)
    Disposals                                   —            253         3,908              —            —              —             —           4,161
    Disposal of subsidiaries (note 42)       2,595        24,665            —               —            —              —             —         27,260
    Exchange realignment                      (260)        1,233       (2,530)             (62)      (3,237)            —           (268)       (5,124)


    At 31 December 2022                   (300,067)   (1,776,852)    (204,962)         (60,701)    (884,744)        (1,711)    (200,381)    (3,429,418)


    Impairment losses:
    At 1 January 2022                      (64,000)      (20,614)          —                —            —              —          (475)       (85,089)
    Provision                                   —             —            —                —            —          (2,070)          —          (2,070)


    At 31 December 2022                    (64,000)      (20,614)          —                —            —          (2,070)        (475)       (87,159)


    Net carrying amount:
    At 31 December 2022                  3,045,185     4,084,168      99,740         1,049,816    1,154,686     3,454,260     1,063,770     13,951,625


    At 1 January 2022                    2,345,804     3,954,918      77,276          320,232     1,117,674     3,156,906       637,902     11,610,712




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023        341
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

     As at 31 December 2023, the indefinite-life intangible assets of the Group are as follows:

                                                                        Net carrying
     Asset types                       Holders                               amount       Reasons of indefinite life
                                                                            RMB’000


     Medicine licences                 Dalian Aleph, Dongting Pharma,        307,000      The extension cost is low and the
                                         Red Flag Pharma, Suzhou Erye                       assets can be used indefinitely
     Trademarks                        Dalian Aleph, Dongting Pharma,          31,000     The extension cost is low and the
                                         Suzhou Erye                                        assets can be used indefinitely
     Trademarks                        CML, Alma*                            205,046      The extension cost is low and the
                                                                                            assets can be used indefinitely
     Operating concession rights       Hengsheng Hospital                    421,710      The extension cost is low and the
                                                                                            assets can be used indefinitely
     Patents and technical             Shanghai Henlius                        48,921     The extension cost is low and the
       know-how                                                                             assets can be used indefinitely


                                                                           1,013,677


     *     Trademarks of CML and Alma are measured in USD.


     The Group performs impairment tests for the above individual intangible assets or the respective cash-generating units
     depending on whether the recoverable amounts of individual intangible assets can be reliably estimated.

     Medicine licences
     The recoverable amounts of medicine licences have been determined based on a value-in-use calculation using cash
     flow projections based on a financial budget covering a nine-years period approved by senior management. The
     discount rates applied to the cash flow projections are in the range of 16.00% to 17.40%. The growth rate used to
     extrapolate the cash flows beyond the forecast period is 2.30%, which is also an estimate of the rate of inflation.

     Trademarks
     The recoverable amounts of trademarks have been determined based on a value-in-use calculation using cash flow
     projections based on a financial budget covering a period of five to nine years period approved by senior management.
     The discount rates applied to the cash flow projections is 16.80%. The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows
     beyond the forecast period is 2.30%, which is also an estimate of the rate of inflation.

     Operating concession rights
     The recoverable amounts of operating concession rights have been determined based on a value-in-use calculation
     using cash flow projection based on a financial budget covering a nine-year period approved by senior management.
     The discount rate applied to the cash flow projection is 18.58%. The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows
     beyond the forecast period is 2.30%, which is also an estimate of the rate of inflation.




342 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

    Patents and technical know-how
    The recoverable amounts of the Patents and technical know-how were determined based on the fair value less costs of
    disposal, and the fair values of non-patent technologies were determined using the relief from the royalty method
    taking into account the nature of the asset, using cash flow projections based on financial budget approved by the
    management, and the growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the financial budget period is 2.20%,
    which is close to the long-term inflation rate.

    Assumptions were used in the value-in-use calculation for 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. The following
    describes each key assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment
    testing of indefinite-life intangible assets:

    Forecasted revenue — The basis for determining this growth rate is an appropriate increase based on projected market
    developments on the basis of forecasted revenue achieved in the previous year.

    Forecasted profit margin — The basis used to determine the value assigned to the forecasted profit margin is the
    average profit margin achieved in the year immediately before the forecast year, adjusted for expected efficiency
    adjustments and expected market development.

    Discount rates — The discount rates used are the rates of return on investment required by the group.

    The growth rates beyond the forecast period — The growth rates beyond the forecast period are the rates of inflation.

    The values assigned to key assumptions are consistent with historical experience of the Group and external information
    sources.

19. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES

                                                                                                   2023               2022
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


    Share of net assets                                                                           78,910           230,606


    The Group’s trade receivable balances due from the joint ventures are disclosed in note 26 to the financial statements.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   343
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


19. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)

     Particulars of the Group’s principal joint venture are as follows:

                                                                                         Percentage of
                                            Place of
                                            registration          Registered Ownership         Voting        Profit
     Company name                           and business       share capital      interest      power      sharing Principal activities
                                                                       (‘000)


     Fosun Kite Biotechnology Co., Ltd.*    PRC/                 USD214,000             50          50          60    Research and development
                                            Chinese Mainland                                                            of medicine



     *       The English name of the company registered in the PRC represents the best efforts made by the management of the Company in directly
             translating the Chinese name of this company.


     The above investment in joint venture is indirectly held by the Company.

     The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s joint ventures that are not individually
     material:

                                                                                                                  2023                   2022
                                                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000


     Share of the joint ventures’ loss for the year                                                             (202,030)             (233,925)
     Share of the joint ventures’ other comprehensive income/(loss)                                                  109                 (4,297)
     Share of the joint ventures’ total comprehensive loss                                                      (201,921)             (238,222)
     Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the joint ventures                                   78,910               230,606


20. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                                  2023                   2022
                                                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000


     Share of net assets                                                                                     23,736,350           22,769,696
     Goodwill on acquisition                                                                                    757,478              759,546


     Subtotal                                                                                                24,493,828           23,529,242
     Provision for impairment                                                                                  (691,715)            (665,793)


     Total                                                                                                   23,802,113           22,863,449




344 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


20. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

    Movements in the provisions for impairment of investment in associates are as follows:

                                                      At beginning
                                                           of year         Additions         Disposals   At end of year
    2023                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


    Provisions for impairment of:
      Sovereign Medical Services, lnc.                     222,657                —                —           222,657
      SALADAX                                              129,705                —                —           129,705
      Mingyi Zhonghe Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.         64,982                —                —            64,982
      Integrated Endoscopy                                  30,097                —                —            30,097
      Others                                               218,352            61,284           35,362          244,274


                                                           665,793            61,284           35,362          691,715


                                                      At beginning
                                                            of year         Additions        Disposals    At end of year
    2022                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


    Provisions for impairment of:
      Sovereign Medical Services, lnc.                     222,657                 —               —           222,657
      SALADAX                                              129,705                 —               —           129,705
      Mingyi Zhonghe Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.         64,982                 —               —            64,982
      Integrated Endoscopy                                  30,097                 —               —            30,097
      Others                                               218,352                 —               —           218,352


                                                           665,793                 —               —           665,793




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   345
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


20. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

     Particulars of the Group’s principal associates are as follows:

                                                                                Nominal value      Percentage of equity
                                                   Place of                         of issued/    interest attributable to
                                                   incorporation/                  registered          the Company
     Company name*                                 registration and business     share capital         Direct      Indirect   Principal activities
                                                                                         (‘000)            %             %


     Sinopharm Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.     PRC/                           RMB100,000              49            —     Investment Management
         (國藥產業投資有限公司)                              Chinese Mainland


     Beijing Jinxiang Fosun Pharmaceuticals        PRC/                           RMB127,418              50            —     Distribution and retail of medicine
         Joint Stock Co., Ltd.                     Chinese Mainland
         (北京金象復星醫藥股份有限公司)


     Nature’s Sunshine Products, Inc. (“NSP”)@     U.S.A./                       Not applicable        14.89          0.39    Manufacture and trading of nutrition
                                                   U.S.A.                                                                       products


     Fosun Group Finance Corporation Limited       PRC/                         RMB1,500,000              20            —     Advisory on deposits and loans,
        (“Fosun Finance”)                          Chinese Mainland                                                             finance and funding, for Fosun
                                                                                                                                Group member companies


     Huaihai Hospital Management (Xuzhou) Co., Ltd. PRC/                          RMB714,290              —             35    Investment management
       (淮海醫院管理(徐州)有限公司)                             Chinese Mainland


     Yaneng Bioscience (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd         PRC/                            HKD12,269              20            —     Research and development and
       (亞能生物技術(深圳)有限公司)                            Chinese Mainland                                                              production of Medical devices

     *       The English names of the companies registered in the PRC represent the best efforts of the management of the Company in directly translating
             the Chinese names of these companies.

     @
             The Group’s investments in these associates are accounted for under the equity method of accounting because the Group has significant influence
             over these entities by way of representation on the board of directors and participation in the policy-making process, despite the fact that the
             Group’s direct or indirect equity interests in these associates were lower than 20% for the year ended 31 December 2023.


     The above table lists the associates of the Group which, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, principally
     affected the results of the Group for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give
     details of other associates would, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive
     length.




346 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


20. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

    Sinopharm Industrial Investment Co., Ltd. (“Sinopharm Industrial”), which is considered a material associate of the
    Group, has significant impact on the share of profits and losses of associates and is accounted for using the equity
    method.

    The following table illustrates the summarised financial information of Sinopharm Industrial, adjusted for any
    differences in accounting policies and reconciled to the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements:

                                                                                               2023               2022
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


    Revenue                                                                              596,569,565       552,147,550
    Profit for the year                                                                   14,993,794        14,332,536
    Other comprehensive income                                                                 8,395             4,473


    Total comprehensive income for the year                                               15,002,189        14,337,009

    Profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent of Sinopharm Industrial       4,553,856         4,288,695

    Current assets                                                                       335,769,893       317,699,289
    Non-current assets                                                                    47,566,886        47,019,848

    Current liabilities                                                                 (241,419,075)     (234,896,225)
    Non-current liabilities                                                              (21,300,812)      (19,441,180)


    Net assets                                                                           120,616,892       110,381,732


    Net assets attributable to owners of the parent of Sinopharm Industrial               37,897,955        34,615,362

    Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in the associate:
      Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                                       49%               49%
      Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                        18,569,998        16,961,527
      Goodwill on acquisition (less cumulative impairment)                                        —                 —


    Carrying amount of the investment                                                     18,569,998        16,961,527


    Dividend received by the Group                                                           633,947           578,200




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   347
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


20. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

     The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that are not individually
     material:

                                                                                                   2023              2022
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000


     Share of the associates’ profit/(loss) for the year                                         155,489            (32,390)
     Share of the associates’ other comprehensive loss                                            (6,825)             (7,564)


     Share of the associates’ total comprehensive income/(loss)                                  148,664            (39,954)


     Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the associates                    5,232,115         5,901,922


21.	EQUITY INVESTMENTS DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                                   2023              2022
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000


     Equity investments designated at fair value through
        other comprehensive income
     Listed equity investments, at fair value
     Sichuan Huiyu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                       11,619            11,973
     Adicon Holdings Limited                                                                      37,584                —
     Others                                                                                        3,571             3,478


     Total                                                                                        52,774            15,451


     The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at fair value through other comprehensive income as the
     Group considers these investments to be strategic in nature.

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group received dividends in the amounts of RMB203,000 (2022:
     RMB200,000).




348 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


22. DEFERRED TAX

    The movements in deferred tax assets/(liabilities) during the year are as follows:

    Deferred tax assets
                                              Losses
                                       available for                                                                         Fair value
                                          offsetting                                                                      adjustments
                                      against future   Provision for   Depreciation                                       arising from
                                            taxable     impairment             and      Accrued   Unrealised   Deferred acquisitions of        Lease
                                             profits       of assets   amortisation    expenses       profit    income     subsidiaries    liabilities     Total
                                           RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


    At 31 December 2022                     117,995          55,312           7,289     149,618      92,179      71,924           7,654        1,383     503,354
    Effect of adoption of
        amendments to HKAS12
       (note 2.2(c))                             —               —               —           —            —          —               —        77,632      77,632


    At 1 January 2023 (restated)            117,995          55,312           7,289     149,618      92,179      71,924           7,654       79,015     580,986


    Acquisitions of subsidiaries
       (note 41)                            118,209              —               —       28,432           —          —               —             —     146,641
    Deferred tax credited/(charged)
       to the statement of profit
       or loss during the year               51,707          (8,910)           (945)      1,367        7,837    (22,142)         (4,351)    152,664      177,227


    Gross deferred tax assets
       at 31 December 2023                  287,911          46,402          6,344      179,417     100,016      49,782           3,303     231,679      904,854




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023       349
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


22. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)

     The movements in deferred tax assets/(liabilities) during the year are as follows: (Continued)

     Deferred tax liabilities
                                                       Fair value
                                              re-measurements
                                               of the remaining
                                              equity interest in                        Fair value
                                              associates arising                     adjustments        Fair value
                                              from the disposal                      arising from adjustments of      Fair value
                                                 of subsidiaries                  financial assets          equity adjustments
                                                      and other        Deemed        at fair value    investment   arising from
                                                     temporary      disposal of    through profit designated at acquisitions of                     Right-of-use
                                                     differences     associates            or loss      fair value  subsidiaries    Depreciation          assets     Total
                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


     At 31 December 2022                                199,496      1,163,439             2,797            431        1,800,995        256,566              —     3,423,724
     Effect of adoption of amendments to
         HKAS12 (note 2.2(c))                                 —             —                 —               —               —               —          77,632      77,632


     At 1 January 2023 (restated)                       199,496      1,163,439             2,797            431        1,800,995        256,566          77,632    3,501,356


     Acquisitions of subsidiaries (note 41)                   —             —                 —               —         186,871            4,725             —      191,596
     Deferred tax (credited)/charged
        to the statement of profit or
        loss during the year                                  —             —                33               —         (113,836)        (20,594)       151,922      17,525
     Deferred tax charged to reserves
        during the year                                       —             —                 —             152               —               —              —          152
     Exchange differences                                    948            —                 —              —           13,997               —              —       14,945


     Gross deferred tax liabilities
        at 31 December 2023                             200,444      1,163,439             2,830            583        1,888,027        240,697         229,554    3,725,574




350 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


22. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)

    The movements in deferred tax assets/(liabilities) during the year are as follows: (Continued)

    Deferred tax assets
                                              Losses                                                                            Fair value
                                        available for                                                                        adjustments
                                          offsetting    Provision for   Depreciation                                         arising from
                                      against future     impairment             and     Accrued   Unrealised   Deferred    acquisitions of        Lease
                                      taxable profits       of assets   amortisation   expenses       profit    income        subsidiaries    liabilities      Total
                                           RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000


    At 31 December 2021                      32,281          75,498           6,539     95,354       49,572     76,636             9,146         1,247      346,273
    Effect of adoption of
        amendments to HKAS12
       (note 2.2(c))                              —               —              —          —            —           —                 —       48,852        48,852


    At 1 January 2022 (restated)             32,281          75,498           6,539     95,354       49,572     76,636             9,146       50,099       395,125


    Acquisitions of subsidiaries                  —           1,020             675     41,185           —           —                 —             —       42,880
    Disposal of subsidiaries
       (note 42)                                  —             (569)            —          —            —           —                 —             —          (569)
    Deferred tax credited/(charged)
       to the statement of profit
       or loss during the year               85,714         (20,637)             75     13,079       42,607      (4,712)           (1,492)     28,916       143,550


    Gross deferred tax assets
       at 31 December 2022
       (restated)                           117,995          55,312           7,289    149,618       92,179     71,924             7,654       79,015       580,986




                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023        351
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


22. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)

     The movements in deferred tax assets/(liabilities) during the year are as follows: (Continued)

     Deferred tax liabilities
                                                    Fair value
                                           re-measurements
                                            of the remaining
                                            equity interest in                        Fair value
                                           associates arising                     adjustments            Fair value
                                           from the disposal                      arising from     adjustments of          Fair value
                                               of subsidiaries                 financial assets              equity     adjustments
                                                    and other       Deemed         at fair value       investment       arising from
                                                   temporary     disposal of    through profit      designated at     acquisitions of                  Right-of-use
                                                  differences     associates             or loss         fair value      subsidiaries   Depreciation         assets       Total
                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


     At 31 December 2021                            194,769      1,163,439               2,803                717         1,628,371        220,331              —     3,210,430
     Effect of adoption of amendments to
         HKAS12 (note 2.2(c))                              —             —                   —                  —                 —              —         48,852       48,852


     At 1 January 2022 (restated)                   194,769      1,163,439               2,803                717         1,628,371        220,331         48,852     3,259,282


     Acquisitions of subsidiaries                          —             —                   —                  —           293,454              —              —      293,454
     Deferred tax (credited)/charged
        to the statement of profit or
        loss during the year                               —             —                   (6)                —          (109,957)         36,235        28,780       (44,948)
     Disposals of subsidiaries (note 42)                   —             —                   —                  —             (7,651)            —             —          (7,651)
     Deferred tax charged to reserves
        during the year                                   —              —                   —                (286)               —              —              —          (286)
     Exchange differences                              4,727             —                   —                  —             (3,222)            —              —         1,505


     Gross deferred tax liabilities
        at 31 December 2022 (restated)              199,496      1,163,439               2,797                431         1,800,995        256,566         77,632     3,501,356




352 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


22. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)

    Net deferred tax assets and net deferred tax liabilities as at the respective reporting dates are as follows:

                                                                   2023                                    2022
                                                       Offset amount    Net amount             Offset amount        Net amount
                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000                  RMB’000           RMB’000


    Deferred tax assets                                        280,383            624,471             138,416          442,570


    Deferred tax liabilities                                   280,383          3,445,191             138,416        3,362,940


    Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items as they have arisen in subsidiaries that
    have been loss-making for some time and it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be available against
    which the following items can be utilised:

                                                                                                       2023              2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


    Tax losses                                                                                    11,138,269         9,043,112
    Deductible temporary differences                                                               1,780,646         1,590,402


                                                                                                  12,918,915        10,633,514


    There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payments of dividends by the Company to its shareholders.

23.	TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES — NON CURRENT

                                                                                                       2023              2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


    Trade receivables                                                                                 90,435              96,746
    Impairment                                                                                        (5,112)              (5,083)


    Net carrying amount                                                                               85,323              91,663




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023    353
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


23.	TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES — NON CURRENT (Continued)

     Movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                2023               2022
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000


     At beginning of year                                                                        5,083               395
     Impairment losses, net                                                                        901             4,257
     Amounts written off as uncollectible                                                         (939)               —
     Exchange realignment                                                                           67               431


     At end of year                                                                              5,112             5,083


24. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

                                                                                                2023               2022
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000


     Prepayments for purchase of items of property, plant and equipment                     1,431,182         1,367,007
     Prepayments for acquisitions of an associate company and subsidiaries                    265,486                —
     Prepayments for purchase of other intangible assets                                      694,566           976,564
     Deposits for purchase of prepaid land lease payments                                      22,200             7,600
     Loans to a related party                                                                 196,743           121,140
     Others                                                                                    96,451           484,438


     Total                                                                                  2,706,628         2,956,749


     Included in the Group’s other non-current assets are amounts due from a related party of the Group of
     RMB966,942,000 (2022: RMB906,596,000) arising from prepayments for purchase of items of property, plant and
     equipment. The balances were non-interest-bearing. In addition, included in the Group’s other non-current assets are
     amounts due from a joint venture of the Group of RMB196,743,000 (2022: RMB121,140,000) with an annual interest
     rate of 4.73%.




354 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


25. INVENTORIES

                                                                                                2023              2022
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


    Raw materials                                                                           2,199,240         2,639,494
    Work in progress                                                                        1,323,919         1,159,271
    Finished goods                                                                          3,534,766         3,105,468
    Spare parts and consumables                                                               664,557           139,150
    Others                                                                                     80,622            40,068


                                                                                            7,803,104         7,083,451
    Less: Provision                                                                          (265,336)         (201,019)


    Total                                                                                   7,537,768         6,882,432


26.	TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES/DEBT INVESTMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH
    OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                                2023              2022
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


    Trade receivables                                                                       7,643,737         7,588,099
    Bills receivable                                                                           24,492            24,843


    Total                                                                                   7,668,229         7,612,942


                                                                                                2023              2022
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


    Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                         642,569           558,927


    If an entity’s business model for the management of bank notes is aimed at both the collection of contract cash flows
    and the sale, it is classified as financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.

    The credit period for trade receivables is generally three months, which may be extended up to six months for major
    customers. Trade and bills receivables are non-interest-bearing.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   355
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


26.	TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES/DEBT INVESTMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH
    OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Continued)

     An ageing analysis of trade receivables, based on the invoice date and net of loss allowance, as at the respective
     reporting dates is as follows:

                                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000


     Within 1 year                                                                                   7,436,979          7,519,069
     1 to 2 years                                                                                      333,408            198,235
     2 to 3 years                                                                                       77,594             29,153
     Over 3 years                                                                                       64,952             48,834


     Total                                                                                           7,912,933          7,795,291

     Less: Loss allowance for impairment                                                              (269,196)           (207,192)


     Net Carrying Amount                                                                             7,643,737          7,588,099


     The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000


     At beginning of year                                                                              207,192             326,380
     Impairment losses, net                                                                            109,461               57,925
     Amounts written off as uncollectible                                                              (47,457)           (165,168)
     Decrease due to disposal of subsidiaries                                                               —               (11,945)


     At end of year                                                                                    269,196            207,192


     The increase (2022: decrease) in the loss allowance was due to the following significant changes in the gross carrying amount:

     (i)     Increase in the loss allowance of RMB163,929,000 as a result of an increase in trade receivables which were past
             due for within 1 year and 1 to 2 years (2022: increase in the loss allowance of RMB71,952,000 as a result of an
             increase in trade receivables which were current and past due for within 1 year and 1 to 2 years);

     (ii)    Decrease in the loss allowance of RMB54,468,000 (2022: RMB14,027,000) as a result of the receipt of
             outstanding trade receivables balances;

     (iii)   Decrease in the loss allowance of RMB47,457,000 (2022: RMB165,168,000) as a result of the write-off of certain
             trade receivables; and

     (iv)    Decrease in the loss allowance of nil (2022: RMB11,945,000) as a result of the disposal of subsidiaries.




356 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


26.	TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES/DEBT INVESTMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH
    OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Continued)

    An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected credit losses.
    The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments with similar loss patterns (i.e.,
    by geographical region, product type, customer type and rating, and coverage by letters of credit or other forms of
    credit insurance). The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable
    and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts
    of future economic conditions.

    Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a provision
    matrix:

    As at 31 December 2023

                                                                              Past due
                                                         Less than                                        Over
                                            Current         1 year 1 to 2 years 2 to 3 years            3 years          Total


    Expected credit loss rate                1.07%          5.41%       100.00%        100.00%        100.00%          3.40%
    Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)       6,309,557      1,481,702        61,978         17,191         42,505      7,912,933
    Expected credit losses (RMB’000)         67,319         80,203        61,978         17,191         42,505        269,196

    As at 31 December 2022

                                                                              Past due
                                                          Less than                                        Over
                                             Current         1 year   1 to 2 years   2 to 3 years        3 years         Total


    Expected credit loss rate                1.15%          3.17%       100.00%        100.00%        100.00%          2.66%
    Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)       6,095,333      1,614,328        35,658         19,803         30,169      7,795,291
    Expected credit losses (RMB’000)         70,329         51,233        35,658         19,803         30,169        207,192

    Receivables that were past due but not impaired related to a number of independent customers that had a good track
    record with the Group. Based on past experience, the directors were of the opinion that no provision for impairment
    under HKAS 39 was necessary in respect of these balances as there had not been a significant change in credit quality
    and the balances were still considered fully recoverable. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit
    enhancements over these balances.

    Included in the Group’s trade receivables are amounts due from the Group’s associates of RMB1,037,217,000 (2022:
    RMB1,126,384,000), the Group’s joint ventures of RMB4,000 (2022: RMB3,048,000) and other related companies of
    RMB191,724,000 (2022: RMB29,765,000). There was no bills receivable due from the Group’s associates (2022: nil).
    Included in the Group’s debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income are amounts due from the
    Group’s associates of RMB122,882,000 (2022: RMB161,257,000) and other related companies of RMB25,150,000 (2022:
    Nil). These balances due from associates, joint ventures and other related companies were trade in nature, non-interest-
    bearing and collectible on credit terms similar to those offered to the major customers of the Group.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   357
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


27. CONTRACT ASSETS

                                                                                                      2023               2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


     Contract assets arising from:
       Research and development services                                                             82,419                  —
       Profit-sharing                                                                                63,468                  —


                                                                                                    145,887                  —
     Impairment allowance                                                                                —                   —


     Total                                                                                          145,887                  —


     Contract assets are initially recognised for revenue earned from research and development services as the receipt of
     consideration is based on achieving of operational milestones under development plan. Included in contract assets for
     research and development services are retention receivables. Upon achievement of operational milestones, the amounts
     recognised as contract assets are reclassified to trade receivables. The increase in contract assets in 2023 was the result
     of the increase in the provision of research and development services at the end of the year.

     Contract assets are initially recognised for revenue earned from profit-sharing as the receipt of consideration is based
     on profit earned by the customer from selling the product in the market. Upon achievement of settlement conditions,
     the amounts recognised as contract assets are reclassified to trade receivables. The increase in contract assets in 2023
     was the result of the increase profit from product sales at the end of the year.

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, no allowance was recognised for expected credit losses on contract assets.
     The Group’s trading terms and credit policy with customers are disclosed in note 26 to the financial statements.

     The expected timing of recovery or settlement for contract assets as at 31 December is as follows:

                                                                                                      2023               2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


     Within one year                                                                                145,887                  —




358 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


28.	PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                                  2023              2022
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


    Advances to suppliers                                                                       884,582         1,607,466
    Other receivables                                                                         1,373,622         1,049,017


                                                                                              2,258,204         2,656,483
    Impairment allowance                                                                        (42,175)           (21,030)


    Total                                                                                     2,216,029         2,635,453


    An ageing analysis of prepayments, other receivables and other assets as at the respective reporting dates, net of loss
    allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                                  2023              2022
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


    Within 1 year                                                                             1,999,224         1,912,329
    1 to 2 years                                                                                111,036           135,049
    2 to 3 years                                                                                 57,666           553,951
    Over 3 years                                                                                 90,278            55,154


                                                                                              2,258,204         2,656,483
    Less: Loss allowance for impairment of other receivables                                    (42,175)          (21,030)


                                                                                              2,216,029         2,635,453




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   359
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


28.	PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS (Continued)

     The changes in the impairment allowance for other receivables based on 12-month and the entire life expectancy
     expected credit losses are as follows:

                                                                Stage 1          Stage 2          Stage 3
                                                          12-month ECLs    Lifetime ECLs    Lifetime ECLs       Total
                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000


     At 1 January 2023                                           21,030               —                —         21,030
     The balance of 1 January 2023 in this year
       — Stage Transition                                          (420)              —               420            —
     Provision for impairment losses for this year               25,505               —                —         25,505
     Impairment losses reversed for this year                    (3,940)              —                —         (3,940)
     Amounts written off as uncollectible for this year              —                —              (420)         (420)


     At 31 December 2023                                         42,175               —                —         42,175


                                                                Stage 1           Stage 2          Stage 3
                                                          12-month ECLs     Lifetime ECLs    Lifetime ECLs        Total
                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000


     At 1 January 2022                                           20,691               —                —         20,691
     The balance of 1 January 2022 in this year
       — Stage Transition                                        (2,848)              —             2,848            —
     Provision for impairment losses for this year                3,819               —                —          3,819
     Impairment losses reversed for this year                      (632)              —                —           (632)
     Amounts written off as uncollectible for this year              —                —            (2,848)       (2,848)


     At 31 December 2022                                         21,030               —                —         21,030


     Included in the Group’s prepayments, other receivables and other assets are amounts due from the Group’s associates
     of RMB22,561,000 (2022: RMB49,164,000), the Group’s joint ventures of RMB572,000 (2022: RMB463,000) and
     other related companies of RMB12,629,000 (2022: RMB15,009,000), respectively. These balances were non-interest-
     bearing and collectible on demand.




360 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


29.	FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                                                            2023                    2022
                                                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000


    Listed equity investments, at fair value                                                                            1,291,366              1,264,344
    Other unlisted equity investments, at fair value                                                                    1,637,244              1,911,199
    Debt investments, at fair value                                                                                            —                 141,818


    Total                                                                                                               2,928,610              3,317,361


    Current portion                                                                                                     1,888,496                928,532
    Non-current portion                                                                                                 1,040,114              2,388,829

    The above equity investments at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 were classified as financial assets at fair
    value through profit or loss as they were held for trading, or as the group has not elected to recognize the fair value
    gain or loss through other comprehensive income.

30. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                                                            2023                    2022
                                                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000


    Cash on hand                                                                                                            3,234                  2,672
    Cash at banks, unrestricted                                                                                         8,983,634             10,815,270
    Deposits in Fosun Finance*                                                                                            515,521                352,125


    Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated statement of cash flows                                     9,502,389             11,170,067
    Pledged bank balances to secure bills payable                                                                         255,683                232,660
    Term deposits with original maturity of more than three months in Fosun Finance*                                    1,374,800                632,500
    Other term deposits with original maturity of more than three months                                                2,560,719              4,206,086


    Cash and bank balances as stated in the consolidated statement of financial position                              13,693,591              16,241,313


    *       Fosun Finance is a licensed financial institution registered with the China Banking Regulatory Commission. Fosun Finance is a subsidiary of Fosun
            High Tech. Details of the deposits are given in note 46(d) to the financial statements.


    As at 31 December 2023, the cash and bank balances of the Group denominated in Renminbi (“RMB”) amounted to
    RMB10,236,879,000 (2022: RMB10,383,376,000). The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies. However,
    under Chinese Mainland’s prevailing rules and regulations over foreign exchange, the Group is permitted to exchange
    RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.




                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023         361
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


30. CASH AND BANK BALANCES (Continued)

     Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term time deposits are made for
     varying periods of between seven days and three months depending on the immediate cash requirements of the
     Group, and earn interest at the respective short-term time deposit rates. Term deposits with original maturity of more
     than three months earn interest at fixed interest rates for varying periods of between three months and one year. The
     bank balances and pledged deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default. Details of
     interest earned on deposits in Fosun Finance are set out in note 47(e) to the financial statements.

31.	ASSETS OF A DISPOSAL GROUP CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE

     On 23 August 2021, the Company announced its board resolution to dispose the 25.0011% equity interests in Tianjin
     Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (“Tianjin Pharma”) to a third party. The consideration of the disposal was
     RMB1,432,563,000. The transaction of disposal will be completed in three instalments, and 8.3337% of the equity
     interests in Tianjin Pharma will be disposed equally. By 31 December 2023, the Company has completed all 25.0011%
     equity transfer procedures and received a total of RMB1,432,563,000 in cash for the transfer of 25.0011% equity of
     Tianjin Pharma.

     The carrying value of assets of a disposal group classified as held for sale are presented below:

                                                                                                      2023           2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000


     Asset held for sale-Investments in associates                                                       —         419,578




362 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


32.	TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

                                                                                                    2023               2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


    Trade payables                                                                              5,507,366          5,426,162
    Bills payable                                                                                 652,253            857,879


    Total                                                                                       6,159,619          6,284,041


    Trade and bills payables are non-interest-bearing. Trade payable are normally settled on a two-month term, and bills
    payable are normally settled on 90 to 180-day terms.

    An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as
    follows:

                                                                                                    2023               2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


    Within 1 year                                                                               5,844,073          6,125,688
    1 to 2 years                                                                                  223,314            119,022
    2 to 3 years                                                                                   57,124             19,691
    Over 3 years                                                                                   35,108             19,640


    Total                                                                                       6,159,619          6,284,041


    Included in the Group’s trade payables are amounts due to the Group’s associates, joint ventures and other related
    companies of RMB70,949,000 (2022: RMB184,464,000), Nil (2022: Nil) and RMB79,097,000 (2022: RMB54,806,000),
    respectively. These balances due to associates, joint ventures and other related companies were trade in nature, non-
    interest-bearing and repayable on credit terms similar to those offered by the associates, joint ventures and other
    related companies to their major customers.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   363
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


33. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                                                           2023                   2022
                                                                                                     Notes              RMB’000                RMB’000


     Payables relating to purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                                            487,903                512,522
     Deposits received                                                                                                   350,963                527,087
     Payroll                                                                                                           1,978,116              1,640,222
     Value-added tax                                                                                                     177,814                187,608
     Other taxes                                                                                                         108,522                122,889
     Accrued interest expenses                                                                                            82,085                144,962
     Dividends payable to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                                                    17,317                 34,444
     Other accrued expenses                                                                                            2,676,846              3,118,546
     Payables for acquisitions of non-controlling interests, and subsidiaries                          (i)               232,865                182,318
     Payables to third parties                                                                         (ii)              455,202                484,524
     Subscription to restricted shares                                                                                    41,928                 60,561
     Advances for equity disposal of associates and subsidiaries                                                              —                 496,446
     Payables for purchases of fixed assets on installment                                                                 8,689                  8,931
     Loans from related parties                                                                        (iii)              34,924                 14,111
     Others                                                                                            (iv)              207,909                201,410


                                                                                                                       6,861,083              7,736,581
     Less: Non-current portion of payables for acquisitions of non-controlling
              interests and subsidiaries (note 38)                                                     (i)              (112,589)                (87,420)


     Total                                                                                                             6,748,494              7,649,161


     Notes:

     (i)      The balances as at 31 December 2023 mainly represent the cash considerations for the acquisitions of Yiyanyun, Xingyuanda Medical Technology,
              Xinshi Hospital, Anhui Jimin Hospital and for the assets purchase from PhotonMed International Limited of RMB4,500,000, RMB1,120,000,
              RMB80,920,000, RMB5,000,000 and RMB28,736,000 respectively. The non-current portion of payables for acquisitions of the non-controlling
              interests and subsidiaries as at 31 December 2023 mainly consists of the non-current portion of unpaid cash considerations of RMB6,500,000,
              RMB80,920,000 and RMB25,169,000 for the acquisitions of equity interests in Guangji Hospital and Xinshi Hospital and assets purchase from
              PhotonMed International Limited, respectively, which will be paid after 12 months.

     (ii)     Payables to third parties of RMB455,202,000 as at 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB484,524,000) bear no interest (2022: Nil) and are repayable on
              demand.

     (iii)    Included in the Group’s loans from related parties are amounts due to the Group’s other related companies of RMB34,924,000 (2022:
              RMB14,111,000). The annual interest rate is 5.80%. The loan period is from 5 December 2022 to 5 December 2023, extending to 4 December
              2024.

     (iv)     Other payables are non-interest-bearing and repayable on demand.

              Included in the Group’s other payables are amounts due to the Group’s associates, joint ventures and other related companies of RMB2,454,000
              (2022: RMB25,985,000), RMB1,697,000 (2022: RMB1,696,000) and RMB64,887,000 (2022: RMB34,928,000), respectively. These balances were
              non-interest-bearing and repayable on demand.




364 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


34. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS

                                              31 December 2023                      31 December 2022
                                      Effective                              Effective
                                        Interest                              Interest
                                       rate (%)     Maturity     RMB’000     rate (%)       Maturity     RMB’000


    Current
    Bank loans — unsecured            0.10–4.90        2024    14,657,291   0.40–5.12          2023    11,865,460
    Bank loans — secured (note (a))   3.70–3.90        2024        36,530   3.60–4.45          2023        28,247

    Current portion of long term
    bank loans — unsecured            0.30–4.83        2024     3,681,893   0.30–4.83          2023     2,632,506
    bank loans — secured (note (a))   3.53–4.45        2024       193,196   3.76–4.45          2023       144,315
    Corporate bonds — unsecured
      (note (b))                            3.5        2024      499,908    3.50–3.98          2023     2,345,832


    Total-current                                              19,068,818                              17,016,360


    Non-current
    Bank loans — unsecured            0.30–7.04    2025–2030   11,618,949   0.30–6.01    2024–2030      9,948,556
    Bank loans — secured (note (a))   3.53–5.00    2025–2030    1,885,974   3.55–4.50    2024–2030      1,651,881


    Subtotal-non-current                                       13,504,923                              11,600,437


    Corporate bonds — unsecured
      (note (b))                             —            —            —         3.50          2024       499,431


    Total — non-current                                        13,504,923                              12,099,868


    Total                                                      32,573,741                              29,116,228




                                                                                         Annual Report 2023   365
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


34. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued)

                                                            2023            2022
                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000


     Analysed into:
       Bank loans and overdrafts repayable:
         Within one year or on demand                   18,568,910     14,670,528
         In the second year                              6,264,630      2,869,710
         In the third to fifth years, inclusive          6,193,279      6,463,773
         Beyond five years                               1,047,014      2,266,954


     Subtotal                                           32,073,833     26,270,965


       Other borrowings repayable:
         Within one year                                     499,908    2,345,832
         In the second year                                       —       499,431


     Subtotal                                                499,908    2,845,263


     Total                                              32,573,741     29,116,228




366 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


34. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued)

    Foreign currency loans
                                                                                                                             2023                    2022
                                                                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000


    USD:
      Secured                                                                                                                   —                      —
      Unsecured                                                                                                          4,133,776              4,955,662


                                                                                                                         4,133,776              4,955,662


    EUR:
      Secured                                                                                                                   —                      —
      Unsecured                                                                                                          2,623,122              2,905,534


                                                                                                                         2,623,122              2,905,534


    SEK:
      Secured                                                                                                                    —                  13,984
      Unsecured                                                                                                              10,680                     —


                                                                                                                             10,680                 13,984


    Notes:

    (a)      Certain of the Group’s bank loans are secured by:

             (i)     mortgages over the Group’s buildings, which had a net carrying value at the end of the reporting period of approximately
                     RMB1,487,653,000 (2022: RMB243,687,000);

             (ii)    mortgages over the Group’s prepaid land lease payments, which had a net carrying value at the end of the reporting period of
                     approximately RMB614,613,000 (2022: RMB505,506,000);

             (iii)   mortgages over the Group’s construction in progress, which had a net carrying value at the end of the reporting period of approximately
                     RMB629,372,000 (2022: RMB1,036,485,000);

             (iv)    mortgages over the Group’s patent, which had a net carrying value at the end of the reporting period of approximately RMB355,000;

             (v)     58.67% equity of its subsidiary Suzhou Baidao Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (2022: 58.67%).

    (b)      On 9 March 2022, the Company issued medium-term notes with a maturity of four years in an aggregate amount of RMB500,000,000, which
             bear interest at 3.50% per annum. The interest is payable annually in arrears and the maturity date is 9 March 2026. The holders of the corporate
             bonds with a maturity of four years, have the right, at their option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash the corporate bonds in whole
             or in part at the interest payment date of the second interest-bearing year (namely 2024). As at 31 December 2023, the book value of the four-
             year corporate bonds is RMB499,908,000.




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023         367
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


35.	LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                   31 December 2023                         31 December 2022
                                           Effective                                  Effective
                                             Interest                                  Interest
                                            rate (%)     Maturity     RMB’000         rate (%)       Maturity   RMB’000


     Current
     Lease liability                     weighted           2024       329,525       weighted           2023    184,406
                                       average 4.72                               average 4.72


     Non-current
     Lease liability                     weighted       2024–2041     2,049,589      weighted      2023–2038    744,992
                                       average 4.72                               average 4.72


     Total                                                            2,379,114                                 929,398


                                                                                                     2023          2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000


     Analysed into:
       Lease liabilities:
         Within one year                                                                        329,525         184,406
         In the second to fifth years, inclusive                                              1,119,057         570,932
         Beyond five years                                                                      930,532         174,060



     Total                                                                                    2,379,114         929,398




368 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


36. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

    Details of contract liabilities as at 31 December 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                                                  31 December             31 December
                                                                                                                         2023                    2022
                                                                                                                      RMB’000                 RMB’000


    Warranty services                                                                                                   105,722                 94,802
    Advances from customers                                                                                           1,414,559              1,804,374


    Total contract liabilities                                                                                        1,520,281              1,899,176


    Current portion                                                                                                   1,200,496              1,544,763
    Non-current portion                                                                                                 319,785                354,413

    Contract liabilities include advances received to deliver products and warranty services. The decrease in contract
    liabilities in 2023 was mainly due to the decrease in advances received from customers at the end of the year.

    Included in the Group’s contract liabilities are amounts due to the Group’s associates, joint ventures and other related
    companies of RMB9,949,000 (2022: RMB31,336,000), Nil (2022: Nil) and RMB5,135,000 (2022: RMB701,000),
    respectively. These balances were non-interest-bearing and repayable on demand.

37. DEFERRED INCOME

                                                                                                                          2023                    2022
                                                                                                     Notes             RMB’000                 RMB’000


    Government grants                                                                                  (i)               639,399                632,433


    Notes:

    (i)      Government grants were received by the Group as financial subsidies for some research and development projects, industrial development funds
             and value-added tax refund. Government grants are recognised as income over the periods necessary to match the grants on a systematic basis to
             the costs that they are intended to compensate. There are no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these grants.

             The movements in government grants during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                                             2023                   2022
                                                                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000


             At 1 January                                                                                                  632,433                512,806
             Additions                                                                                                     130,566                211,867
             Recognised as income during the year                                                                         (123,600)                (92,054)
             Others                                                                                                             —                     (186)


             At 31 December                                                                                                639,399                632,433




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023        369
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


38. OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES

                                                                                                                                 2023                    2022
                                                                                                          Notes               RMB’000                 RMB’000


     Staff placement fees                                                                                   (i)                 23,186                   24,130
     Payables for acquisitions of non-controlling interests and subsidiaries                                (ii)               112,589                   87,420
     Share redemption option granted to non-controlling shareholders
       of subsidiaries                                                                                      (iii)            1,601,368               1,550,983
     Payables for purchases of fixed assets on installment                                                                      23,505                  30,461
     Long-term employee payable                                                                                                141,476                  42,068
     Other financial liabilities                                                                                               878,407                 631,411
     Others                                                                                                                    356,343                 195,808


                                                                                                                             3,136,874               2,562,281


     Notes:

     (i)      Staff placement fees represent liabilities incurred by certain subsidiaries of the Group before 2008 in respect of the retirement benefits of certain
              employees and retirees.

     (ii)     Payables for acquisitions of non-controlling interests and subsidiaries as at 31 December 2023 mainly represent the non-current portion of unpaid
              cash considerations of RMB6,500,000, RMB80,920,000 and RMB25,169,000 for the acquisitions of non-controlling interests in Guangji Hospital,
              Xinshi Hospital and assets purchase from PhotonMed International Limited, respectively, which will be paid after 12 months (note 33(i)).

     (iii)    The share redemption option granted to non-controlling shareholders of Antejin and Suzhou Baidao represented the liability of the Group to
              acquire the non-controlling interests owned by the non-controlling shareholders as at 31 December 2023.


39.	SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                        2023                                             2022
                                                                          Number of                                         Number of
                                                                             shares          Nominal value                     shares           Nominal value
                                                                               ’000              RMB’000                         ’000              RMB’000


     Shares
     Restricted shares
       A Shares of RMB1 each                                                      2,743                   2,743                109,258                 109,258


     Unrestricted shares
       A Shares of RMB1 each                                                2,117,715               2,117,715                2,010,958               2,010,958
       H Shares of RMB1 each                                                  551,941                 551,941                  551,941                 551,941


                                                                            2,672,399               2,672,399                2,672,157               2,672,157




370 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


39.	SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)

    A summary of movements in the company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                                                     2023                                           2022
                                                                        Number of                                       Number of
                                                                           shares         Nominal value                    shares          Nominal value
                                                    Notes                    ’000             RMB’000                        ’000             RMB’000


    At 1 January                                                         2,672,157               2,672,157              2,562,899               2,562,899
    Issue of A Shares                                 (i)                       —                       —                 106,757                 106,757
    Share incentive scheme                            (ii)                     372                     372                  2,501                   2,501
    Shares repurchased                                (ii)                    (130)                   (130)                    —                       —


    At 31 December                                                       2,672,399               2,672,399              2,672,157               2,672,157


    Notes:

    (i)      On 27 July 2022, the Company completed an issue of 106,757,000 A shares. The net proceeds received from the issue were amounted to
             RMB4,456,199,000, after deduction of issue expenses of RMB27,581,000. Part of proceeds, amounting to RMB106,757,000, was credited as
             issued and fully paid share capital, and the remaining balance of RMB4,349,442,000 was credited to share premium.

             On January 30, 2023, the restrictions on the sale of 106,756,666 A-shares of the aforementioned non-public offering were lifted.

    (ii)     The restricted A shares were issued pursuant to the share incentive scheme adopted by the Company. Please refer to note 45 to the financial
             statements for more details.


40.	RESERVES

    The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are presented in the
    consolidated statements of changes in equity on pages 272 to 273 of the financial statements.

    Statutory surplus reserve
    According to the relevant PRC regulations and the articles of association of the Company in the PRC, the Company is
    required to transfer 10% of its profit after income tax, as determined under the Chinese Accounting Standards, to the
    statutory surplus reserve until the reserve balance reaches 50% of its registered capital. The transfer to this reserve must
    be made before the distribution of dividends to equity owners. The statutory surplus reserve can be used to make good
    previous years’ losses, if any, and may be converted into paid-in capital/issued share capital in proportion to the existing
    interests of equity owners, provided that the balance after such conversion is not less than 25% of its registered capital.
    This reserve is non-distributable other than in liquidation.




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023      371
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


41. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

     The major acquisitions of subsidiaries accounted for as business combinations are set out as follows:

     On 27 April 2023, Gland Pharma International PTE Ltd, a subsidiary of the Company, acquired 100.00% equity interests
     in Phixen SAS from an independent third party. The consideration for the acquisition was equivalent to
     RMB862,179,000. After the acquisition, the Group holds 100% equity interests in Phixen SAS. The Group determined
     that the acquisition date of this transaction was 27 April 2023, and Phixen SAS was included in the scope of
     consolidation from 27 April 2023.

     On 28 June 2023, Alma Hong Kong 2023 Limited (“Alma HK”), a subsidiary of the Company, entered into an asset
     purchase agreement with PhotonMed International Limited (“PhotonMed HK”) and its owner, pursuant to which Alma
     HK has agreed to purchase the business (comprising the target assets). After the completion of the acquisition on 28
     June 2023, Alma HK shall issue 40% of its shares to PhotonMed HK so that Alma and PhotonMed HK will hold 60%
     and 40% of the total issued shares of Alma HK, respectively. The total consideration is an amount of up to
     RMB270,000,000, including contingent portion up to RMB37,500,000, which is subject to adjustment in relation to the
     target revenue and earnings. The Group determined that the acquisition date of this transaction was 28 June 2023.

     On 14 September 2023, Guangzhou Fukang Health Management Co.,Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, acquired
     100.00% equity interests in Guangzhou Xinyitang Pharmacy Co.,Ltd (“Guangzhou Xinyitang”) from an independent
     third party. The consideration for the acquisition was RMB500,000. After the acquisition, the Group holds 100% equity
     interests in Guangzhou Xinyitang. The Group determined that the acquisition date of this transaction was 14
     September 2023, and Guangzhou Xinyitang was included in the scope of consolidation from 14 September 2023.

     On 9 October 2023, the Company acquired 6.00% equity interests in Jianjia Medical Investment Management Co.,Ltd.
     (“Jianjia Medical”) from an independent third party. The consideration for the acquisition was RMB120,000,000. After
     the acquisition, the Group holds 51% equity interests in Jianjia Medical. The Group determined that the acquisition
     date of this transaction was 9 October 2023, and Jianjia Medical was included in the scope of consolidation from 9
     October 2023.

     On 12 October 2023, Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical Industrial Development Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company,
     acquired 50.00% equity interests in Shanghai Yaokang Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Yaokang”)
     from an independent third party. The consideration for the acquisition was RMB2,400,000. After the acquisition, the
     Group holds 100% equity interests in Shanghai Yaokang. The Group determined that the acquisition date of this
     transaction was 12 October 2023, and Shanghai Yaokang was included in the scope of consolidation from 12 October
     2023.

     *     The English names of the companies registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the management of the Company in directly
           translating the Chinese names of these companies.


     The above acquisitions were undertaken under the Group’s strategy to further improve the Group’s pharmaceutical
     manufacturing, medical devices and medical diagnosis and health care service.

     The Group has elected to measure the non-controlling interests in all the subsidiaries acquired at the non-controlling
     interests’ proportionate share of the acquired subsidiaries’ identifiable net assets.




372 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


41. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (Continued)

    The provisional fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of all the subsidiaries acquired as at the dates of
    acquisition (Note: *) were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                  Fair value
                                                                                                                                                 recognised
                                                                                                                                              on acquisition*
                                                                                                                                  Notes            RMB’000

    Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                   15               3,095,084
    Right-of-use assets                                                                                                             16               1,401,441
    Other intangible assets                                                                                                         18                 557,448
    Deferred tax assets                                                                                                             22                 146,641
    Trade and bills receivables-Non current                                                                                                                305
    Other non-current assets                                                                                                                            29,494
    Inventories                                                                                                                                        442,840
    Trade and bills receivables                                                                                                                        556,385
    Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                                                                    449,671
    Assets held for sale                                                                                                                                   500
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                          308,580
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings — current                                                                                              (579,547)
    Trade and bills payables                                                                                                                          (592,718)
    Other payables and accruals                                                                                                                       (511,894)
    Lease liabilities — current                                                                                                                        (26,373)
    Contract liabilities                                                                                                                              (114,542)
    Tax payable                                                                                                                                          (1,739)
    Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                        22                (191,596)
    Deferred income                                                                                                                                       (824)
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings — non-current                                                                                        (1,243,744)
    Provision                                                                                                                                           (2,992)
    Lease liabilities — non current                                                                                                                 (1,375,913)
    Other long-term liabilities                                                                                                                       (143,896)

    Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                         (958,865)
    Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                                                                      1,243,746

    Goodwill                                                                                                                                           413,733

                                                                                                                                                     1,657,479

    Satisfied by:
      Cash consideration paid in 2023                                                                                                                1,217,579
      Cash consideration payable                                                                                                                        37,500
      Fair value of equity investments held by the Group                                                                                               402,400

    Total                                                                                                                                            1,657,479


    *       As of the date of approval of these financial statements, the purchase price allocation of identifiable assets and liabilities of the acquired
            subsidiaries and goodwill recognition were completed at the date of acquisition, except for the evaluation of the medical equipment and
            trademark rights acquired from the acquisition of Jianjia Medical Investment Management Co.,Ltd. and the fair value of the equity previously held
            at the date of acquisition which had not been completed. Accordingly, the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the acquisition of
            Jianjia Medical Investment Management Co.,Ltd. and the amount of goodwill at the acquisition date could only be determined provisionally, and
            adjustments to the recognised provisional amount before 9 October 2024 (12 months after the acquisition date) are deemed to have been
            recognised and measured at the acquisition date. Except for the above acquisition, the purchase price allocation of identifiable assets and liabilities
            of the remaining acquired subsidiaries in 2023 and goodwill recognition were completed at the date of acquisition.




                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023         373
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


41. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (Continued)

     The fair values of trade and bills receivables and other receivables as at the dates of acquisitions amounted to
     RMB556,385,000 and RMB449,671,000, respectively. The gross contractual amounts of trade receivables and other
     receivables were RMB588,988,000 and RMB449,671,000, respectively, of which trade and bills receivables of
     RMB32,603,000 and other receivables of RMBnil are expected to be uncollectible.

     An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisitions of subsidiaries is as follows:

                                                                                                                RMB’000


     Cash consideration paid                                                                                   1,217,579
     Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                          308,580
     Prepayments for acquisition of a subsidiary                                                                  15,000


     Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from investing activities                   923,999


     Since the acquisitions, the acquired subsidiaries contributed the addition of RMB1,560,353,000 to the Group’s revenue
     and the deduction of RMB145,692,000 to the Group’s profit after tax for the year ended 31 December 2023.

     Had the combinations taken place at the beginning of the year, the revenue and the profit after tax of the Group for
     the year would have been RMB42,849,950,000 and RMB2,778,566,000, respectively.




374 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


42. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES

    During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group entered into an equity interest transfer agreement with
    an independent third party, to dispose of 100% of equity interest in Xuzhou Wanbang Cloud Pharmacy Chain Co.,
    Ltd.* ( 徐 州 萬 邦 雲 藥 房 連 鎖 有 限 公 司 ) for a consideration of RMB1,219,000. The disposal date was
    27 September 2023. This subsidiary was not included in the consolidated financial statements of the Group hereafter.

    *     The English names of the companies registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the management of the Company in directly
          translating the Chinese names of these companies.


    The financial information of above subsidiaries at the date of disposal is as follows:

                                                                                                                 2023                  2022
                                                                                            Notes             RMB’000               RMB’000


    Net assets disposed of:
      Property, plant and equipment                                                           15                    163                78,891
      Right-of-use assets                                                                     16                     —                 14,031
      Other intangible assets                                                                 18                     —                 58,558
      Deferred tax assets                                                                                            —                     569
      Inventory                                                                                                   1,542                69,318
      Trade and bills receivables                                                                                 1,162                66,981
      Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                             2,065                19,715
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                      —                 39,412
      Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings-current                                                             —              (108,450)
      Trade and bills payables                                                                                     (552)              (21,901)
      Other payables and accruals                                                                                (2,115)            (109,933)
      Contract liabilities                                                                                           —                (10,052)
      Tax payable                                                                                                    —                  (2,157)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                       —                  (7,651)


                                                                                                                  2,265               87,331

    Non-controlling interests                                                                                        —                (14,701)
    Goodwill                                                                                                         —                 59,244
    Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                                           7                 (1,046)             351,840


    Total consideration                                                                                           1,219              483,714


    Satisfied by:
      Cash                                                                                                        1,219              429,406




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023      375
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


42. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

     An analysis of the net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of subsidiaries is as follows:

                                                                                                       2023                2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000


     Cash consideration                                                                                 1,219           429,406
     Cash and bank balances disposed of                                                                    —             (39,412)
     Cash considerations to be received                                                                  (919)                —
     Receipt of unpaid cash consideration as at 31 December 2022                                           —            319,220


     Net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of subsidiaries                   300           709,214


43. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

     (a)   Major non-cash transactions
           During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of RMB302,514,000
           (2022: RMB237,284,000) and RMB308,537,000 (2022: RMB224,653,000),respectively, in respect of lease
           arrangements for buildings, plant and equipment and motor vehicles.

     (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
           2023
                                                                                                    Loans from
                                                                                                related parties
                                                                                                    included in
                                                                    Bank and            Lease other payables            Interest
                                                                  other loans       liabilities   and accruals          payable
                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000


           At 1 January 2023                                       29,116,228         929,398             14,111        144,962

           Changes from financing cash flows                        1,365,641        (251,707)            20,813              —
           New leases                                                      —          308,537                 —               —
           Covid-19-related rent recessions from lessors                   —             (277)                —               —
           Lease termination                                               —          (72,764)                —               —
           Interest paid                                                   —               —                  —       (1,331,338)
           Foreign exchange movement                                  268,935          12,721                 —          (54,928)
           Interest expense                                              (354)         50,920                 —        1,274,265
           Increase arising from acquisition of subsidiaries        1,823,291       1,402,286                 —               —
           Decrease arising from disposal of subsidiaries                  —               —                  —               —
           Interests capitalised under construction in progress            —               —                  —           49,124


           At 31 December 2023                                     32,573,741       2,379,114             34,924            82,085




376 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


43. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)

    (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)
         2022
                                                                                                    Loans from
                                                                                                 related parties
                                                                                                     included in
                                                                  Bank and             Lease     other payables     Interest
                                                                other loans        liabilities     and accruals     payable
                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000              RMB’000     RMB’000


         At 1 January 2022                                      24,509,312         789,856              24,342     154,892

         Changes from financing cash flows                       3,747,388        (190,802)            (10,231)           —
         New leases                                                     —          224,653                  —             —
         Covid-19-related rent recessions from lessors                  —          (11,345)                 —             —
         Lease termination                                              —          (16,903)                 —             —
         Interest paid                                                  —               —                   —      (937,336)
         Foreign exchange movement                                 747,737           8,253                  —        (38,669)
         Interest expense                                             (963)         44,459                  —       920,311
         Increase arising from acquisition of subsidiaries         221,204          81,227                  —             —
         Decrease arising from disposal of subsidiaries           (108,450)             —                   —             —
         Interests capitalised under construction in progress           —               —                   —         45,764


         At 31 December 2022                                    29,116,228        929,398               14,111     144,962


    (c)	Total cash outflow for leases
         The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flow is as follows:

                                                                                                      2023            2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000


         Within operating activities                                                               113,749          84,658
         Within financing activities                                                               251,707         190,802


         Total                                                                                     365,456         275,460




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   377
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


44.	PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

     Details of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests are set out below:

                                                                                                       2023           2022


     Percentage of equity interest held by non-controlling interests:
       Gland Pharma                                                                                 42.14%         42.13%


                                                                                                     2023            2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


     Profit for the year allocated to non-controlling interests:
       Gland Pharma                                                                                 166,459        290,359


                                                                                                     2023            2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


     Accumulated balances of non-controlling interests at the reporting date:
       Gland Pharma                                                                               3,592,833      3,364,910


     The following tables illustrate the summarised financial information of the above subsidiary. The amounts disclosed are
     before any inter-company eliminations:

                                                                                                     2023            2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


     Revenue                                                                                      4,206,796      3,371,454
     Total expenses                                                                                (615,717)      (268,222)
     Profit for the year                                                                            395,015        689,033
     Total comprehensive income for the year                                                        540,871        573,495


     Current assets                                                                               5,349,293      5,661,057
     Non-current assets                                                                           5,325,539      3,612,872
     Current liabilities                                                                         (1,291,199)      (767,755)
     Non- current liabilities                                                                      (857,197)      (521,101)


     Net cash flows from operating activities                                                       511,472        781,437
     Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                   (199,926)      (946,382)
     Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities                                            (664,647)        11,563


     Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                     (353,101)      (153,382)




378 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


45.	SHARE OPTION SCHEME

    (a)	Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme
         The Company operated a share incentive scheme (the “Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme”) for the purpose of
         providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations.
         Eligible participants of the Scheme include the Company’s directors, including independent non-executive
         directors, other employees of the Group, suppliers of goods or services to the Group, customers of the Group,
         the Company’s shareholders, and any non-controlling shareholder in the Company’s subsidiaries. The Scheme
         became effective on 1 December 2022 and, will remain no longer than 5 years from that date.

         The Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme was approved by the shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”)
         at the 2022 second extraordinary general meeting of the Company, the 2022 second class meeting of A
         shareholders and the 2022 second class meeting of H shareholders convened on 29 November 2022. On 1
         December 2022, relevant resolutions were considered and passed at the Company’s 17th meeting of the 9th
         session of the board of directors and the 5th meeting of the 9th session of the Supervisory Committee, pursuant
         to which the date of grant for the A Share First Grant was set on 1 December 2022.

         On 1 December 2022 (the “Date of Grant”), pursuant to the A Share First Grant of the Restricted A Share
         Incentive Scheme, 2,706,400 A shares of the Company were granted to 138 eligible participants of the Restricted
         A Share Incentive Scheme (the “Share Incentive Participants”) at a grant price of RMB21.29 per share. The Share
         Incentive Participants include executive directors, the members of senior management of the Company, other
         mid-level management personnel, core technicians and other key personnel identified by the Board of Directors
         who have a direct impact on the overall performance and sustainable development of the Group.

         126 out of 138 of the Share Incentive Participants have accepted and subscribed with their own funds under the
         Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme and a total of 2,501,400 Restricted A Shares (the “Restricted Shares”) have
         been issued by the Company to the relevant Share Incentive Participants.

         On 1 September 2023 (the “Date of Grant”), pursuant to the A Share Reserved Grant of the Restricted A Share
         Incentive Scheme, 417,600 A shares of the Company were granted to 94 eligible participants of the Restricted A
         Share Incentive Scheme (the “Share Incentive Participants”) at a grant price of RMB21.29 per share. The Share
         Incentive Participants include the members of senior management of the Company, other mid-level management
         personnel, core technicians and other key personnel identified by the Board of Directors who have a direct impact
         on the overall performance and sustainable development of the Group.

         80 out of 94 of the Share Incentive Participants have accepted and subscribed with their own funds under the
         Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme and a total of 371,600 Restricted A Shares (the “Restricted Shares”) have
         been issued by the Company to the relevant Share Incentive Participants.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   379
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


45.	SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

     (a)	Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme (Continued)
           The various equity instruments granted are as follows:

                              Granted during the year Exercised during the year Unlocked during the year* Forfeited during the year
                                Quantity      Amount     Quantity       Amount     Quantity      Amount      Quantity       Amount


           Share Incentive
             Participants         371,600       7,911,000                —               —         774,114     16,481,000          129,500       2,757,000


           *      The lock-up period applicable to the Shares expired in December 2023 and the shares were listed for circulation in January 2024.


           The equity instruments outstanding at the end of the year are as follows:

                                                                                                               Restricted A share
                                                                                                                             Remaining term
                                                                                                        Exercise prices           of contract


           Share Incentive Participants                                                                        RMB21.29                        1–2 years


           Equity settled share payments are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                     2023


           Method for determining the fair value of Incentive                                            The market stock price of the company
             Scheme Restricted A Share granted                                                                on grant day less the grant price
           Key parameters of fair value of Incentive Scheme                                                            Stock price on grant day
             Restricted A Share granted
           The basis for determining the number of feasible                           The best estimate of the year-end estimated feasibility
             equity instruments
           Reasons for significant differences between this                                                                                          None
             year’s estimate and last year’s estimate
           The cumulative amount of equity settled share                                                                                     11,565,000
             payments included in other reserve

           Total amount of RMB9,765,000 share payment expenses was incurred from the above Restricted A Share
           Incentive Scheme for the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB1,800,000).




380 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


45.	SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

    (b)	Subsidiaries’ Share Incentive Schemes
         As at 14 April 2018, approved by the second extraordinary general meeting of Henlix, a subsidiary of the
         Company, passed a share incentive scheme and granted 22,750,000 restricted shares to eligible participants at a
         price of RMB9.21 per share. As at 10 December 2020, Henlix granted 2,780,700 restricted shares to eligible
         participants at a price of RMB9.21 per share. As at 7 April 2021, at 13 July 2021, and at 30 November 2021,
         Henlix granted 531,050 restricted shares to eligible participants at a price of RMB9.21 per share. The 531,050
         shares of common stock granted in April, July and November 2021 are from restricted shares that were released
         from embargoes upon departure of share-incentive plan participants in 2018 and 2020. Henlix recognised an
         amount of RMB2,627,000 as related expenses for the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB13,221,000).

         As at 27 June 2019, Gland Pharma, a subsidiary of the Company, passed a share incentive scheme and granted
         154,650 restricted shares to eligible participants at a price of equivalent RMB540 per share. On 17 March 2020,
         Gland Pharma subdivided its shares into ten shares for each issued share. After the completion of subdivision,
         adjustment was made in accordance with the terms of the Gland Pharma Share Option Incentive Scheme for the
         exercise of the outstanding options and the number of Gland Pharma shares that options might be placed and
         issued upon exercise of all outstanding options. Gland Pharma recognised an amount of RMBnil as related
         expenses for the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB972,000).

         As at 2 December 2021, Sisram Medical, a subsidiary of the Company, approved by the extraordinary general
         meeting of Sisram Medical, granted 3,716,060 restricted shares (equivalent to a total of 3,716,060 Sisram shares)
         to eligible participants. 80,000 shares, 1,137,009 shares and 1,050,483 shares will be unlocked in 2021, 2022
         and 2023 respectively. Sisram Medical recognised an amount of RMB3,469,000 as related expenses for the year
         ended 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB21,257,000).

         Fosun Health approved the incentive plan in 2022 and granted 43,590,000 restricted shares (at the grant price of
         RMB1/share) and 146,919,000 stock options (at the exercise price of RMB1/share) to eligible participants for the
         first time. Fosun Health approved the incentive plan in 2023 and granted 2,544,880 restricted shares (at the grant
         price of RMB1/share) and 64,192,020 stock options (at the exercise price of RMB1/share) to eligible participants.
         In 2023, 1,500,000 restricted shares of one incentive object that have been received but have not yet vested were
         repurchased. Fosun Health recognised an amount of RMB19,223,000 as related expenses for the year ended 31
         December 2023 (2022: RMB17,233,000).

         As at 1 January 2023 and 31 August 2023, Shanghai Jingshan Biotechnology Co.,Ltd, a subsidiary of the
         Company, granted 565,000 and 426,612 share options to the incentive subjects respectively at the exercise price
         of RMB1 per share. Shanghai Jingshan recognised an amount of RMB814,000 as related expenses for the year
         ended 31 December 2023 (2022: nil).




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   381
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


46. COMMITMENTS

     The Group had the following capital commitments as at 31 December 2023:

                                                                                                   2023               2022
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


     Prepared land lease payments, plant and machinery                                          2,805,800         4,061,858
     Investments                                                                                1,476,998         2,407,985


     Total                                                                                      4,282,798         6,469,843


47.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere, the Group had the following transactions with related parties during
     the year:

     (a)	Sales of products and rendering of services
                                                                                                   2023               2022
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


             Sinopharm Group Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries (notes 4 & 7 & 9)                   6,430,014         5,718,433
             C.Q. Pharmaceutical Holding Co.,Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                (notes 3 & 7 & 11 & 20)                                                         1,022,760           856,137
             Fosun International Limited and its subsidiaries (notes 6 & 7 & 11 & 12)              23,332            11,483
             Suzhou Fund (notes 1 & 7 & 11)                                                        20,728            10,710
             Shanghai Fosun Public Welfare Foundation (notes 3 & 7)                                11,455            49,841
             Fosun United Health Insurance Company Ltd (notes 3 & 7)                                8,188                26
             Tianjin Fund (notes 1 & 7 & 11)                                                        6,763             4,928
             Fosun Kite Biological Technology Co., Ltd (notes 2 & 7)                                4,959             6,755
             Shanghai Lingjian Information Technology Co., Ltd (notes 1 & 7)                        4,129             7,310
             Huaihai Hospital Management Co., Ltd (notes 1 & 7)                                     2,901                —
             Beijing Jinxiang Fosun Pharmaceutical Joint Stock Co., Ltd. (notes 1 & 7)              2,715            15,214
             Jingfukang Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd (notes 3 & 7 & 21)                            2,390             4,425
             Shanghai Yaokang Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd. (notes 2 & 7 & 18)                1,306               123
             Intuitive Surgical-Fosun Medical Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
                (notes 1 & 7)                                                                       1,295              2,894
             Tongde Equity Investment and Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (notes 5 & 7)                60                122
             Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (notes 3 & 7)                                    36                 66
             SINNOWA Medical Science & Technology Co., Ltd. (notes 1 & 7)                              20                 —
             New Frontier Health Corporation and its subsidiaries (notes 1 &7)                         —                 286
             Shanghai Fosun Bund Property Co., Ltd. (notes 6 & 7 & 19)                                 —                   5
             Shanghai Xingmai Information Technology Co., Ltd (notes 3 & 7 & 11 & 22)                  —                  10


                                                                                                7,543,051         6,688,768




382 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


47.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (b)	Purchases of products and services
                                                                                             2023            2022
                                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000


         Sinopharm Group Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries (notes 4 & 7 & 9)                 362,213         358,804
         C.Q. Pharmaceutical Holding Co.,Ltd. and its subsidiaries
            (notes 3 & 7 & 11& 20)                                                        183,361         125,358
         Fosun International Limited and its subsidiaries (notes 6 & 7 & 11 & 13)          49,276          83,751
         Tongde Equity Investment and Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (notes 5 & 7)         9,900          10,398
         Fosun United Health Insurance Company Ltd (notes 3 & 7)                            9,575          22,064
         Saladax Biomedical, Inc. (notes 1 & 7)                                             6,638           3,276
         Fosun Kite Biological Technology Co., Ltd (notes 2 & 7)                            3,332             416
         Intuitive Surgical-Fosun Medical Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (notes 1 & 7)     1,753             497
         Anhui Sunhere Pharmaceuticals Excipients Co., Ltd. (notes 1 & 7)                   1,107           3,846
         SINNOWA Medical Science & Technology Co., Ltd. (notes 1 & 7)                         563             581
         Huaihai Hospital Management Co., Ltd (notes 1 & 7)                                   156             298
         Shanghai Lingjian Information Technology Co., Ltd (notes 1 & 7)                       33              36
         Beijing Jinxiang Fosun Pharmaceutical Joint Stock Co., Ltd. (notes 1 & 7)             30              —
         Fosun Nanfeng (Shenzhen) Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (notes 2 & 7 & 24)              —            8,892


                                                                                          627,937         618,217


    (c)	Leasing and property management services
         As lessor
                                                                                             2023            2022
                                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000


         Suzhou Fund (notes 1 & 8 & 11)                                                    14,497                 —
         Fosun Kite Biological Technology Co., Ltd (notes 2 & 8)                            8,441              7,756
         Fosun International Limited and its subsidiaries (notes 6 & 8 & 11 & 14)             981                873
         Tongde Equity Investment and Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (notes 5 & 8)           970                864
         Intuitive Surgical-Fosun Medical Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (notes 1 & 8)       256                228
         New Frontier Health Corporation and its subsidiaries (notes 1 & 8)                    —                  13


                                                                                           25,145              9,734




                                                                                          Annual Report 2023   383
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


47.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (c)	Leasing and property management services (Continued)
           As lessee
                                                                                                  2023              2022
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


           Fosun International Limited and its subsidiaries (notes 6 & 8 & 11 & 15)              26,058            28,752
           Shanghai Fosun Bund Property Co., Ltd. (notes 6 & 8 & 19)                                 —              4,215


                                                                                                 26,058            32,967


           Management services
                                                                                                  2023              2022
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


           Subsidiaries of Fosun International Limited (notes 6 & 8 & 11 & 16)                   25,790            23,322


     (d)	Loans from/to related parties
           Maximum daily outstanding balance of deposits in Fosun Finance
           The Company entered into a financial service agreement with Fosun Finance, pursuant to which Fosun Finance
           shall provide financial services to the Company and its subsidiaries, including deposit service, credit service,
           settlement service and other financial services as approved by the China Banking Regulatory Commission for the
           period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025. The maximum daily outstanding balance of deposits placed
           by the Group with Fosun Finance is RMB2,000,000,000. The maximum daily outstanding balance of the loans
           granted by Fosun Finance to the Group is RMB2,000,000,000.

           Deposits in Fosun Finance                                                              2023             2022
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


           Fosun Finance (notes 6 & 10 & 11)                                                  1,890,321           984,625


           Loans from Fosun Finance                                                               2023             2022
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


           Fosun Finance (notes 6 & 10 & 11)                                                    140,847           128,785




384 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


47.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (d)	Loans from/to related parties (Continued)
         Others from/to Fosun Finance                                                       2023             2022
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000


         Other receivables
         Fosun Finance (notes 6 & 10 & 11)                                                 19,248               3,565


         Accrued interest expenses
         Fosun Finance (notes 6 & 10 & 11)                                                    181                153


         Loans to Fosun Kite Biological Technology Co., Ltd.
         Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical Development Co., Ltd. provided a loan of RMB196,743,000 to Fosun Kite
         Biotechnology Co., Ltd. The interest rate is 4.73%. As at 31 December 2023, the loan interest receivable is
         RMB284,000. (31 December 2022: RMB175,000).

                                                                                            2023              2022
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000


         Fosun Kite Biological Technology Co., Ltd. (note 2)                              197,027           121,314


         Loans from Shanghai Fosun High Tech (Group) Co., Ltd.
         Shanghai Fosun High Tech (Group) Co., Ltd. provided a short-term loan of RMB34,924,000 to Shanghai Fuyun
         Health Technology Co., Ltd. The annual interest rate is 5.80%. The total principal amount of the loan is
         RMB33,276,000, of which RMB14,050,000 is for the period from 5 December 2022 to 5 December 2023, with
         an extension to 4 December 2024.

                                                                                            2023              2022
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000


         Shanghai Fosun High Tech (Group) Co., Ltd. (note 6)                               34,924              14,111




                                                                                          Annual Report 2023   385
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


47.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (e)   Interest income from/interest expense to related parties
           Interest income                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


           Fosun Finance (notes 6 & 10 & 11)                                                        15,459              9,716
           Fosun Kite Biological Technology Co., Ltd. (note 2)                                       7,614              7,961
           Xingmai Technology (notes 1 & 11 & 22)                                                       —                 535
           StarKids Children’s Hospital Shanghai (note 1 & 23)                                          —                 261
           Nature’s Sunshine (Far East) Limited (note 1)                                                —                  15


                                                                                                    23,073            18,488


           Interest expense                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


           Fosun Finance (notes 6 & 10 & 11)                                                         6,462              5,399
           Shanghai Fosun High Tech (Group) Co., Ltd (note 6)                                        1,482                607
           Shanghai Youle Information Technology Co., Ltd. (note 3)                                     —                 161


                                                                                                     7,944              6,167


           During the year, the interest rate for deposits, loans, and discount will be calculated according to the agreement
           terms, reference benchmark interest rates, and market interest rate levels. The interest rate of demand deposits is
           0.35% (December 31, 2022: 0.35%), the interest rate of seven-day call deposits is 1.485%–1.755% (December
           31, 2022: 1.485%–1.89%), the interest rate of agreed deposits is 1.15%–1.35% (December 31, 2022: 1.15%),
           and the interest rate of time deposits is 1.55%–2.1% (December 31, 2022: 1.55%–1.755%). There were no
           discounting transactions in 2023. During the year, Fosun Finance provided short-term loans of RMB138,688,000
           to the company at an interest rate of 3.80%–4.50%, and Fosun Finance provide long-term loans of
           RMB2,160,000 to the company at an interest rate of 4.5%.




386 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


47.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (f)   Commitments with related parties
          As lessor
          As at 31 December 2023, the Group had total future minimum lease receivables under non-cancellable operating
          leases with its related parties falling due as follows:

                                                                                                                            2023                  2022
                                                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000


          Suzhou Fund (note 1 & 11)                                                                                       19,114                      —
          Fosun Kite Biological Technology Co., Ltd. (note 2)                                                                 —                    7,239


                                                                                                                          19,114                   7,239


          As lessee
          As at 31 December 2023, the Group had total future minimum lease payments (not included in the measurement
          of lease liabilities) under non-cancellable operating leases and a property management service agreement with
          related parties in respect of land and buildings which fall due as follows:

                                                                                                                            2023                  2022
                                                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000


          Subsidiaries of Fosun International (note 6)                                                                          —                  8,298


          Notes:

          (1)      They are associates of the Group.

          (2)      They are joint ventures of the Group.

          (3)      They are other related companies of the Group.

          (4)      They are the subsidiaries of the Group’s associates.

          (5)      They are the subsidiaries of the Group’s joint ventures.

          (6)      They are the subsidiaries of Fosun International Limited, the holding company of the Company.

          (7)      The sales and purchases were undertaken on commercial terms similar to those offered to/by unrelated customers/suppliers in the ordinary
                   course of business of the relevant companies.

          (8)      The fees for the leasing and property management services received from or paid to these related companies were determined based on
                   prices available to third party customers of these related companies.

          (9)      Sinopharm Group Co., Ltd. is a major subsidiary of Sinopharm Investment, an associate of the Group.

          (10)     Fosun Finance is a subsidiary of Fosun High Tech, the holding company of the Company.

          (11)     The related party transactions also constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of
                   the Listing Rules. The Group confirmed that it has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the
                   Listing Rules in respect of these transactions.




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023        387
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


47.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (f)   Commitments with related parties (Continued)
           As lessor (Continued)

           Notes: (Continued)

           (12)   During the year of 2023, the Group offered Fosun International Limited and its subsidiaries with products and other services at market
                  prices. Fosun International Limited and its subsidiaries include Shanghai Fosun High Technology (Group) Co., Ltd., Hainan Fosun
                  International Business Travel Co., Ltd., Hainan Fosun Trading Co., Ltd., Shanghai Golte Property Management Co., Ltd., Beijing Golte
                  Property Management Co., Ltd., Shanghai Yunji Information Technology Co., Ltd., Shanghai Xingchong Business Consulting Co., Ltd.,
                  Shanghai Yilian Enterprise Management Co., Ltd., Shanghai Fosun Venture Capital Management Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Fuyi Cosmetics Co.,
                  Ltd., Shanghai Fosun Industry and Technology Development Co., Ltd., Shanghai Fosun Tourism Management Co., Ltd., Kuyi International
                  Travel Agency (Shanghai) Co., Ltd, Shanghai Fosun Industrial Investment Co., Ltd., Shanghai Fosun Venture Capital Management Co., Ltd.,
                  Shanghai Meituo Culture Development Co., Ltd., Shanghai Xingpian Management Consulting Co., Ltd., Shanghai Fosun Huanyu
                  International Trade Co., Ltd., Shanghai Zhiqia Information Technology Service Co., Ltd., Xintai cloud chain (Wuxi) information Technology
                  Development Co., Ltd., Xintai Yiliankang (Shanghai) Information Technology Development Co., Ltd., Shanghai Zhuqun Information
                  Technology Co., Ltd., Shanghai Star service Enterprise Management Consulting Co., Ltd., Hainan Fosun International Logistics Co., Ltd.,
                  Shanghai Fosun Xinghui Business Consulting Co., Ltd., Shanghai Xingyi Human Resources Management Co., Ltd., Xintai cloud chain
                  (Hangzhou) information Technology Development Co., Ltd., Xintai cloud chain (Shanghai) information Technology Development Co., Ltd.,
                  Xingheng Insurance Agency Co., Ltd., Shanghai Zilamai Trading Co., Ltd., Hainan Fosun e-commerce Co., Ltd and Great China Finance
                  Leasing Co., Ltd.

           (13)   During the year of 2023, the Group received services and purchased products from Fosun International Limited and the subsidiaries of
                  Fosun International Limited at market prices. The subsidiaries of Fosun International Limited include Hainan Fosun Trading Co., Ltd.,
                  Hainan Fosun International Business Travel Co., Ltd., Shanghai Yunji Information Technology Co., Ltd., Kuyi International Travel Agency
                  (Shanghai) Co., Ltd, Shanghai Zhuqun Information Technology Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Fuyi Cosmetics Co., Ltd., Shanghai Fosun Huanyu
                  International Trade Co., Ltd., Shanghai Xingyi Human Resources Management Co., Ltd., Shanghai Zhiqia Information Technology Service
                  Co., Ltd., Shanghai Yilian Enterprise Management Co., Ltd., Shanghai Star service Enterprise Management Consulting Co., Ltd., Fosun Life
                  Science and Technology (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd., Shanghai Zilamai Trading Co., Ltd., Beijing Fuyun Xingtong Technology Co., Ltd., Shanghai
                  Fosun Industrial Investment Co., Ltd and Hainan Fosun International Logistics Co., Ltd.

           (14)   During the year of 2023, the Group leased out the office buildings to Fosun International Limited and its subsidiaries. Fosun International
                  Limited and its subsidiaries include Shanghai Fosun High Tech (Group) Co., Ltd.

           (15)   During the year of 2023, the Group leased from the office buildings to Fosun International Limited and its subsidiaries. Fosun International
                  Limited and its subsidiaries include Shanghai New Shihua Investment Management Co., Ltd., Shanghai Fosun High Tech (Group) Co., Ltd.
                  and Shanghai Fosun Bund Property Co., Ltd.

           (16)   During this period, the Group received management services from subsidiaries of Fosun International Limited. The subsidiaries of Fosun
                  International Limited include Shanghai Golte Property Management Co., Ltd and Beijing Golte Property Management Co., Ltd.

           (17)   Fosun International Limited is the ultimate holding company of the Group.

           (18)   Shanghai Yaokang Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd. was a joint venture of the Group before October 2023 and was included in the
                  scope of consolidation from October 2023.

           (19)   Shanghai Fosun Bund Property Co., Ltd. has been under the same ultimate control of the Group since March 2022 and was other related
                  companies of the Group before March 2022.

           (20)   C.Q. Pharmaceutical Holding Co., Ltd. was an associate of the Group before December 2022 and was included in other related companies
                  of the Group from December 2022.

           (21)   Jingfukang Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. was an associate of the Group before November 2022 and was included in other related
                  companies of the Group from November 2022.

           (22)   Xingmai Technology was an associate of the Group before August 2022 and was included in the scope of consolidation from August
                  2022.

           (23)   StarKids Children’s Hospital Shanghai was an associate of the Group before October 2022 and was included in the scope of consolidation
                  from October 2022.

           (24)   Fosun Nanfeng (Shenzhen) Medical Technology Co., Ltd. was a joint venture of the Group before August 2022 and was included in the
                  scope of consolidation from August 2022.




388 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


47.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (g) Outstanding balances with related parties
          Details of the outstanding balances with related parties are set out in notes 24, 26, 28, 32, 33 and 36 to the
          financial statements.

          For the year ended 31 December 2023, Chancheng Hospital increased prepayment of RMB60,346,000 to Foshan
          Chanxi for customized construction of women and children’s medical centers and nursing homes. The Group
          increased prepayment of RMB248,883,000 to Fosun United Health Insurance Company Ltd. for capital increase.

    (h) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group
                                                                                                2023              2022
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


          Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                            43,254              34,102
          Performance-related bonuses                                                          55,700              69,178
          Pension scheme contributions                                                          1,421               1,304


                                                                                              100,375           104,584


          Further details of directors’, supervisors’ and the chief executive’s emoluments are included in note 10 to the
          financial statements.

    (i)   Donations
                                                                                                2023              2022
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


          Shanghai Fosun Foundation                                                            37,828              18,964
          GX Foundation Company Limited                                                         5,000                  —


                                                                                               42,828              18,964


          For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group donated RMB37,828,000 (2022: RMB18,964,000) to social
          welfare projects through Shanghai Fosun Foundation and RMB5,000,000 (2022: Nil) to social welfare projects
          through GX Foundation Company Limited.

48. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

    As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group did not have any contingent liabilities.

49.	PLEDGE OF ASSETS

    Details of the Group’s interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, which are secured by the assets of the Group, are
    included in note 34 to the financial statements.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   389
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


50.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

     The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as
     follows:

     2023
                                                     Financial assets at        Financial assets at fair
                                                     fair value through          value through other
                                                                                                                    Financial
                                                           profit or loss       comprehensive income
                                                                                                                    assets at
                                                           Mandatorily               Debt             Equity       amortised
     Financial assets                                designated as such       investments       investments             cost        Total
                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000


     Equity investments designated at fair value
        through other comprehensive income                             —                —             52,774              —         52,774
     Financial assets at fair value through
        profit or loss                                        2,928,610                 —                  —              —       2,928,610
     Debt investments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                                     —           642,569                 —               —        642,569
     Trade and bills receivables                                       —                —                  —        7,668,229     7,668,229
     Financial assets included in prepayments,
        other receivables and other assets                             —                —                  —          665,145       665,145
     Trade receivables — non-current                                   —                —                  —           85,323        85,323
     Other non-current assets                                          —                —                  —          196,743       196,743
     Cash and bank balances                                            —                —                  —       13,693,591    13,693,591


     Total                                                    2,928,610            642,569            52,774       22,309,031    25,932,984


                                                                       Financial liabilities
                                                                     at fair value through
                                                                              profit or loss
                                                                           Designated as                  Financial
                                                                        such up on initial             liabilities at
     Financial liabilities                                                   recognition             amortised cost                Total
                                                                                RMB’000                   RMB’000                RMB’000


     Trade and bills payables                                                           —                   6,159,619            6,159,619
     Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                      —                   4,327,869            4,327,869
     Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                         —                  32,573,741           32,573,741
     Lease liabilities                                                                  —                   2,379,114            2,379,114
     Financial liabilities included in other long-term liabilities               2,479,775                    484,578            2,964,353


     Total                                                                       2,479,775                 45,924,921           48,404,696




390 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


50.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)

    The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as
    follows: (Continued)

    2022
                                                          Financial assets at            Financial assets at fair
                                                          fair value through              value through other
                                                                                                                                     Financial
                                                                profit or loss          comprehensive income
                                                                                                                                     assets at
                                                               Mandatorily                    Debt               Equity            amortised
    Financial assets                                     designated as such            investments         investments                   cost          Total
                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000             RMB’000               RMB’000         RMB’000


    Equity investments designated at fair value
       through other comprehensive income                                  —                    —               15,451                     —         15,451
    Financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss                                             3,317,361                     —                      —                   —       3,317,361
    Debt investments at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                                          —              558,927                      —                 —           558,927
    Trade and bills receivables                                            —                   —                       —          7,612,942        7,612,942
    Financial assets included in prepayments,
       other receivables and other assets                                  —                    —                      —            615,128          615,128
    Trade receivables — non-current                                        —                    —                      —             91,663           91,663
    Other non-current assets                                               —                    —                      —            365,879          365,879
    Cash and bank balances                                                 —                    —                      —         16,241,313       16,241,313


    Total                                                         3,317,361               558,927               15,451           24,926,925       28,818,664


                                                                             Financial liabilities
                                                                          at fair value through
                                                                                   profit or loss
                                                                                    Designated as                         Financial
                                                                                 such up on initial                   liabilities at
    Financial liabilities                                                             recognition                   amortised cost                    Total
                                                                                        RMB’000                          RMB’000                   RMB’000


    Trade and bills payables                                                                   —                        6,284,041                 6,284,041
    Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                              —                        5,521,270                 5,521,270
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                 —                       29,116,228                29,116,228
    Lease liabilities                                                                          —                          929,398                   929,398
    Financial liabilities included in other long-term liabilities                       2,182,394*                        313,690                 2,496,084


    Total                                                                               2,182,394                      42,164,627                44,347,021


    *       The amounts include the share redemption options granted to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries amounting to RMB1,601,368,000 (2022:
            RMB1,550,983,000), with non-current portion of RMB1,601,368,000 (2022: RMB1,550,983,000), of which fair value change is recognised in
            reserves due to the nature of equity transaction with non-controlling shareholders of the subsidiaries of the Group.




                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023    391
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


50.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)

     As at 31 December 2023, the Group endorsed certain bank acceptance bills in the PRC (the “Endorsed Bills”) to certain
     of its suppliers in order to settle the trade payables due to such suppliers with a carrying amount in aggregate of
     RMB342,267,000 (2022: RMB579,469,000). In addition, the Group discounted certain bank acceptance bills in the PRC
     included in debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (the “Discounted Bills”) to certain
     banks to finance its operating cash flows with a carrying amount in aggregate of RMB998,620,000 (2022:
     RMB937,379,000). The Endorsed Bills and the Discounted Bills had a maturity from one to twelve months at the end of
     the reporting period. In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and relevant discounting
     arrangement with certain banks, the holders of the Endorsed Bills and the Discounted Bills have a right of recourse
     against the Group if the accepting banks default (the “Continuing Involvement”). In the opinion of the directors, the
     Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to the Endorsed bills and the Discounted Bills.
     Accordingly, it has derecognised the full carrying amounts of the Endorsed Bills and the Discounted Bills. The maximum
     exposure to loss from the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Endorsed Bills and the Discounted Bills and the
     undiscounted cash flows to repurchase these Endorsed Bills and Discounted Bills is equal to their carrying amounts. In
     the opinion of the directors, the fair values of the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Endorsed Bills and the
     Discounted Bills are not significant.

     During the reporting period, the Group has not recognised any gain or loss on the date of transfer of the Endorsed Bills
     and the Discounted Bills. No gains or losses were recognised from the continuing involvement, both during the year or
     cumulatively. The endorsement and the discount have been made evenly throughout the reporting period.




392 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


51.	FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

    The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying amounts that
    reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

                                                            Carrying amounts                          Fair values
                                                              2023               2022               2023                2022
                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000


    Financial assets:
    Equity investments designated at fair value
       through other comprehensive income                     52,774             15,451            52,774              15,451
    Debt investments at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                           642,569            558,927            642,569            558,927
    Financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss                                     2,928,610          3,317,361          2,928,610           3,317,361
    Trade receivables — non-current                          85,323             91,663             86,341              92,757


    Total                                                 3,709,276          3,983,402          3,710,294           3,984,496


    Financial liabilities:
    Non-current portion of interest-bearing bank
       borrowings                                        13,504,923         11,600,437         13,806,197         11,699,168
    Interest-bearing other borrowings                       499,908          2,845,263            497,804          2,846,606
    Financial liabilities included in other long-term
       liabilities                                        2,964,353          2,496,084          2,964,353           2,496,084


    Total                                                16,969,184         16,941,784         17,268,354         17,041,858


    Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and bank balances, trade and bills receivables, trade and bills
    payables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, financial assets included in other
    non-current assets and financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals approximate to their carrying amounts
    largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments or the interest rate is approximate to the discount rate of
    current market.

    The Group’s finance department headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining the policies and
    procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance manager reports directly to the chief
    financial officer and the audit committee. At each reporting date, the finance department analyses the movements in
    the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed
    and approved by the chief financial officer.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   393
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


51.	FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be
     exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following
     methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

     The fair values of the non-current portion of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings have been calculated by
     discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk
     and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-performance risk for the non-
     current portion of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings as at 31 December 2023 was assessed to be
     insignificant.

     The fair values of listed corporate bond issued by the Company and equity investments without a lock-up period are
     based on quoted market prices. The fair values of listed equity investments with a lock-up period have been estimated
     based on assumptions that are supported by observable market prices and discount for lack of marketability. The
     directors believe that the estimated fair values resulting from the valuation technique, which are recorded in the
     consolidated statement of financial position, and the related changes in fair values, which are recorded in other
     comprehensive income or profit or loss, are reasonable, and that they were the most appropriate values at the end of
     the reporting period.

     Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments as at 31 December
     2023:

     Unobservable inputs for Level 3 assets
     The financial assets measured at fair value held by the Group which were classified in Level 3 primarily correspond to
     unlisted equity investments not quoted in an active market.

     For the fair value of the unlisted equity investments is based on valuation techniques for which the input that is
     significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable. For certain unlisted equity investments, the Group adopts
     quotation from counterparties’ quotations or valuation techniques to determine the fair value. Valuation techniques
     include a discounted cash flow analysis, the market comparison approach, etc. The fair value measurement of these
     financial instruments may involve unobservable inputs such as liquidity discount. Fair value change resulting from
     changes in the unobservable inputs was not significant. The Finance Department periodically reviews all significant
     unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments used to measure the fair values of financial instruments in Level 3.

     Unobservable inputs for Level 3 liabilities
     Significant unobservable valuation input for the share redemption option granted to non-controlling shareholders of
     subsidiaries included in other long-term liabilities of RMB1,601,368,000 (31 December 2022: RMB1,550,983,000
     included in other long-term liabilities) is the progress of research and development activities or net profit of the
     subsidiaries.

     Significant unobservable valuation input for other financial liabilities included in other long-term liabilities is value of net
     assets of subsidiaries.




394 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


51.	FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

    Fair value hierarchy
    The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:

    Assets measured at fair value:
    As at 31 December 2023

                                                                        Fair value measurement using
                                                     Quoted prices         Significant       Significant
                                                         in active         observable      unobservable
                                                          markets              inputs            inputs
                                                         (Level 1)           (Level 2)         (Level 3)           Total
                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


    Financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss (note 29)                           1,192,643             98,723          1,637,244        2,928,610
    Equity investments designated at fair value
       through other comprehensive income
       (note 21)                                             52,774                  —                  —              52,774
    Debt investments at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                                 —            642,569                  —         642,569


    Total                                                 1,245,417            741,292          1,637,244        3,623,953


    As at 31 December 2022

                                                                          Fair value measurement using
                                                       Quoted prices         Significant       Significant
                                                            in active        observable      unobservable
                                                             markets             inputs            inputs
                                                            (Level 1)          (Level 2)         (Level 3)           Total
                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


    Financial assets at fair value through
       profit or loss (note 29)                             637,661            626,683          2,053,017        3,317,361
    Equity investments designated at fair value
       through other comprehensive income
       (note 21)                                             15,451                  —                  —              15,451
    Debt investments at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                                 —            558,927                  —         558,927


    Total                                                   653,112          1,185,610          2,053,017        3,891,739




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   395
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


51.	FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
     Assets measured at fair value: (Continued)
     The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the year are as follows:

                                                                                         Financial assets      Financial assets
                                                                                            at fair value          at fair value
                                                                                          through profit        through profit
                                                                                                  or loss                or loss
                                                                                                     2023                  2022
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000


     As at 1 January                                                                           2,053,017            1,614,496
     Transferred in                                                                              384,180              359,340
     Transferred out                                                                            (937,911)            (151,938)
     Total gains recognised in the statement of profit or loss included in other gains            92,710              126,888
     Total gains recognised in other comprehensive income                                         18,781               80,510
     Addition                                                                                    198,764              584,047
     Settlement                                                                                 (172,297)            (560,326)


     As at 31 December                                                                         1,637,244            2,053,017


     During the year, the fair value measurements of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss held by the Group
     with the carrying amount of RMB748,706,000 were transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 (2022: RMB11,973,000) due to
     the end of the restricted stock trade period. The fair value measurements of financial assets at fair value through profit
     or loss held by the Group with the carrying amount of nil were transferred from Level 3 to Level 1 (2022:
     RMB61,743,000) due to the fact that the investee companies were listed and the shares were tradable. The fair value
     measurements of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss held by the Group with the carrying amount of
     RMB937,911,000 were transferred from Level 3 to Level 2 (2022: RMB90,195,000) due to the fact that the investee
     companies were listed but still in the restricted sale period.




396 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


51.	FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

    Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
    Liabilities measured at fair value:
    As at 31 December 2023

                                                                         Fair value measurement using
                                                       Quoted prices       Significant      Significant
                                                           in active       observable     unobservable
                                                            markets            inputs           inputs
                                                           (Level 1)         (Level 2)        (Level 3)          Total
                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


    Amounts included in other long-term liabilities                —                —         2,479,775        2,479,775


    As at 31 December 2022

                                                                          Fair value measurement using
                                                        Quoted prices       Significant      Significant
                                                             in active      observable     unobservable
                                                              markets           inputs           inputs
                                                             (Level 1)        (Level 2)        (Level 3)           Total
                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


    Amounts included in other long-term liabilities                —                —         2,182,394        2,182,394


    During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into
    or out of level 3 for financial liabilities (2022: Nil).

    The movements in fair value measurements in Level 3 during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                 2023              2022
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


    Amounts included in other long-term liabilities:

    At 1 January                                                                              2,182,394        1,729,070
    Total gains recognised in other gains                                                       (47,204)          (47,761)
    Total losses recognised in other reserve                                                     50,385            52,026
    Addition                                                                                    294,200          449,059


    At 31 December                                                                            2,479,775        2,182,394




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   397
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


51.	FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
     Assets for which fair values are disclosed:
     As at 31 December 2023

                                                                        Fair value measurement using
                                                      Quoted prices       Significant      Significant
                                                          in active       observable     unobservable
                                                           markets            inputs           inputs
                                                          (Level 1)         (Level 2)        (Level 3)      Total
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000


     Trade receivables — non-current                              —           86,341                —      86,341


     As at 31 December 2022

                                                                         Fair value measurement using
                                                       Quoted prices       Significant      Significant
                                                            in active      observable     unobservable
                                                             markets           inputs           inputs
                                                            (Level 1)        (Level 2)        (Level 3)      Total
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000


     Trade receivables — non-current                              —           92,757                —      92,757




398 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


51.	FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

    Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
    Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed:
    As at 31 December 2023

                                                                         Fair value measurement using
                                                       Quoted prices       Significant      Significant
                                                           in active       observable     unobservable
                                                            markets            inputs           inputs
                                                           (Level 1)         (Level 2)        (Level 3)          Total
                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


    Non-current portion of interest-bearing bank
       borrowings                                                  —       13,806,197                —       13,806,197
    Interest-bearing other borrowings                              —          497,804                —          497,804
    Amounts included in other long-term liabilities                —          484,578                —          484,578


    Total                                                          —       14,788,579                —       14,788,579


    As at 31 December 2022

                                                                          Fair value measurement using
                                                        Quoted prices       Significant      Significant
                                                             in active      observable     unobservable
                                                              markets           inputs           inputs
                                                             (Level 1)        (Level 2)        (Level 3)           Total
                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


    Non-current portion of interest-bearing bank
       borrowings                                                 —        11,699,168                —       11,699,168
    Interest-bearing other borrowings                        747,283        2,099,323                —        2,846,606
    Amounts included in other long-term liabilities               —           313,690                —          313,690


    Total                                                    747,283       14,112,181                —       14,859,464




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   399
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


52.	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

     The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and cash and bank
     balances. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has
     various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade and bills receivables and trade and bills payables, which arise
     directly from its operations.

     The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk,
     liquidity risk and equity price risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks
     and they are summarised below.

     (a)   Interest rate risk
           The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s long term
           debt obligations with floating interest rates.

           The Group’s policy is to manage its interest cost using a mix of fixed and floating rate debts.

           As at 31 December 2023, the total interest-bearing bank borrowings of RMB15,215,190,000 (31 December
           2022: RMB16,899,440,000) of the Group were with floating interest rates denominated in RMB, USD or EUR.

           The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates, with all other
           variables held constant, of the Group’s profit after tax through the impact on floating rate borrowings.

           Increase/(decrease) in the Group’s profit after tax

                                                                                                                      Increase/
                                                                                             Increase/               (decrease)
                                                                                            (decrease)                 in profit
                                                                                               in basis                after tax
                                                                                                    %                  RMB’000


           2023
           RMB                                                                                        1                 (67,273)
           USD                                                                                        1                 (31,003)
           EUR                                                                                        1                 (15,838)
           RMB                                                                                       (1)                 67,273
           USD                                                                                       (1)                 31,003
           EUR                                                                                       (1)                 15,838


           2022
           RMB                                                                                        1                 (71,646)
           USD                                                                                        1                 (36,038)
           EUR                                                                                        1                 (19,061)
           RMB                                                                                       (1)                 71,646
           USD                                                                                       (1)                 36,038
           EUR                                                                                       (1)                 19,061




400 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


52.	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

    (b)	Foreign currency risk
         The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from sales or purchases by operating units
         and investing and financing activities by investment holding units in currencies other than the units’ functional
         currencies.

         The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably possible
         change in the USD, EUR and HKD exchange rates, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit
         after tax arising from USD, EUR and HKD denominated financial instruments.

                                                                                       Increase/               Increase/
                                                                                      (decrease)              (decrease)
                                                                                      in foreign                in profit
                                                                                   currency rate                after tax
                                                                                              %                 RMB’000


         2023
         If RMB weakens against USD                                                             5                  12,354
         If RMB strengthens against USD                                                        (5)                (12,354)
         If RMB weakens against EUR                                                             5                 (53,094)
         If RMB strengthens against EUR                                                        (5)                 53,094
         If RMB weakens against HKD                                                             5                  32,196
         If RMB strengthens against HKD                                                        (5)                (32,196)


         2022
         If RMB weakens against USD                                                             5                  17,257
         If RMB strengthens against USD                                                        (5)                (17,257)
         If RMB weakens against EUR                                                             5                 (84,372)
         If RMB strengthens against EUR                                                        (5)                 84,372
         If RMB weakens against HKD                                                             5                  44,883
         If RMB strengthens against HKD                                                        (5)                (44,883)




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   401
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


52.	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (c)   Credit risk
           The Group trades only with related companies and recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s
           policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In
           addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group’s exposure to bad debts is not
           significant.

           The credit risk of the Group’s other financial assets, which comprise cash and bank balances, and deposits and
           other receivables, arises from the default of the counterparties, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying
           amounts of these instruments.

           Maximum exposure and year-end staging
           The tables below shows the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit
           policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or
           effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December. The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts
           for financial assets and the exposure to credit risk for the financial guarantee contracts.

           As at 31 December 2023

                                                             12-month
                                                                 ECLs                 Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                   Simplified
                                                               Stage 1     Stage 2       Stage 3    approach         Toal
                                                              RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000


           Trade and bills receivables*                              —            —           —       7,937,425   7,937,425
           Debt investments at fair value through other
              comprehensive income*                            642,569            —           —             —      642,569
           Financial assets included in prepayments, other
              receivables and other assets — Normal**           707,320           —           —             —    707,320
           Trade receivables — non-current                       90,435           —           —             —     90,435
           Other non-current assets                             196,743           —           —             —    196,743
           Cash and bank balances — Not yet past due         13,693,591           —           —             — 13,693,591


           Total                                             15,330,658           —           —       7,937,425 23,268,083




402 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


52.	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

    (c)   Credit risk (Continued)
          As at 31 December 2022

                                                                             12-month
                                                                                 ECLs                       Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                                Simplified
                                                                               Stage 1          Stage 2         Stage 3         approach               Toal
                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000


          Trade and bills receivables*                                                 —                —               —      7,820,134          7,820,134
          Debt investments at fair value through other
             comprehensive income*                                             558,927                  —               —                 —         558,927
          Financial assets included in prepayments, other
             receivables and other assets — Normal**                          636,158                   —               —                 —    636,158
          Trade receivables — non-current                                      96,746                   —               —                 —     96,746
          Other non-current assets                                            365,879                   —               —                 —    365,879
          Cash and bank balances — Not yet past due                        16,241,313                   —               —                 — 16,241,313


          Total                                                            17,899,023                   —               —      7,820,134 25,719,157


          *       For trade and bills receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the provision
                  matrix is disclosed in note 26 to the financial statements, respectively.

          **      The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered to be “normal” when
                  they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial
                  recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.


          Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables are
          disclosed in note 26 to the financial statements.

          Since the Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties, there is no requirement for collateral.
          Concentrations of credit risk are managed by customer/counterparty, by geographical region and by industry
          sector. There are no significant concentrations of credit risk within the Group as the customer bases of the
          Group’s trade receivables are widely dispersed in different sectors and industries.




                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023         403
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


52.	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (d)	Liquidity risk
           The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of
           bank loans and other interest-bearing borrowings. As at 31 December 2023, 53% (31 December 2022: 55%) of
           the Group’s borrowings would mature in less than one year based on the carrying values of the borrowings.

           The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
           contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

                                                                Less than                          Over
           2023                               On demand            1 year    1 to 5 years        5 years          Total
                                                RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


          Interest-bearing bank and
             other borrowings                           —     20,290,571      13,825,155       1,128,123      35,243,849
          Lease liabilities                             —        329,524       1,146,574       1,022,455       2,498,553
          Trade and bills payables                      —      6,159,619              —               —        6,159,619
          Financial liabilities included
             in other payables and accruals     4,210,861         118,749              —               —       4,329,610
          Financial liabilities included
             in other long-term liabilities             —               —       2,955,694        162,865       3,118,559


          Total                                 4,210,861     26,898,463      17,927,423       2,313,443      51,350,190


                                                                 Less than                          Over
           2022                               On demand             1 year    1 to 5 years        5 years          Total
                                                RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000


          Interest-bearing bank and
             other borrowings                           —     17,782,990      10,724,299       2,359,103      30,866,392
          Lease liabilities                             —        184,406         626,780         179,982         991,168
          Trade and bills payables                      —      6,284,041              —               —        6,284,041
          Financial liabilities included
             in other payables and accruals     5,353,266         159,827              —               —       5,513,093
          Financial liabilities included
             in other long-term liabilities             —               —       2,198,949        501,264       2,700,213


          Total                                 5,353,266     24,411,264      13,550,028       3,040,349      46,354,907




404 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


52.	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

    (e)	Equity price risk
         Equity price risk is the risk that the fair values of equity securities decrease as a result of changes in the levels of
         equity indices and the value of individual securities. The Group is exposed to equity price risk arising from
         individual equity investments included in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (note 29) and equity
         investments at fair value through other comprehensive Income (note 21) as at 31 December 2023. The Group’s
         listed investments are listed on the stock exchanges in Shanghai, Shenzhen, Hong Kong, New York, NASDAQ and
         Korea which are valued at quoted market prices or using valuation techniques at the end of the reporting period.

         The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in the fair values of the equity
         investments, with all other variables held constant and after any impact on tax, based on their carrying amounts
         at the end of the reporting period. For the purposes of this analysis, for the equity investments at fair value
         through other comprehensive income, the impact is deemed to be on the fair value reserve revaluation reserve,
         respectively.

                                                                              Carrying
                                                                                amount              Change
                                                         Change in            of equity            in profit            Change
                                                       equity prices       investments             after tax          in equity*
                                                                  %            RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000


         2023
         Equity Investments
           Financial assets at fair value through
              profit or loss                                       10          1,291,366            113,344                   —
           Financial assets at fair value through
              profit or loss                                      (10)         1,291,366           (113,344)                  —

             Financial assets at fair value through
                other comprehensive income                         10             52,774                   —              4,370
             Financial assets at fair value through
                other comprehensive income                        (10)            52,774                   —             (4,370)


         2022
         Equity Investments
           Financial assets at fair value through
              profit or loss                                       10          1,264,344            116,403                   —
           Financial assets at fair value through
              profit or loss                                       (10)        1,264,344           (116,403)                  —

             Financial assets at fair value through
                other comprehensive income                         10             15,451                   —              1,194
             Financial assets at fair value through
                other comprehensive income                         (10)           15,451                   —              (1,194)


         *      Excluding retained profits




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023    405
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


52.	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (f)   Capital management
           The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
           going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholders’
           value.

           The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustment to it in light of changes in economic conditions.
           To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return
           capital to shareholders or issue new shares. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for
           managing capital during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022.

           The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by total equity plus net debt. Net debt
           includes interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, other long-term liabilities less cash and cash equivalents.
           Total equity includes equity attributable to owners of the parent and non-controlling interests. The gearing ratios
           as at the end of the reporting periods were as follows:

                                                                                                    2023               2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


           Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings (note 34)                                32,573,741         29,116,228
           Less: Cash and bank balances (note 30)                                             (13,693,591)       (16,241,313)


           Net debt                                                                            18,880,150         12,874,915

           Total equity                                                                        56,577,885         54,058,193


           Total equity and net debt                                                           75,458,035         66,933,108


           Gearing ratio                                                                              25%               19%


53.	EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     On 12 March 2024, Shenzhen Fuxin Shenyao Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (referred to as “Fuxin
     Shenyao”), Fosun Pharmaceutical Industry Development (Shenzhen) Co.,Ltd. (referred to as “Fosun Pharma (Shenzhen)”),
     and Shanghai Fujian Equity Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd. (referred to as “Fujian Fund Management
     Company”), which were the subsidiaries of the Company signed several partnership agreements with seven other
     investors to jointly establish Shenzhen Pengfu Biopharmaceutical Industry Private Equity Investment Fund Partnership
     Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (referred to as “Shenzhen Fund”) and plan to raise RMB5 billion; among them, Fuxin
     Shenyao (as General partner), Fosun Pharma (Shenzhen) and Fujian Fund Management Company (as Limited partners)
     plan to make contributions of RMB20 million, RMB1.43 billion, and RMB50 million in cash respectively to subscribe for
     Shenzhen Fund’s asset portion. After the completion of this transaction, the Group (through its subsidiaries Fuxin
     Shenyao, Fosun Pharma (Shenzhen), and Fujian Fund Management Company) will collectively hold 30% of the
     Shenzhen Fund’s asset portion.




406 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


54.	STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

    Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                            31 December        31 December
                                                                                                   2023               2022
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


    NON-CURRENT ASSETS
    Property, plant and equipment                                                                  6,945              6,478
    Other intangible assets                                                                        1,346              1,608
    Investments in subsidiaries                                                               14,905,688         13,367,102
    Investments in associates                                                                  7,477,556          7,926,186
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                         39,372            312,796
    Other non-current assets                                                                   4,772,993          4,667,335


    Total non-current assets                                                                  27,203,900         26,281,505


    CURRENT ASSETS
    Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                                6,830,087          9,464,458
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                        117,695                 —
    Cash and bank balances                                                                     1,988,658          2,283,272


                                                                                               8,936,440         11,747,730
    Assets of a disposal group classified as held for sale                                            —              57,280


    Total current assets                                                                       8,936,440         11,805,010


    CURRENT LIABILITIES
    Other payables and accruals                                                                2,997,395          3,968,412
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                 7,540,889          6,678,644
    Tax payable                                                                                    2,119              2,119


    Total current liabilities                                                                 10,540,403         10,649,175


    NET CURRENT (LIABILITIES)/ASSETS                                                           (1,603,963)        1,155,835


    TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                     25,599,937         27,437,340


    NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                 1,728,936          3,497,231
    Deferred tax liability                                                                       968,947            968,947
    Other long-term liabilities                                                                       —               2,577


    Total non-current liabilities                                                              2,697,883          4,468,755


    Net assets                                                                                22,902,054         22,968,585


    EQUITY
    Share capital                                                                              2,672,399          2,672,157
    Treasury shares                                                                              (41,928)            (53,255)
    Reserves                                                                                  20,271,583         20,349,683


    Total equity                                                                              22,902,054         22,968,585




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   407
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2023


54.	STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
     Note:

     A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                           Share premium     Fair value         Statutory    Retained
                                                               and others      reserve    surplus reserve      profits          Total
                                                                 RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000


     At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                   13,835,125       12,296         1,281,449     1,069,726      16,198,596


     Total comprehensive income for the year                          —             —                —       1,184,557      1,184,557
     Issue of A shares                                         4,400,195            —                —               —      4,400,195
     Equity-settled share-based payments                           1,800            —                —               —          1,800
     Profit appropriation to reserves                                 —             —            54,629         (54,629)           —
     Final 2021 dividend declared and paid                            —             —                —      (1,435,465)    (1,435,465)


     At 31 December 2022                                      18,237,120       12,296         1,336,078       764,189      20,349,683


                                                          Share premium     Fair value      Statutory        Retained
                                                              and others      reserve surplus reserve          profits        Total
                                                                RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000


     At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                   18,237,120       12,296         1,336,078       764,189      20,349,683


     Total comprehensive income for the year                          —             —                 —      1,036,680      1,036,680
     Issue of A shares                                             7,540            —                 —             —           7,540
     Repurchase and cancellation of restricted A shares           (2,627)           —                 —             —          (2,627)
     Equity-settled share-based payments                           9,765            —                 —             —           9,765
     Profit appropriation to reserves                                 —             —                121          (121)            —
     Acquisitions of subsidiaries                                 (8,054)           —                 —             —          (8,054)
     Final 2022 dividend declared and paid                            —             —                 —     (1,121,404)    (1,121,404)


     At 31 December 2023                                      18,243,744       12,296         1,336,199       679,344      20,271,583



55.	APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 26 March 2024.




408 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Definitions

In this annual report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the meanings set out below.

“2022 H Share Employee Share               the 2022 H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme of the Company
  Ownership Scheme” or “H Share
  Employee Share Ownership Scheme”
“2022 Non-public Issuance of A Shares”     the issuance of an aggregate of 106,756,666 new A Shares of the Company to
                                           subscribers in the non-public issuance of shares at the issue price of RMB42.00
                                           per share in July 2022
“2022 Restricted A Share Incentive         the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme of the Company
  Scheme” or “Restricted A Share
  Incentive Scheme”
“2023 Final Dividend”                      the final dividend of RMB0.27 (before tax) per share for the year ended 31
                                           December 2023
“A Share(s)”                               domestic share(s) of the Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which
                                           are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and traded in RMB
“ADC”                                      Antibody-drug Conjugate
“Alma HK”                                  Alma Hong Kong 2023 Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong and a
                                           subsidiary of the Company as at the end of the Reporting Period
“Alma Lasers”                              Alma Lasers Ltd., a company incorporated in Israel and a subsidiary of the
                                           Company
“Anji Fund”                                Anji Fuyao Xingyue Venture Capital Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (安吉 復曜
                                           星 越 創 業投資合夥企業( 有限合夥)), a subsidiary of the Company
“Anji Innovative MedTech Fund”             Anji Fuyu Chengxiang Venture Capital Investment Partnership (Limited
                                           Partnership)* (安吉復毓承祥創業投資合夥企業( 有限合夥)), a subsidiary of
                                           the Company
“API”                                      Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient
“Articles of Association”                  the articles of association of the Company
“associates”                               has the meaning given to it under the Hong Kong Listing Rules
“Avanc Pharma”                             Jinzhou Avanc Pharmaceutical Company Limited* (錦州奧鴻藥業有限責任公司),
                                           a subsidiary of the Company
“Beijing Xingyi”                           Beijing Xingyi Clinic Co., Ltd.* ( 北京星宜診所有限公司), a subsidiary of the
                                           Company
“BIC”                                      Best-in-class
“Board”                                    the board of Directors
“Boston Oncology”                          Boston Oncology, LLC, a company incorporated in U.S.
“Breas”                                    Breas Medical Holdings AB, a company incorporated in Sweden and a subsidiary
                                           of the Company
“BSE”                                      BSE Limited
“Carelife Pharma”                          Chongqing Carelife Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (重慶凱林製藥有限公司), a
                                           subsidiary of the Company
“CDMO”                                     Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023      409
Definitions



“Cenexi”                                Phixen, société par actions simplifiée, a company incorporated in France and a
                                        subsidiary of the Company as at the end of the Reporting Period
“CG Code”                               the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong
                                        Listing Rules
“Changjiang Pension”                    Changjiang Pension Insurance Co., Ltd.* ( 長江養老保險股份有限公司), the
                                        management agency for the 2022 H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme of
                                        the Company
“Changjiang Pension Employee Share      Changjiang Pension Enterprise Employee Share Ownership Special Collective
  Ownership Product”                    Group Pension Security Management Product (長江養老企業員工持股專項集
                                        合 型 團 體 養老保障管理產品)
“Chemo Biopharma”                       Shanghai Chemo Biopharma Co., Ltd.* ( 上 海 凱 茂 生 物 醫 藥 有 限 公 司 ), a
                                        subsidiary of the Company
“Chindex”                               Chindex (Beijing) International Trade Company Limited* (美中互利( 北京 ) 國際
                                        貿 易 有 限公司), a subsidiary of the Company
“CMC”                                   Chemical Manufacturing and Control
“CMO”                                   Contract Manufacture Organization
“Code Provision”                        code provisions under the CG Code
“Company” or “Fosun Pharma”             Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.* ( 上海復星醫藥( 集團) 股份有
                                        限公司), a joint stock company established in the PRC with limited liability, whose
                                        H Shares and A Shares are listed and traded on the main board of the Hong Kong
                                        Stock Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange, respectively
“connected person(s)”                   has the meaning given to it under the Hong Kong Listing Rules
“controlling shareholder(s)”            has the meaning given to it under the Hong Kong Listing Rules
“CQ Pharma Holdings”                    Chongqing Pharmaceutical Holdings Company Limited* (重藥控股股份有限公司),
                                        a company incorporated in the PRC and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
                                        (Stock Code: 000950)
“CSRC”                                  China Securities Regulatory Commission* (中國證券監督管理委員會)
“Dalian Fujian”                         Dalian Fujian Xingweilai Venture Capital Investment Management Partnership
                                        (Limited Partnership)* ( 大連復健星未來創業投資管理合夥企業( 有限合夥)),
                                        a subsidiary of the Company
“Dalian Fund”                           Dalian Xingweilai Venture and Innovation Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership)*
                                        (大 連 星未來創業創新基金合夥企業( 有限合夥)), a subsidiary of the Company
“Deed of Non-Competition”               the deed of non-competition dated 13 October 2012 and executed by the
                                        controlling shareholders in favour of the Company (for itself and as trustee of its
                                        subsidiaries from time to time)
“Dengrui Feiye”                         Hubei Dengrui Feiye Company Limited* (湖北登瑞肥業有限公司), a subsidiary
                                        of the Company
“Director(s)”                           director(s) of the Company
“DTP”                                   Direct to Patient
“EBITDA”                                earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
“EHS”                                   environment, health and safety




410 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Definitions



“EMA”                               European Medicine Agency
“ESG”                               Environmental, Social and Governance
“ESG Committee”                     Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Board
“EU”                                European Union
“FIC”                               First-in-class
“Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital”   Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital Limited* (佛山復星禪誠醫院有限公司), a
                                    subsidiary of the Company
“Fosun Aleph”                       Fosun Aleph (Dalian) Biomedical Co., Ltd.* (復星雅立峰( 大連) 生物製藥有限公
                                    司 ), a subsidiary of the Company
“Fosun Antejin”                     Fosun Antejin (Chengdu) Biomedical Co., Ltd.* (復星安特金( 成都) 生物製藥有
                                    限 公 司 ), a subsidiary of the Company
“Fosun Beiling”                     Fosun Beiling (Beijing) Medical Technology Co., Ltd.* ( 復星北鈴( 北京) 醫療 科技
                                    有 限 公 司), a subsidiary of the Company
“Fosun Diagnosis”                   Fosun Diagnosis Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.* (復星診斷科技( 上海) 有 限公
                                    司 ), a subsidiary of the Company
“Fosun Finance”                     Fosun Group Finance Corporation Limited* (上海復星高科技集團財務有限公司),
                                    a subsidiary of Fosun High Tech
“Fosun Foundation”                  Shanghai Fosun Foundation
“Fosun Health”                      Shanghai Fosun Health Technology (Group) Co., Ltd.* (上海復星健康科技(集團)
                                    有 限 公 司), a subsidiary of the Company
“Fosun Health Holding”              Shanghai Fosun Health Industry Holding Company Limited* (上海復星健康產業
                                    控 股 有 限公司), a subsidiary of Fosun High Tech
“Fosun High Tech”                   Shanghai Fosun High Technology (Group) Company Limited* (上海復星高科技(集
                                    團 ) 有 限公司), a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Fosun International and a
                                    controlling shareholder of the Company
“Fosun Holdings”                    Fosun Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong, a direct wholly-
                                    owned subsidiary of Fosun International Holdings and a controlling shareholder of
                                    the Company
“Fosun International”               Fosun International Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong and listed on
                                    the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 00656), an indirect subsidiary of
                                    Fosun International Holdings and a controlling shareholder of the Company
“Fosun International Holdings”      Fosun International Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin
                                    Islands, which was held as to 85.29% and 14.71% by Mr. Guo Guangchang and
                                    Mr. Wang Qunbin, respectively, as at the end of the Reporting Period, and a
                                    controlling shareholder of the Company
“Fosun Kite”                        Fosun Kite Biological Technology Co., Ltd.* (復星凱特生物科技有限公司), a
                                    joint venture of the Company
“Fosun Pharmaceutical Industrial”   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical Industrial Development Company Limited* (上海
                                    復 星 醫 藥產業發展有限公司), a subsidiary of the Company
“Fosun Tourism”                     Fosun Tourism Group, a company incorporated in Cayman Islands and listed on
                                    the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 01992)




                                                                                           Annual Report 2023   411
Definitions



“Fuhong Kanghe”                         Fuhong Kanghe Pharmaceutical Jiangsu Co., Ltd* (復紅康合醫藥江蘇有限公司),
                                        a subsidiary of the Company
“Fujian Fund Management Company”        Shanghai Fujian Equity Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd.* ( 上海復健股權
                                        投 資 基 金管理有限公司), a subsidiary of the Company and ceased to be a
                                        connected person of the Company with effect from November 2023
“Futuo Zhida”                           Shanghai Futuo Zhida Healthcare Technology Co., Ltd.* ( 上海復拓知達醫療科
                                        技 有 限 公司), a subsidiary of the Company
“Fuyao Yingchuang”                      Shanghai Fuyao Yingchuang Corporate Management Partnership (Limited
                                        Partnership)* (上海復耀瀛創企業管理合夥企業( 有限合夥)), a subsidiary of
                                        the Company
“GDP”                                   Gross Domestic Product
“Genuine Biotech”                       Henan Genuine Biotech Co., Ltd.* (河南真實生物科技有限公司)
“Gland Pharma”                          Gland Pharma Limited, a company incorporated in India and listed on the BSE and
                                        NSE (Stock Code: GLAND), a subsidiary of the Company
“GMP”                                   Good Manufacture Practices
“Group” or “Fosun Pharma Group”         the Company and its subsidiaries (or the Company and any one or more of its
                                        subsidiaries, as the context may require)
“Guangzhou Xinshi Hospital”             Guangzhou Xinshi Hospital Co., Ltd.* ( 廣州新市醫院有限公司), a subsidiary of
                                        the Company
“Guilin Pharma”                         Guilin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (桂林南藥股份有限公司), a subsidiary of the
                                        Company
“H Share(s)”                            overseas listed foreign share(s) in the ordinary share capital of the Company, with
                                        a nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which are listed on the Hong Kong Stock
                                        Exchange and traded in Hong Kong dollars
“Hexin Pharma”                          Sichuan Hexin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (四 川 合 信 藥 業 有 限 責 任 公 司 ), a
                                        subsidiary of the Company
“HKFRS”                                 the Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
“Hong Kong”                             the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC
“Hong Kong dollars”or “HK$”             Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
“Hong Kong Listing Rules”               the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
“Hong Kong Stock Exchange”              The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
“Huaiyin Medical”                       Huaiyin Medical Instruments Co.,Ltd.* ( 淮陰醫療器械有限公司), a subsidiary of
                                        the Company
“Hunan Dongting” or                     Hunan Dongting Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (湖南洞庭藥業股份有限公司), a
  “Dongting Pharma”                     subsidiary of the Company
“Insightec”                             Insightec Ltd., a company incorporated in Israel
“Intas”                                 Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd., a company incorporated in India
“Intuitive Fosun”                       Intuitive Fosun HK and Intuitive Fosun Shanghai
“Intuitive Fosun HK”                    Intuitive Surgical-Fosun (Hongkong) Co., Limited, a company incorporated in
                                        Hong Kong and an associate of the Company




412 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Definitions



“Intuitive Fosun Shanghai”          Intuitive Surgical-Fosun Medical Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.* ( 直觀復星醫
                                    療 器 械 技術( 上海) 有限公司), an associate of the Company
“Jiangsu Fosun Pharma”              Jiangsu Fosun Pharmaceutical Sales Co., Ltd.* ( 江蘇復星醫藥銷售有限公司), a
                                    subsidiary of the Company
“Jianjia Healthcare”                Jianjia Healthcare Investment Management Co., Ltd.* (健嘉醫療投資管理有限
                                    公 司 ), formerly known as Sinopharm Holdings Medical Investment Management
                                    Co., Ltd.* ( 國 藥 控 股 醫 療 投 資 管 理 有 限 公 司 ) (“Sinopharm Medical
                                    Investment”), a subsidiary of the Company as at the end of the Reporting Period
“Jiluohua Pharma”                   Beijing Jiluohua Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* ( 北 京 吉 洛 華 製 藥 有 限 公 司 ), a
                                    subsidiary of the Company
“Jisikai (Suzhou)”                  Jisikai (Suzhou) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (吉斯凱( 蘇州) 製藥有限公司), a
                                    subsidiary of the Company
“Jisimei (Wuhan)”                   Jisimei (Wuhan) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (吉斯美( 武漢) 製藥有限公 司), a
                                    subsidiary of the Company
“Jisirui Pharma”                    Chongqing Jisirui Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (重慶吉斯瑞製藥有限責任公司), a
                                    subsidiary of the Company
“KGbio”                             PT Kalbe Genexine Biologics, a company incorporated in Indonesia
“Kite Pharma”                       KP EU C.V., a company incorporated in the Netherlands
“Macau”                             the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC
“MAH”                               Marketing Authorization Holder
“Model Code”                        the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set out in
                                    Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules
“National Health Commission”        National Health Commission of the People’s Republic of China (中華人民共和國
                                    國 家 衛 生 健康委員會)
“National Medical Insurance Drugs   National Basic Medical Insurance, Work-Related Injury Insurance and Maternity
  Catalogue”                        Insurance Drugs Catalogue (《國家基本醫療保險、工傷保險和生育保險藥品
                                    目 錄》)
“NDA”                               new drug application
“NEEQ”                              National Equities Exchange and Quotations (全國中小企業股份轉讓系統)
“Ningbo Fuying”                     Ningbo Fuying Investment Co., Ltd.* (寧波復瀛投資有限公司), a subsidiary of
                                    the Company
“NMPA”                              National Medical Products Administration of the PRC (中國國家藥品監督管理局)
“NSE”                               The National Stock Exchange of India Limited
“PCT”                               Patent Cooperation Treaty
“POCT”                              Point-of-Care Testing
“Prollenium”                        Prollenium Medical Technology, a company incorporated in Canada
“Red Flag Pharma”                   Shenyang Red Flag Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* ( 瀋陽紅旗製藥有限公 司), a
                                    subsidiary of the Company
“PRC” or “China”                    The People’s Republic of China
“PRC Company Law”                   the Company Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國公司法》)




                                                                                            Annual Report 2023   413
Definitions



“PRC Securities Law”                    the Securities Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國證券法》)
“R&D”                                   research and development
“Reporting Period”                      the 12-month period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023
“restricted A Share(s)”                 the A Share(s) granted by the Company to a participant according to the
                                        conditions and price stipulated under the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive
                                        Scheme which are subject to the restriction period and can only be unlocked and
                                        transferred after the unlocking conditions are satisfied
“RMB”                                   Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC
“SFO”                                   the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)
“Sermonix”                              Sermonix Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a company incorporated in U.S.
“Shandong Erye”                         Shandong Erye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (山東二葉製藥有限公司), a subsidiary
                                        of the Company
“Shanghai Henlius”                      Shanghai Henlius Biotech, Inc.* (上海復宏漢霖生物技術股份有限公司), a
                                        company incorporated in the PRC and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
                                        (Stock code: 02696) and a subsidiary of the Company
“Shanghai Listing Rules”                the Stock Listing Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (《上海證券交易所股票
                                        上 市 規 則》)
“Shanghai Stock Exchange”               the Shanghai Stock Exchange (上海證券交易所)
“Shanghai Xingchen Children’s Hospital” Shanghai Xingchen Children’s Hospital Co., Ltd.* (上海星晨兒童醫院有限公司),
                                        a subsidiary of the Company
“Shanghai Yaokang”                      Shanghai Yaokang Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd.* ( 上海曜康醫藥科 技有
                                        限 公 司 ), a subsidiary of the Company as at the end of the Reporting Period
“Shanghai Zhuoerhui”                    Shanghai Zhuoerhui Integrated Outpatient Limited Company* (上海卓爾薈
                                        綜 合 門 診部有限公司), a subsidiary of the Company
“Shareholder(s)”                        holder(s) of Shares
“Shares”                                ordinary shares in the capital of the Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00
                                        each, comprising A Shares and H Shares
“Shenzhen Hengsheng Hospital”           Shenzhen Hengsheng Hospital* (深圳恒生醫院), a subsidiary of the Company
“Shenzhen Stock Exchange”               the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (深圳證券交易所)
“Shine Star”                            Hubei Shine Star Biological Engineering Co., Ltd.* (湖北新生源生物工程有限公
                                        司 ), a subsidiary of the Company
“Shinrong Plastic Surgery Hospital”     Chongqing Shinrong Plastic Surgery Hospital Co., Ltd.* (重慶星榮整形外科醫
                                        院 有 限 責 任公司), a subsidiary of the Company
“Shinsun Pharma”                        Liaoning Shinsun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (遼寧新興藥業股份有限公司), a
                                        subsidiary of the Company
“Sinopharm”                             Sinopharm Group Co. Ltd.* (國藥控股股份有限公司), a company incorporated
                                        in the PRC and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 01099), a
                                        subsidiary of Sinopharm Industrial
“Sinopharm Industrial”                  Sinopharm Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.* ( 國 藥 產 業 投 資 有 限 公 司 ), an
                                        associate of the Company




414 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Definitions



“Sisram Medical”               Sisram Medical Ltd, a company incorporated in Israel and listed on the Hong Kong
                               Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 01696), a subsidiary of the Company
“substantial shareholder(s)”   has the meaning given to it under the Hong Kong Listing Rules
“Suntech Pharma*               Shanghai Fosun Suntech Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (上海復星星泰醫藥科技有限
                               公司), a subsidiary of the Company
“Supervisors”                  the member(s) of the Supervisory Committee
“Supervisory Committee”        the supervisory committee of the Company
“Suqian Zhongwu Hospital”      Suqian Zhongwu Hospital Co., Ltd.* ( 宿 遷 市 鐘 吾 醫 院 有 限 責 任 公 司 ), a
                               subsidiary of the Company
“Suzhou Abcarta”               Suzhou Abcarta Medical Technology Co., Ltd.* ( 蘇州百道醫療科技有限公司),
                               a subsidiary of the Company
“Suzhou Erye”                  Suzhou Erye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., * ( 蘇州二葉製藥有限公司, a subsidiary
                               of the Company
“Suzhou Fund”                  Suzhou Fujian Xingyi Venture Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* ( 蘇州
                               復 健 星 熠 創業投資合夥企業( 有限合夥))
“Suzhou Xingchen”              Suzhou Xingchen Venture Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* ( 蘇州星
                               晨 創 業 投資合夥企業( 有限合夥)), a subsidiary of the Company
“Suzhou Xingweilai Fund”       Suzhou Xingsheng Yuanfeng Venture and Investment Partnership (Limited
                               Partnership)* (蘇州星盛園豐創業投資合夥企業( 有限合夥)), a subsidiary of
                               the Company
“Syneos Health”                Syneos Health, Inc., a company incorporated in the United States
“Tianjin Fund”                 Tianjin Fosun Haihe Healthcare Industry Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership)*
                               (天 津 復星海河醫療健康產業基金合夥企業( 有限合夥))
“Tianjin Xingyao”              Xingyao (Tianjin) Investment Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)*
                               (星 耀 (天津) 投資管理合夥企業( 有限合夥)), a subsidiary of the Company
“United Health Insurance”      Fosun United Health Insurance Company Limited* ( 復星聯合健康保險股份有
                               限公司)
“U.S.” or “United States”      United States of America, its territories and possessions, any state of the United
                               States and the District of Columbia
“U.S. FDA”                     U.S. Food and Drug Administration
“US$”                          United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States
“Wanbang Folon”                Hebei Wanbang Folon Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (河北萬邦復臨藥業有限公司),
                               a subsidiary of the Company
“Wanbang Jinqiao”              Xuzhou Wanbang Jinqiao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* ( 徐州萬邦金橋製藥有限公
                               司 ), a subsidiary of the Company
“Wanbang Pharma”               Jiangsu Wanbang Biopharmaceutical Company Limited* ( 江蘇萬邦生化醫藥集
                               團 有 限 責任公司), a subsidiary of the Company
“Wanbang Tiansheng”            Shenyang Wanbang Tiansheng Biological Technology Co., Ltd.* (瀋陽萬邦天晟
                               生 物 科 技有限公司), a subsidiary of the Company
“Wenzhou Geriatric Hospital”   Wenzhou Geriatric Hospital Co., Ltd.* (溫州老年病醫院有限公司), a subsidiary
                               of the Company




                                                                                       Annual Report 2023   415
Definitions



“WHO”                                       World Health Organization
“WHO PQ”                                    World Health Organization Prequalification
“Written Code”                              Written Code for Securities Transactions by Directors/Relevant Employees of
                                            Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. (《上海復星醫藥( 集團) 股份有
                                            限 公 司 董 事╱有關僱員進行證券交易的書面守則》)
“Xingjian Ruiying Fund”                     Nanjing Xingjian Ruiying Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* ( 南
                                            京 星 健 睿贏股權投資合夥企業( 有限合夥)), a subsidiary of the Company
“Xingnuo Pharma”                            Jiangsu Xingnuo Pharmaceutical Technology Company Limited* ( 江蘇星諾醫藥
                                            科 技 有 限公司), a subsidiary of the Company
“Xingsheng Fuying”                          Suzhou Xingzheng Fuying Corporate Management Partnership (Limited
                                            Partnership)* (蘇州星盛復盈企業管理合夥企業( 有限合夥)), a subsidiary of
                                            the Company
“Xuzhou Fund”                               Xuzhou Fuyao Xingpeng Venture Capital Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (徐州
                                            復 曜 星 彭創業投資合夥企業( 有限合夥)), a subsidiary of the Company
“Xuzhou Innovative MedTech Fund”            Xuzhou Fuyu Pengtai Venture Capital Investment Partnership (Limited
                                            Partnership)* (徐州復毓彭泰創業投資合夥企業( 有限合夥)), a subsidiary of
                                            the Company
“Xuzhou Wanbang Cloud Pharmacy”             Xuzhou Wanbang Cloud Pharmacy Chain Co., Ltd.* (徐州萬邦雲藥房連鎖有限
                                            公司)
“Xuzhou Xingchen Women’s and                Xuzhou Xingchen Women’s and Children’s Hospital Co., Ltd.* (徐州星晨婦兒醫
  Children’s Hospital”                      院 有 限 公 司), a subsidiary of the Company
“Yao Pharma”                                Chongqing Yao Pharmaceutical Company Limited* (重慶藥友製藥有限責任公
                                            司 ), a subsidiary of the Company
“YSB”                                       YSB Inc., a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and listed on the Hong
                                            Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 09885)
“Zhaohui Pharma”                            Shanghai Zhaohui Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* ( 上 海 朝 暉 藥 業 有 限 公 司 ), a
                                            subsidiary of the Company
“%”                                         per cent


In this annual report, if there is any inconsistency between the Chinese names of the entities, authorities, organizations,
institutions or enterprises established in China or the awards or certificates given in China and their English translations, the
Chinese version shall prevail.

*   for identification purposes only




416 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
