4
     Vision
     We are dedicated to being the global
     leading integrator of pharmaceutical and
     health innovation.




     Mission
     Better health for families worldwide.




02     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
      Contents
 02   Corporate Information
 04   Financial Highlights
 05   Chairman’s Statement
 10   Management Discussion and Analysis
 70   Five-Year Statistics
 71   Report of the Directors
103   Supervisory Committee Report
105   Corporate Governance Report
117   Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and
       Senior Management
130   Independent Auditor’s Report
135   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
136   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
137   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
139   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
141   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
143   Notes to Financial Statements
274   Definitions




                                 Annual Report 2024   01
Corporate Information

DIRECTORS                                                                     STRATEGIC COMMITTEE
Executive Directors                                                           Mr. Wu Yifang (吳以芳) (Chairman)

Mr. Wu Yifang ( 吳 以 芳 ) (Chairman)
                                                                              Mr. Wang Kexin (王可心)8

Mr. Wang Kexin ( 王 可 心 ) (Co-Chairman)
                                                                              Mr. Chen Qiyu (陳啟宇)

Ms. Guan Xiaohui (關 曉 暉 ) (Vice Chairman)
                                                                              Mr. Xu Xiaoliang (徐曉亮)
                                                                              Ms. Li Ling ( 李玲)
Mr. Wen Deyong ( 文 德 鏞 ) (Chief Executive Officer)
                                                                              Mr. Yao Fang (姚方)2

Non-executive Directors
                                                                              AUDIT COMMITTEE
Mr. Chen Qiyu ( 陳啟 宇 )
Mr. Xu Xiaoliang (徐 曉 亮 )
                                                                              Mr. Tang Guliang (湯谷良) (Chairman)

Mr. Pan Donghui (潘 東 輝 )
                                                                              Mr. Wang Quandi (王全弟)
                                                                              Ms. Li Ling ( 李玲)
Mr. Chen Yuqing (陳 玉 卿 )1
Mr. Yao Fang ( 姚 方 )2
                                                                              NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Independent Non-executive Directors                                           Mr. Wang Quandi (王全弟) (Chairman)
                                                                              Ms. Li Ling ( 李玲)
Ms. Li Ling ( 李 玲 )
                                                                              Mr. Pan Donghui (潘東輝)
Mr. Tang Guliang (湯 谷 良 )
Mr. Wang Quandi (王 全 弟 )
                                                                              REMUNERATION AND
Mr. Yu Tze Shan Hailson ( 余 梓 山 )
                                                                               APPRAISAL COMMITTEE
SUPERVISORS                                                                   Mr. Yu Tze Shan Hailson (余梓山) (Chairman)
                                                                              Mr. Tang Guliang (湯谷良)
Mr. Chen Bing (陳 冰 ) (Chairman) 3
                                                                              Mr. Wang Quandi (王全弟)
Mr. Guan Yimin (管 一 民 )
                                                                              Mr. Chen Qiyu (陳啟宇)
Ms. Wang Lina ( 王 麗 娜 )4
                                                                              Mr. Pan Donghui (潘東輝)
Ms. Ren Qian (任 倩 )5
                                                                              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                                                      GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
Ms. Dong Xiaoxian (董 曉 嫻 )
                                                                              Mr. Yu Tze Shan Hailson (余梓山) (Chairman)
Ms. Chan Sau Ling (陳 秀 玲 )6
                                                                              Ms. Li Ling ( 李玲)
Ms. Kam Mei Ha Wendy (甘 美 霞 )7
                                                                              Mr. Wang Quandi (王全弟)
                                                                              Mr. Wu Yifang (吳以芳)
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                                                    Ms. Guan Xiaohui (關曉暉)
Mr. Wu Yifang ( 吳 以 芳 )
Ms. Chan Sau Ling (陳 秀 玲 )6
Ms. Kam Mei Ha Wendy (甘 美 霞 )7




1
    appointed on 27 September 2024.
2
    resigned on 30 June 2024.
3
    appointed as the chairman of the Supervisory Committee on 19 June 2024.
4
    appointed as an employee Supervisor on 19 June 2024.
5
    resigned with effect from 19 June 2024.
6
    appointed on 27 August 2024.
7
    resigned on 27 August 2024.
8
    appointed on 1 July 2024.




02        Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Corporate Information



REGISTERED OFFICE                                       PRINCIPAL BANKS
9th Floor, No. 510 Caoyang Road                         The Export-Import Bank of China
Putuo District                                          Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
Shanghai, 200063, China                                 Bank of China
                                                        China Merchants Bank
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC                  Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
                                                        The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
Building A
No. 1289 Yishan Road
Shanghai, 200233, China
                                                        CORPORATE NAME
                                                        Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.*
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
 HONG KONG                                              STOCK ABBREVIATION
Room 1917, 19th floor, Lee Garden One                   FOSUN PHARMA
33 Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay
Hong Kong9                                              SHARE LISTING
                                                        A Share: Shanghai Stock Exchange
LEGAL ADVISERS IN HONG KONG                             Stock Code: 600196
Reed Smith Richards Butler LLP                          H Share: The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                                        Stock Code: 02196
LEGAL ADVISERS IN THE PRC
Grandall Law Firm (Shanghai)
                                                        A SHARE REGISTRAR AND
                                                         TRANSFER OFFICE IN THE PRC
AUDITOR                                                 China Securities Depository & Clearing Corporation Limited
                                                          (CSDCC) Shanghai Branch
Ernst & Young
                                                        188 South Yanggao Road
Certified Public Accountants
                                                        Pudong New Area
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                                        Shanghai, China
27th floor, One Taikoo Place
979 King’s Road, Quarry Bay
Hong Kong
                                                        H SHARE REGISTRAR AND
                                                         TRANSFER OFFICE IN HONG KONG
                                                        Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                                        17/F, Far East Finance Centre
                                                        16 Harcourt Road
                                                        Hong Kong

                                                        CORPORATE WEBSITE
                                                        www.fosunpharma.com




9
    changed to current address since 10 January 2025.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   03
Financial Highlights

                                                                2024          2023
                                                           RMB million   RMB million


Operating results
Revenue                                                         40,910       41,249
Gross profit                                                    19,544       19,653
Operating profit                                                 2,780        1,100
Profit before tax                                                4,169        3,277
Profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent         2,770        2,399

Profitability
Gross margin                                                   47.77%       47.64%
Net profit margin                                               8.59%        7.05%

Earnings per share (RMB Yuan)
Earnings per share — basic                                        1.04         0.90
Earnings per share — diluted                                      1.04         0.90


Assets
Total assets                                                  117,422       113,431
Equity attributable to owners of the parent                    47,223        45,646
Total liabilities                                              57,527        56,853
Cash and bank balances                                         13,524        13,694
Debt-to-asset ratio                                           48.99%        50.12%


Of which: Pharmaceutical manufacturing segment
Revenue                                                         28,776       30,080
Gross profit                                                    15,558       15,990
Segment results                                                  3,304        2,134
Segment profit for the year                                      3,250        1,974




04     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Chairman’s Statement

                   Dear Shareholders,

                   In recent years, the government has vigorously supported
                   innovation driven by clinical value, accelerating the pace of
                   launch of new drugs. Domestic pharmaceutical companies
                   have increasingly shifted their R&D efforts toward
                   differentiation and globalization. The innovation capabilities
                   of domestic pharmaceutical companies are increasingly
                   recognized in the global market, as evidenced by the growing
                   frequency of outbound licensing transactions and their
                   value consistently hitting record highs. In the medical device
                   sector, although the high-value consumables continue to be
                   confronted with centralized procurement pressures, innovative
                   devices remain strongly encouraged and supported by the
                   government. End-users’ demand for high-quality medical
                   device products continues to rise, with domestic substitution
                   and healthcare infrastructure expansion driving long-term
                   market growth. Meanwhile, the increasing policy support for
                   equipment upgrades has also created expansion opportunities
                   for the domestic medical device industry. In the healthcare
                   services sector, private healthcare has become a vital
                   complement to the public healthcare system. With the rise of
                   consumer-driven healthcare, the integration of healthcare,
                   insurance, and digital technology will emerge as a mainstream
                   trend in private medical services. In light of the rising demand
                           for innovation in the domestic pharmaceutical
                                and healthcare industries, increasing costs in
                                 R&D, production, and labor, and intensifying
                                   competition from multinational corporations,
                                    corporates must navigate both challenges and
                                     opportunities in this evolving landscape.




                                                    Mr. Wu Yifang
                                                    Chairman




                                                       Annual Report 2024      05
Chairman’s Statement



The Group is dedicated to disease and technologies areas that are clinically driven, therapeutically validated, and aligned
with the direction of modern medicine. It promotes the development and commercialization of innovative technologies and
products through diversified and multi-tiered collaboration models, including in-house R&D, co-development, licensing, and
industrial investments.

2024 REVIEW

During the Reporting Period, under the guidance of the “4IN” strategy (Innovation, Internationalization, Intelligentization
and Integration), the Group persisted in the development pattern of “innovation and transformation, integrated operation
and steady development” and the mission of creating value for the shareholders, and continued to advance innovation-
driven transformation, actively deploy internationalization, reinforce business focus, drive integrated operations and efficiency
enhancement..

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s performance was primarily driven by the optimization of its product portfolio and
sales growth resulting from the launch of innovative products. During the Reporting Period, the revenue of core products of
serplulimab injection (trade name in Chinese mainland: Han Si Zhuang), an innovative anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody drug,
Yi Kai Da (ejilunsai injection), the CAR-T cell therapy product, Akynzeo, the antiemetic drug, Pei Jin (telpegfilgrastim injection),
a long-lasting recombinant human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor product, and Yi Xin Tan (sacubitril valsartan sodium
tablets), a drug for the treatment of heart failure and hypertension, recorded rapid growth.

During the Reporting Period, the Group also continued to sharpen its business focus, accelerated the integration of its
R&D, production and marketing systems, and enhanced operational efficiency, with synergistic effects gradually becoming
evident. Furthermore, the Group deepened global collaboration and expedited the international expansion of its products.
By leveraging differentiated competitive advantages, it addressed diverse demands in overseas markets, further broadening
regional coverage and business depth. As a result, the proportion of international operations further increased.

1.    Continued to promote innovation transformation and the development and launch of innovative
      products
      During the Reporting Period, a total of 16 indications1 of 7 innovative drugs/biosimilars independently developed or
      licensed-in by the Group were approved for launch, mainly including: 1 additional indication for Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab
      injection) was approved in Chinese mainland; Trastuzumab injection was approved for launch in the United States
      and Canada; 4 additional indications for Han Da Yuan (adalimumab injection) were approved in Chinese mainland;
      Rabies vaccine (Vero cell) for human use (freeze dried) was approved in Chinese mainland; 2 indications for botulinum
      toxin type A for injection (trademark in Chinese mainland: 達希斐®) was approved in Chinese mainland; the second
      indication of Su Ke Xin (avatrombopag maleate tablets) was approved in Chinese mainland; Pu Rui Ni (Pretomanid
      tablets) was approved in Chinese mainland.

      During the Reporting Period, 8 innovative drugs/biosimilars independently developed, co-developed or licensed-in by
      the Group, entered into the pre-launch approval/key clinical trial stage, and a total of 18 innovative drug/biosimilar
      projects (calculated by indication) were approved for clinical trial. Meanwhile, the medical devices and medical diagnosis
      segment also rolled out major offerings successively.




1     Counted on the number of indications listed on the regulatory approvals received domestically and overseas




06     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Chairman’s Statement



2.   Continued to enhance global operation capabilities
     During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to implement its internationalization strategy in multiple dimensions
     including innovative R&D, licensing partnership, production and operation as well as commercialization. The Group
     enhanced its operational efficiency and expanded global market presence, primarily covering the U.S., Europe, Africa,
     India, Southeast Asia and other overseas markets.

     In matured regulatory markets, the Group continued to enhance its global operation capabilities. It has set up multi-
     point R&D centers to realize global innovation, and further improved the commercialization system in different
     regulated markets through self-establishment, cooperation and other means. In the U.S. market, the Group has
     established a growing self-operated generic drug team, and cooperated with major distributors and group purchasing
     organizations (GPOs) to facilitate sales of preparations products, with 33 products in the market as at the end of the
     Reporting Period. The Group also established an innovative drug team in the U.S., and initiated the preparation works
     on the commercialization of serplulimab injection (anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody). In the European market, the Group,
     through its subsidiary Cenexi, has built up local manufacturing capabilities in Europe. In addition, the subsidiary Sisram
     Medical, after completing the acquisition of the direct sales channels in China in 2023 and achieving a direct sales
     layout in the Chinese market, established new direct sales channels in Thailand during the Reporting Period, which
     continues to strengthen its footprint in the Asia-Pacific market. The marketing network of Breas, a subsidiary, has also
     covered mature markets such as Europe, the U.S., Japan and Australia.

     As for emerging markets, in Africa, the Group primarily conducted medical product export and distribution business
     in the English-speaking and French-speaking regions in Sub-Saharan Africa, with sales network covering over 40
     countries and regions. Meanwhile, in order to realize localization in drug manufacturing and supply in Africa, the
     Group continued to advance the park construction in the Cote d’Ivoire. Furthermore, the Group also continuously
     strengthened its product export channels and system development by establishing a new pharmaceutical and
     medical device sales platform in Nanning in February 2025, which will gradually advance the Group’s registration and
     commercialization capabilities in Southeast Asia, so as to expand the local market.

3.   Matured commercialization system
     The Group continued to improve its commercialization system by optimizing the market layout and sales channels.
     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment had a commercialization team
     consisting of over 5,000 employees in Chinese mainland, covering hospitals, retail channels, etc. In terms of core
     departments such as hematology, lymphoma, breast, medical oncology, endocrinology, cardiology, rheumatology and
     nephrology, through the systematic market access team and special product team, the Group explored the innovative
     product market in core therapeutic areas, and covered county-level and certain prefecture-level markets in Chinese
     mainland through the broad market team. In addition, the Group solidified and expanded the sales channels of its
     pharmaceutical products by virtue of the cooperation and linkage with Sinopharm, an associated company.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024     07
Chairman’s Statement



     In terms of commercialization in overseas markets, as at the end of the Reporting Period, the overseas commercialization
     team of pharmaceutical manufacturing and medical devices segments has over 1,000 employees. In the U.S. market,
     the Group has established the U.S. innovative drug team. In emerging markets such as Africa, the Group has set
     up 5 regional drug distribution centers, and continues to improve the core digital management capabilities, user
     operation capabilities and B2B2C model service capabilities so as to provide one-stop services consisting of registration,
     circulation, academic promotion and post-launch safety alert and other services for customers. The medical devices
     segment has continued expanding its global marketing network. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Sisram Medical
     has expanded its global direct-sales offices to 12, with marketing network now spanning over 110 countries and
     regions worldwide. The share of direct sales revenue has further increased to 87% during the Reporting Period. At the
     same time, Breas has expanded its marketing network to cover mature markets such as Europe, the U.S., China, Japan,
     India, and Australia.

     In addition, during the Reporting Period, the Group also released the clinical data for multiple pipeline candidates and
     marketed products at global industry academic conferences such as the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO),
     the Annual Meeting of the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR), the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO),
     the World Conference on Lung Cancer (WCLC), and the European Hematology Association (EHA), as well as in globally
     top-notch journals such as the New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM) and The Lancet, further enhancing the Group’s
     global academic impact.

4.   Digitalization and AI empowered business continued to grow
     The Group had continued to deepen its digital transformation, optimize technologies and methods, and broadly apply
     them in areas such as drug R&D, smart healthcare, and precision medicine, aiming to build a digital and intelligent
     innovative application ecosystem. The Group continued to promote the application of AI technology in pharmaceutical
     R&D, and engaged the PharmAID decision intelligence platform, which is based on modules such as information
     extraction, patent insight, and business forecasting to support intelligent decision-making in drug R&D. Meanwhile,
     the Group continued to deepen the application of digital technologies across core areas such as R&D, production,
     marketing and management, with the aim to enhance operational efficiency and intelligence.

5.   Continued to promote lean management and improve quality and efficiency
     During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to promote lean management across various aspects, including
     quality enhancement, cost control, efficiency improvement, cyclical management and innovative R&D, with an aim to
     improve operational efficiency and profitability. In terms of innovative R&D, the Group continued to focus on pipelines
     with advantages, optimized management and resources allocation of R&D projects and prioritized to the promotion
     of key projects to realize research commercialization and continuous launch of innovative products. In terms of lean
     operation, the Group continuously strengthened cost management to enhance the competitiveness of production
     cost and continuously improved product yield by optimizing production processes, strengthening process control and
     strengthening staff training. In addition, the Group also continued to promote the international market expansion of
     APIs. During the Reporting Period, the ferric carboxymaltose API-supported preparations were launched in the Europe.

     Meanwhile, the Group continued to divest and integrate non-strategic and non-core assets, and gathered resources on
     core businesses so as to optimize asset structure and improve asset efficiency. During the Reporting Period, the Group
     continued its asset structure optimization and acceleration of cash recovery, with total funds recouped reaching nearly
     RMB3,000 million since 2024.




08    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Chairman’s Statement



OUTLOOK

The Group will commit to its mission of improving human health, adhere to its corporate philosophy of “Innovation for
Good Health”, and endeavor to capture the momentum presented by the broad pharmaceutical market in China as well
as the rapid growth in mainstream markets such as Europe and the U.S. and certain emerging markets. The Group adheres
to the development strategies of innovation and transformation, integrated operation and steady development, so as to
further enhance the establishment of core competence to constantly improve the operating results. In terms of innovation
and internationalization, the Group will continuously enhance its independent R&D capability and continue to achieve the
transformation and practice of global innovative advanced technology by adopting license-in projects, industry funds and
other models so as to facilitate the innovation and transformation and propel the international expansion of the Group.
With respect to production and operation, the Group will strengthen the upgrading and optimization of production and
manufacturing system, continue to improve supply chain management, promote the consolidation of production resources
and realization of star production lines for products within the Group. By taking smart factories as standard, the Group will
build new manufacturing bases for preparations and APIs, so as to secure production capacity for newly launched products
and key products. At the same time, the Group will continue to promote digitalisation and AI transformation and upgrade.

I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all Shareholders, members of the Board, the management, employees and
business partners of the Group.




Mr. Wu Yifang
Chairman

25 March 2025




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024    09
Management Discussion and Analysis

FINANCIAL REVIEW

During the Reporting Period, the audited annual results and the summary of basic financial results prepared by the Group in
accordance with HKFRS are as follow:

During the Reporting Period, the Group further focused on innovative drugs and high-value devices, and promotion of
product structure and strategic transformation, with revenue amounted to RMB40,910 million. Specifically, the revenue from
innovative drugs recorded steady growth, with the core products of innovative anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody drug (trade
name in Chinese mainland: Han Si Zhuang), Yi Kai Da (ejilunsai injection), the CAR-T cell therapy product, Akynzeo (netupitant
and palonosetron hydrochloride capsules), the antiemetic drug, Pei Jin (telpegfilgrastim injection), a long-lasting recombinant
human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor product, and Yi Xin Tan (sacubitril valsartan sodium tablets), a drug for the
treatment of heart failure and hypertension, recorded rapid growth.

During the Reporting Period, the profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent of the Group amounted to
RMB2,770 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.46%. In particular, the net profit attributable to owners of the
parent of the Group after deducting extraordinary gain or loss amounted to RMB2,314 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of 15.10%. The year-on-year increase in net profit after deducting extraordinary gain or loss was mainly due to:

(1)   during the Reporting Period, the administrative expense of the Group amounted to RMB4,440 million, representing a
      year-on-year decrease of 1.22%; excluding the impact of newly acquired companies, administrative expenses decreased
      by RMB318 million on the same basis.

(2)   during the Reporting Period, the finance costs of the Group increased by RMB107 million due to factors such as
      the appreciation of the United States dollars, changes in the size of interest-bearing liabilities,rehabilitation medical
      business’s long-term leases subject to the recognition of lease liabilities in accordance with the lease standard.

(3)   During the Reporting Period, the selling and distribution expenses of the Group amounted to RMB8,680 million and the
      sales expense ratio was 21.22%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.32 percentage points. The main reasons for
      the year-on-year change in the sales expense ratio during the Reporting Period were: (1) continued to strengthen the
      control of selling expenses through refined management and optimized resource allocation; (2) the structure of sales
      products has changed, and the sales expense ratio of centralized procurement products has decreased year-on-year; (3)
      the Group maintained investment in market development and sales team for new product launched.

During the Reporting Period, earnings per share of the Group increased by 15.56% to RMB1.04 as compared to 2023. The
increase in earnings per share was mainly due to the increase in profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent.

REVENUE

During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Group amounted to RMB40,910 million, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 0.82%. The Group recorded revenue of RMB29,613 million in Chinese Mainland, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 4.10%. Revenue of an equivalent of RMB11,297 million was recorded in countries or regions other than Chinese
Mainland, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.93%.

During the Reporting Period, the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment of the Group generated revenue of RMB28,776
million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 4.34%. The segment results amounted to RMB3,304 million, representing a
year-on-year increase of 54.83%. The segment profit amounted to RMB3,250 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
64.64%.




10     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



COST OF SALES

During the Reporting Period, cost of sales of the Group decreased to RMB21,366 million from RMB21,595 million,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.06%.

GROSS PROFIT

During the Reporting Period, gross profit of the Group amounted to RMB19,544 million, representing a decrease of 0.55%
as compared with RMB19,653 million for 2023. The gross profit margin of the Group for 2024 and 2023 was 47.77% and
47.64%, respectively. This year, the gross profit margin increased by 0.13 percentage point as compared to 2023, mainly due
to the increase in the proportion of new and sub-new products with relatively high gross profit margins in total revenue.

R&D EXPENSES AND R&D EXPENDITURE

During the Reporting Period, the total R&D expenditure of the Group amounted to RMB5,554 million. In particular, the
R&D expenses amounted to RMB3,644 million. During the Reporting Period, the R&D expenditures in the pharmaceutical
manufacturing segment amounted to RMB4,910 million, accounting for 16.98% of the revenue from the pharmaceutical
manufacturing segment. In particular, R&D expenses amounted to RMB3,071 million, accounting for 10.62% of the revenue
from the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment, mainly due to the fact that during the Reporting Period, the Group
concentrated on quality pipeline assets and enhanced efficiency by integrating its R&D system; as the R&D projects advance,
multiple pipelines met the criteria for capitalization recognition, leading to the R&D investment of several projects transferred
to development expenditure; in addition to self-initiated R&D, the Group actively implemented an open R&D model by
leveraging industry funds and other mechanisms to incubate R&D projects, so as to ensure the sustainability of innovation
and R&D investment.

SHARE OF PROFITS OF ASSOCIATES

During the Reporting Period, share of profits of associates of the Group decreased to RMB1,828 million from RMB2,387
million, representing a decrease of 23.42% as compared to last year.

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR

Due to the above factors, profit for the year of the Group increased to RMB3,512 million from RMB2,907 million,
representing an increase of 20.81% as compared to last year. Net profit margin of the Group for 2024 and 2023 was 8.59%
and 7.05%, respectively.

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT

During the Reporting Period, profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent of the Group increased to RMB2,770
million from RMB2,399 million, representing an increase of 15.46% as compared to last year.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024     11
Management Discussion and Analysis



DEBT STRUCTURE, LIQUIDITY AND SOURCES OF FUNDS

Total Debts
As at 31 December 2024, total debts of the Group increased to RMB33,064 million from RMB32,574 million as at 31
December 2023 mainly due to the increase in interest-bearing liabilities scale during the Reporting Period. As at 31 December
2024, mid-to-long-term debts of the Group accounted for 31.59% of its total debts, representing a decrease of 9.87
percentage point as compared to 41.46% as at 31 December 2023. As at 31 December 2024, cash and bank balances fell by
1.24% to RMB13,524 million from RMB13,694 million as at 31 December 2023.

As at 31 December 2024, an equivalent amount of RMB4,550 million (31 December 2023: RMB6,768 million) out of the total
debts of the Group was denominated in foreign currencies, and the remainder was denominated in RMB.

As at 31 December 2024, cash and bank balances of the Group denominated in foreign currencies amounted to RMB3,964
million (31 December 2023: RMB3,457 million).

                                                                                               Unit: million   Currency: RMB

                                                                                            31 December         31 December
Cash and bank balances denominated in:                                                             2024                2023


RMB                                                                                                 9,560            10,237
US dollars                                                                                          1,334             1,008
Rupees                                                                                              2,094             1,883
Euros                                                                                                 290               177
HK dollars                                                                                             49               116
Others                                                                                                197               273


Total                                                                                              13,524            13,694


Gearing Ratio
As at 31 December 2024, the gearing ratio, calculated as total interest-bearing liabilities over total assets, was 28.16%, as
compared with 28.72% as at 31 December 2023.

Interest Rate
As at 31 December 2024, total interest-bearing bank and other borrowings at a floating interest rate amounted to
RMB13,331 million (31 December 2023: RMB15,215 million).




12      Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



Maturity structure of Outstanding Debts
                                                                                                 Unit: million   Currency: RMB

                                                                                             31 December          31 December
                                                                                                    2024                 2023


Within 1 year                                                                                        22,620             19,069
1 to 2 years                                                                                          4,815              6,265
3 to 5 years                                                                                          5,433              6,193
Over 5 years                                                                                            196              1,047


Total                                                                                                33,064             32,574


AVAILABLE FACILITIES

As at 31 December 2024, save for cash and bank balances of RMB13,524 million, the Group had unutilized banking facilities
of RMB22,271 million in aggregate. The Group has also entered into cooperation agreements with various major banks (the
“Banks”) in China. According to such agreements, the Banks have granted the Group general banking facilities to support its
capital requirements. The utilization of such bank facilities was subject to the approval of individual projects from the Banks
in accordance with banking regulations in China. As at 31 December 2024, total available banking facilities under these
arrangements were approximately RMB55,866 million in aggregate, of which RMB33,595 million had been utilized.

On 12 October 2023, the Company obtained approval from the CSRC to publicly issue corporate bonds not exceeding RMB8
billion to professional investors. The approval shall be valid within 24 months from the date of the CSRC’s approval for
registration. As at the date of this report, no corporate bonds have been issued pursuant to the approval.

Collateral and Pledged Assets
As at 31 December 2024, the Group had placed the following assets as collateral for bank borrowings: property, plant and
equipment amounting to RMB2,597 million (31 December 2023: RMB2,117 million), prepaid land lease payments amounting
to RMB615 million (31 December 2023: RMB615 million), trade and bills receivables amounting to RMB24 million (31
December 2023: nil), and patents among other intangible assets amounting to RMB227,000 (31 December 2023: RMB355
million).

As at 31 December 2024, the Group had pledged the following for bank borrowings: 6.00% equity interest in a subsidiary
Jianjia Healthcare and 58.67% equity interest in a subsidiary Suzhou Abcarta (31 December 2023: 58.67% equity interest in
a subsidiary Suzhou Abcarta). Details of the collateral and pledged assets are set out in note 34 to the financial statements.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024     13
Management Discussion and Analysis



Cash Flow
The cash of the Group is mainly used for meeting capital requirements, repaying interest and principal of debts due, paying
for purchases and capital expenditures, and funding growth and expansion of facilities and businesses of the Group. The
table below shows the cash flow of the Group generated from (or used in) operating activities, investing activities and
financing activities for 2024 and 2023.

                                                                                                                            Unit: million     Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                       31 December              31 December
                                                                                                                              2024                     2023


Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                                          4,477                  3,414
Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                                                      (3,613)                (3,819)
Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities                                                                               (1,003)                 1,336
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                               (111)                (1,668)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                                            9,502                 11,170
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                                                  9,391                  9,502


Note: For the analysis on reasons for the changes in cash flows, please refer to “5. Cash Flows” of “IV. Major Operations in the Reporting Period” under “BUSINESS
      REVIEW”.


Capital Commitments and Capital Expenditures
During the Reporting Period, capital expenditures of the Group amounted to RMB6,641 million, which mainly consisted of
additions to property, plant and equipment, other intangible assets and prepaid land lease payments included in right-of-use
assets exclusive of amounts due to new acquisition of subsidiaries. Details of capital expenditures are set out in note 46 to the
financial statements.

As at 31 December 2024, the Group had capital commitments contracted but not provided of approximately RMB698 million
and capital commitments authorized but not signed of approximately to RMB1,225 million. These capital commitments were
mainly used to the reconstruction and renewal of plant and machinery. Details of capital commitments are set out in note 46
to the financial statements.

Contingent Liabilities
As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not have any contingent liabilities.

Interest Coverage
In 2024, the interest coverage, which is calculated by EBITDA divided by financial cost was 6.03 times as compared with
5.61 times for 2023. The increase in the interest coverage was mainly due to the EBITDA of the Group in 2024 which was
RMB8,772 million, increased by 13.63% as compared with that in 2023 which was RMB7,720 million, and financial cost
of the Group in 2024 amounting to RMB1,432 million, increased by 8.08% as compared with that in 2023 which was
RMB1,325 million.




14       Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



RISK MANAGEMENT

Foreign Currency Exposure
The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from sales or purchases by operating units and
investing and financing activities by investment holding units in currencies other than the units’ functional currencies.

Interest Rate Exposure
It is the Group’s strategy to use debts with fixed and floating interest rates to manage its interest costs. The Group’s exposure
to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s debt obligations with floating interest rates.

BUSINESS REVIEW

The Board’s Discussion and Analysis on Operations of the Group for the Reporting Period
During the Reporting Period, the Group further focused on innovative drugs and high-value devices, and promotion of
product structure and strategic transformation, with revenue amounted to RMB40,910 million. Specifically, the revenue from
innovative drugs recorded steady growth, with the core products of innovative anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody drug (trade
name in Chinese mainland: Han Si Zhuang), Yi Kai Da (ejilunsai injection), the CAR-T cell therapy product, Akynzeo (netupitant
and palonosetron hydrochloride capsules), the antiemetic drug, Pei Jin (telpegfilgrastim injection), a long-lasting recombinant
human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor product, and Yi Xin Tan (sacubitril valsartan sodium tablets), a drug for the
treatment of heart failure and hypertension, recorded rapid growth.

During the Reporting Period, the Group realized an operating cash flow of RMB4,477 million, representing a year-on-year
growth of 31.13%, higher than the growth in operating profit. The Group also increased the free cash flow through multiple
measures including asset structure optimization and strict capital expenditures control. The Group continued to promote
lean management across various aspects, including quality enhancement, cost control, efficiency improvement, cyclical
management and innovative R&D, with an aim to improve operational efficiency and profitability. During the Reporting
Period, the gross profit margin less selling expenses ratio increased by 2.45 percentage points year-on-year. Excluding the
impact of newly acquired companies, the administrative expense decreased by RMB318 million.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024     15
Management Discussion and Analysis



In addition, the Group continued to divest and integrate non-strategic and non-core assets, and gathered its resources
on core businesses so as to optimize asset structure and improve asset efficiency. During the Reporting Period, the Group
continued its asset structure optimization and acceleration of cash return. Since 2024, the total amount of funds recovered
by the Group has reached nearly RMB3,000 million.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed company amounted to
RMB2,770 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.46%. In particular, the net profit attributable to shareholders
of the listed company after deducting extraordinary gain or loss amounted to RMB2,314 million, representing a year-on-
year increase of 15.10%, extraordinary gain or loss amounted to RMB456 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
17.53%.

During the Reporting Period, while maintaining a relatively stable level of R&D intensity, the Group continued to optimize
its innovation and R&D system to facilitate R&D efficiency, with the total R&D expenditure amounting to RMB5,554 million.
In particular, the R&D expenses amounted to RMB3,644 million. In addition to self-initiated R&D, the Group also actively
implemented an open R&D model by leveraging industry funds and other mechanisms to incubate the innovative R&D
projects, so as to ensure the sustainability of innovation and R&D.

During the Reporting Period, the revenue structure of the Group was as follows:

                                                                                              Unit: million   Currency: RMB

                                                         2024 revenue                 2023 revenue             Year-on-year
                                                                                                                   increase/
                                                                Percentage                    Percentage of     decrease of
                                                  Amount        of revenue         Amount          revenue       of revenue
                                                                       (%)                             (%)              (%)


By business segment
Pharmaceutical manufacturing                        28,776              70.34       30,080            72.92           –4.34
Medical devices and medical diagnosis                4,320              10.56        4,386            10.63           –1.50
Healthcare services                                  7,642              18.68        6,667            16.16           14.62

By geographical locations
Chinese mainland                                    29,613              72.39       30,878            74.86           –4.10
Regions outside Chinese mainland and
  other countries                                   11,297              27.61       10,371            25.14            8.93




16     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



I.   Main Operational Progress of the Group during the Reporting Period
     1.     Continued to promote innovation transformation and the development and launch of innovative
            products
            •    During the Reporting Period, a total of 16 indications1 1 of 7 innovative drugs/biosimilars
                 independently developed or licensed-in by the Group were approved for launch, mainly including:
                 1 additional indication for Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection) was approved in Chinese
                 mainland. 1 additional indication for innovative anti-PD-1 Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection)
                 independently developed by the Group in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin for the first-
                 line treatment of patients with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) sensitivity mutation-negative
                 and anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) gene rearrangement-negative locally advanced or metastatic non-
                 squamous non-small cell lung cancer (nsNSCLC) was approved in Chinese mainland. This new indication
                 is the third approved indication for Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection) in the treatment of lung cancer,
                 further expanding the coverage of patients.

                   Trastuzumab injection was approved for launch in the United States and Canada. Following the
                   approvals for launch in the EU and Chinese mainland, 3 indications of Trastuzumab injection (U.S. trade
                   name: HERCESSI™ ), the Group’s self-developed biosimilar, were approved for launch by the U.S. FDA in
                   April 2024, making it the domestical biosimilar approved in China, the EU and the United States. In August
                   2024, the new drug submission of Trastuzumab injection (Canada trade name: Adheroza) was approved
                   by Health Canada for the treatment of early breast cancer, metastatic breast cancer and metastatic gastric
                   cancer.

                   4 additional indications for Han Da Yuan (adalimumab injection) were approved in Chinese
                   mainland. The Group’s self-developed biosimilar Han Da Yuan (adalimumab injection) was approved for
                   launch for 4 additional indications by the NMPA. With such approval, Han Da Yuan (adalimumab injection)
                   covers all 8 indications of the original adalimumab approved in Chinese mainland.

                   Rabies vaccine (Vero cell) for human use (freeze dried) was approved in Chinese mainland. Rabies
                   vaccine (Vero cell) for human use (freeze dried) independently developed by the Group was approved for
                   launch in Chinese mainland. The relevant production lines have also passed GMP compliance inspections.

                   2 indications for botulinum toxin type A for injection (trademark in Chinese mainland: 達希斐 ®)
                   was approved in Chinese mainland. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s licensed-in product,
                   DAXXIFY (botulinum toxin type A for injection), was approved for two indications (temporary improvement
                   in the appearance of moderate to severe glabellar lines associated with corrugator and/or procerus
                   muscle activity in adults, and treatment of cervical dystonia in adults) in Chinese mainland, and is the first
                   DaxibotulinumtoxinA-lanm botulinum toxin product approved for marketing in Chinese mainland.

                   The second indication of Su Ke Xin (avatrombopag maleate tablets) was approved in Chinese
                   mainland. Su Ke Xin (avatrombopag maleate tablets), exclusively commercialized by the Group, was
                   approved for the second indication in Chinese mainland during the Reporting Period. This new indication
                   is for the treatment of chronic immune thrombocytopenia (ITP) in adult patients with poor response from
                   prior treatment, which will benefit more patients.




1
     Counted on the number of indications listed on the regulatory approvals received domestically and overseas




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   17
Management Discussion and Analysis



               Pu Rui Ni (Pretomanid tablets) was approved in Chinese mainland. During the Reporting Period,
               the licensed-in product of the Group, Pu Rui Ni (Pretomanid tablets), was approved in Chinese mainland,
               providing more treatment options for patients with drug-resistant tuberculosis.

               For details of the Group’s major innovative products and core categories launched as at the end of the
               Reporting Period, please refer to Table 1.

         •     During the Reporting Period, 8 innovative drugs/biosimilars independently developed, co-
               developed or licensed-in by the Group, entered into the pre-launch approval/key clinical trial
               stage, mainly including:
               The NDA of Luvometinib tablets (Project Code: FCN-159), the Group’s independently developed MEK1/2
               selective inhibitor, was accepted by the NMPA for two indications: treatment of adult dendritic cell and
               histiocytic neoplasms, and treatment of NF1 (type 1 neurofibroma)-associated plexiform neurofibromas (PN)
               in children aged 2 and over. Both applications were granted priority review.

               During the Reporting Period, the new drug applications of HLX14 (Recombinant anti-RANKL fully human
               monoclonal antibody injection), the Group’s self-developed biosimilar of denosumab, were successively
               accepted by the European Medicines Agency, Health Canada and U.S. FDA.

               The NDA of pertuzumab biosimilar HLX11 (recombinant anti-HER2 domain II humanized monoclonal
               antibody injection) that independently developed by the Group was accepted by the NMPA in December
               2024. The phase III of the international multi-center clinical trial of the drug reached its primary study
               endpoint in September 2024 and its biologics license application (BLA) was accepted by U.S. FDA in
               February 2025.

               In addition, during the Reporting Period, the Phase III clinical study of the Group’s self-developed
               serplulimab injection (trade name in Chinese mainland: Han Si Zhuang) in combination with bevacizumab
               and chemotherapy for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) was
               initiated in Chinese mainland and Japan successively; the Phase III clinical studies for the combination dosing
               of OP0595, co-developed with Meiji Seika Pharma, and cefepime or aztreonam for the treatment of adults
               infected by aerobic gram-negative bacteria with limited treatment options, were commenced in Chinese
               mainland; and the Phase III of international multi-center clinical studies of HLX22 (anti-human epidermal
               growth factor receptor-2 (HER2) humanized monoclonal antibody injection), a novel monoclonal antibody
               targeting HER2, HLX78 (lasofoxifene tablets), and an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator, were
               initiated in Chinese mainland, respectively.




18   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



        •    During the Reporting Period, a total of 18 innovative drug/biosimilar projects (calculated by
             indication) were approved for clinical trial.

        •    Meanwhile, during the Reporting Period, the medical devices and medical diagnosis segment also
             rolled out major offerings, mainly including:
             The Ion Bronchial navigation operation control system (“Ion System”) of Intuitive Fosun, the Company’s
             associated companies, was approved by the NMPA and has completed the first commercial installation in
             September 2024; the Da Vinci SP endoscopic single orifice surgical system has been included in the NMPA’s
             special review process for innovative medical devices, facilitating its subsequent registration and review.
             Profhilo (i.e. sodium hyaluronate solution for injection) (trade name in Chinese mainland: Pu Fei Luo),
             an injectable filler product of which the Group is the sole agent in Chinese mainland, was launched as a
             licensed medical device in Hainan and launched for market in the newly direct sales market in Thailand.
             The fully-automated chemiluminescent immunoassay analyzer F-C2000, and cytokine detection reagent
             (chemiluminescence method), which were independently developed by the Group, were approved for
             launch in Chinese mainland, respectively.

   2.   Continued to enhance global operation capabilities
        During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to implement its internationalization strategy in
        multiple dimensions including innovative R&D, licensing partnership, production and operation as well as
        commercialization. The Group enhanced its operational efficiency and expanded global market presence, primarily
        covering the U.S., Europe, Africa, India, Southeast Asia and other overseas markets.

        In matured regulatory markets, the Group continued to enhance its global operation capabilities. It has set up
        multi-point R&D centers to realize global innovation, and further improved the commercialization system in
        different regulated markets through self-establishment, cooperation and other means. In the U.S. market, the
        Group has established a growing self-operated generic drug team, and cooperated with major distributors and
        group purchasing organizations (GPOs) to facilitate sales of preparations products, with 33 products in the
        market as at the end of the Reporting Period. The Group also established an innovative drug team in the U.S.,
        and initiated the preparation works on the commercialization of serplulimab injection (anti-PD-1 monoclonal
        antibody). In the European market, Gland Pharma, through its subsidiary Cenexi, has built up local manufacturing
        capabilities in Europe. The subsidiary Sisram Medical, after completing the acquisition of the direct sales channels
        in China in 2023 and achieving a direct sales layout in the Chinese market, established new direct sales channels
        in Thailand during the Reporting Period, which continues to strengthen its footprint in the Asia-Pacific market.
        The marketing network of Breas, a subsidiary, has also covered mature markets such as Europe, the U.S., Japan
        and Australia.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024     19
Management Discussion and Analysis



         As for emerging markets, in Africa, the Group primarily conducted medical product export and distribution
         business in the English-speaking and French-speaking regions in Sub-Saharan Africa, with sales network covering
         over 40 countries and regions. Meanwhile, in order to realize localization in drug manufacturing and supply
         in Africa, the Group continued to advance the park construction in the Cote d’Ivoire. Furthermore, the Group
         also continuously strengthened its product export channels and system development by establishing a new
         pharmaceutical and medical device sales platform in Nanning in February 2025, which gradually advanced the
         Group’s registration and commercialization capabilities in Southeast Asia, with an aim to expand the local market.

         •     Internationalization of innovative products
               The Group continued to expand the regulatory markets such as the U.S. and the EU. In respect of
               pharmaceutical manufacturing segment, during the Reporting Period, trastuzumab injection received
               approvals for market launch in the United States and Canada; the new drug authorization application (MAA)
               of serplulimab injection received positive review opinions from the Committee for Medicinal Products for
               Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicine Agency and was approved in the EU in February 2025;
               the new drug applications for the biosimilar of denosumab HLX14 (recombinant anti-RANKL fully human
               monoclonal antibody injection) was accepted by the European Medicine Agency, Health Canada, and
               the U.S. FDA; and HLX22 (anti-human epidermal growth factor receptor-2(HER2) humanized monoclonal
               antibody injection) for the first-line treatment of locally advanced or metastatic gastroesophageal junctional
               adenocarcinoma and gastric cancer, and HLX78 (lasofoxifene tablets) for the treatment of ER+/HER2-breast
               cancer with ESR1 mutation, among others, were in the international multi-center Phase III clinical trials. In
               respect of medical devices segment, during the Reporting Period, Alma HarmonyTM and Alam HybridTM, the
               two dermatological products of Sisram Medical, a subsidiary, received certification under the EU Medical
               Device Regulation, which further enhanced the Group’s product portfolio and competitive edge.

         •     Localization of innovative products in China
               The Group proactively introduces international leading technologies and products into the Chinese market,
               so as to benefit more patients and customers. During the Reporting Period, Intuitive-Fosun, the Company’s
               associated companies, officially opened its headquarters and industrial base in Zhangjiang International
               Medical Park, Shanghai, in June 2024. The industrial base integrates R&D, manufacturing and training. The
               launch of this industrial base will further accelerate the localization progress of the Da Vinci surgical system.
               In 2024, 58 units of “Da Vinci Surgical Robot” were being installed in Chinese mainland and Macau. As
               at the end of the Reporting Period, the “Da Vinci Surgical Robot” has been installed in over 300 hospitals
               across Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and Macau, with a cumulative installation volume exceeding 460
               units, serving more than 670,000 patients across Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and Macau. Additionally,
               the Ion System of Intuitive Fosun was approved by the NMPA in March 2024, and achieved the first
               commercial installation in September 2024. During the Reporting Period, 4 units of the Ion System were
               sold in Chinese mainland. The Ion System has adopted a flexible robot with shape-sensing technology and
               can perform precise diagnostic operations on peripheral lung lesions through the bronchus. The launch of
               the Ion System in China will help more lung cancer patients receive early diagnosis and treatment in a more
               minimally invasive way. The Da Vinci SP endoscopic single orifice surgical system of Intuitive Fosun has been
               included in the NMPA’s special review process for innovative medical devices, facilitating its subsequent




20   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



          registration and review. During the Reporting Period, Fosun Insightec, a joint venture established with
          Insightec in China, had achieved sales of the magneticresonance image guided focused ultrasound brain
          therapy system (“MRgFUS brain therapy system”). Several ventilators of Breas, a subsidiary, were
          approved for launch in Chinese mainland. In addition, during the Reporting Period, Fosun Kairos, a
          subsidiary, with its first CAR-T product Yi Kai Da (ejilunsai injection) in the domestic market, was the first to
          launch the innovative payment mode based on therapeutic effects domestically, exploring a new path for
          payment mode of high-value innovative drugs domestically. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Yi Kai Da (ejilunsai
          injection) benefitted over 800 patients with lymphoma, and was included in over 110 urban customized
          commercial health insurances and over 80 commercial insurances, while the number of treatment centers
          on record exceeded 180, covering more than 28 provinces and municipalities across China.

      •   Progress of global two-way license cooperation
          The Group has continued to enhance global two-way license cooperation, and actively implemented its
          internationalization strategy. In respect of license-out, during the Reporting Period, Shanghai Henlius, a
          subsidiary, had entered into a license agreement with Abbott, granting Abbott commercialization rights
          for five products independently developed by Shanghai Henlius within the agreed territories covering
          69 countries and regions in Asia, Latin America, the Caribbean, and the Middle East and North Africa,
          providing more treatment options for emerging markets. In February 2025, Shanghai Henlius had entered
          into a license agreement with Dr. Reddy’s in respect of HLX15 (recombinant anti-CD38 human monoclonal
          antibody injection), a daratumumab biosimilar developed by it independently, granting Dr. Reddy’s the
          rights to exclusively commercialize HLX15 in two dosage forms in the United States and 42 European
          countries and regions, so as to expedite the entry of the Group’s products into the European and the U.S.
          markets.

          In respect of license-in, in January 2024, Shanghai Henlius had entered into strategic cooperation and
          exclusive license agreements with Sermonix, aiming to develop, manufacture and commercialize at least
          two indications for ER+/HER2-breast cancer of lasofoxifene (HLX78 (lasofoxifene tablets)) in Chinese
          mainland, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan region. In June 2024, a supplemental agreement was reached
          on HLX78 (lasofoxifene tablets) to extend the licence territory to the whole of Asia. In August 2024, Han
          Nai Jia (neratinib maleate tablets), of which the exclusive commercialization rights in Chinese mainland,
          Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan regions have been granted to the Group, was approved for launch. This
          milestone is expected to enable sequential treatment with Han Qu You (trastuzumab injection), which will
          further reduce 5-year and 10-year postoperative recurrence risks in patients with HER2-positive early breast
          cancer. In addition, during the Reporting Period, Sisram Medical, a subsidiary, had entered into a strategic
          partnership with Prollenium, and obtained the exclusive distribution rights of the Revanesse dermal filler
          collection, which applies advanced hyaluronic acid technology, in several major markets including Germany,
          Austria, Switzerland, Australia and New Zealand.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024       21
Management Discussion and Analysis



                In respect of license cooperation, during the Reporting Period, Shanghai Henlius, a subsidiary, had reached
                strategic cooperation with SVAX to establish a new joint venture in Saudi Arabia aiming to advance the
                local registration, manufacturing, commercialization, and global registration or market launch of innovative
                drugs (products), thereby enhancing the accessibility of high-value innovative drugs (products) in the area
                of MENAT (Middle East, North Africa and Turkey). In December 2024, Shanghai Henlius had entered into
                a collaboration and licensing agreement in relation to the global co-development of E-602, a pipeline
                product of Palleon, and the related combination therapeutic solutions within the licensed field (i.e., for the
                treatment of human diseases) and the commercialization of the same in the respective licensed field, on the
                basis of their respective patents and proprietary technologies.

          •     Progress of International Quality Standard Production System
                The Group continues to advance the international quality standard certification of its production system.
                The quality control system and production capacity have been recognized by international certification
                authorities, further laying a solid foundation for the export of its preparations. During the Reporting Period,
                Carelife Pharma, a subsidiary, underwent a routine surveillance inspection by the U.S. FDA for the APIs
                clindamycin hydrochloride, clindamycin phosphate, mitoxantrone hydrochloride, granisetron hydrochloride,
                entecavir, venlafaxine hydrochloride, sorafenib tosylate and clindamycin palmitate hydrochloride, and
                received a zero-defect rating; Dongting Pharma’s tranexamic acid API underwent a GMP compliance
                inspection by the U.S. FDA and received a zero-defect rating; Fosun Wanbang’s lyophilized preparations
                production line successfully passed the EU GMP on-site inspection again, and received the GMP on-site
                inspection final report and GMP certificate issued by the Dutch Health and Youth Care Inspectorate in July
                2024; and Suzhou Erye continued to enhance the internationalization of its heparin products, obtaining a
                registration certificate from the South Korean Food and Drug Administration (KFDA) and passing an on-site
                inspection by the Malaysian National Pharmaceutical Regulatory Agency for enoxaparin sodium during the
                Reporting Period.

     3.   Matured commercialization system
          The Group continued to improve its commercialization system by optimizing the market layout and sales channels.
          As at the end of the Reporting Period, the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment had a commercialization team
          consisting of over 5,000 employees in Chinese mainland, covering hospitals, retail channels, etc. In terms of core
          departments such as hematology, lymphoma, breast, medical oncology, endocrinology, cardiology, rheumatology
          and nephrology, through the systematic market access team and special product team, the Group explored
          the innovative product market in core therapeutic areas, and covered county-level and certain prefecture-level
          markets in Chinese mainland through the broad market team. In addition, the Group expanded the sales channels
          of its pharmaceutical products by virtue of the cooperation and linkage with Sinopharm, an associated company.




22    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



        In terms of commercialization in overseas markets, as at the end of the Reporting Period, the overseas
        commercialization team of pharmaceutical manufacturing and medical devices segments has over 1,000
        employees. The pharmaceutical manufacturing segment covered markets including the U.S. and Africa. In the
        U.S. market, the Group has established the U.S. innovative drug team, and initiated the commercialization
        preparations before the launch of serplulimab injection (anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody) and the preliminary
        preparations for the license-in projects of innovative drugs. In emerging markets such as Africa, the Group has
        set up 5 regional distribution centers, and continues to improve the core digital management capabilities, user
        operation capabilities and B2B2C model service capabilities so as to provide a one-stop service of registration,
        circulation, academic promotion and post-launch safety alert and other services for customers. The medical
        devices segment has continued expanding its global marketing network. As at the end of the Reporting Period,
        Sisram Medical has expanded its global direct-sales offices to 12, with marketing network now spanning over 110
        countries and regions worldwide. The share of direct sales revenue has further increased to 87%. At the same
        time, Breas has expanded its marketing network to cover mature markets such as Europe, the U.S., China, Japan,
        India, and Australia.

        In addition, during the Reporting Period, the Group also released the clinical data for multiple pipeline candidates
        and marketed products at global industry academic conferences such as the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO),
        the Annual Meeting of the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR), the European Society for Medical
        Oncology (ESMO), the World Conference on Lung Cancer (WCLC), and the European Hematology Association (EHA),
        as well as in globally top-notch journals such as the New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM) and The Lancet,
        further enhancing the Group’s global academic impact.

        Meanwhile, the Group continued to optimize its marketing compliance management system and strengthen
        its responsible marketing. The Group adheres to the principle of making its management systems open and
        transparent. To this end, a number of regulations have been publicly announced on the website of the Company
        to clearly define the red lines of these regulations, so as to maintain a fair, clean and honest business environment
        and corporate culture. In terms of internal employee training, the Group regularly conducts special trainings such
        as “responsible marketing” for its employees. The Group also conducts targeted thematic compliance trainings
        for its relevant employees irregularly, thereby continuously enhancing its employees’ awareness of compliant
        marketing.

   4.   Digitalization and AI empowered business continued to grow
        The Group had continued to deepen its digital transformation, optimize technologies and methods, and broadly
        apply them in areas such as drug R&D, smart healthcare, and precision medicine, aiming to build a digital and
        intelligent innovative application ecosystem. The Group has engaged the PharmAID decision intelligence platform,
        which is based on modules such as information extraction, patent insight, and business forecasting to support
        intelligent decision-making in drug R&D. The data update timeliness of the tools on this platform reaches the
        T+1 standard, providing more convenient and accurate decision-making support for drug R&D, and helping to
        improve decision-making efficiency and accuracy.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024      23
Management Discussion and Analysis



          The Group continued to promote the application of artificial intelligence in drug R&D. In 2022, the Group
          established a strategic partnership with Insilico to jointly advance AI-driven drug R&D for relevant targets. As at
          the end of the Reporting Period, the first small molecule drug developed through this collaboration has entered
          the clinical trial stage. In January 2025, Shanghai Henlius, a subsidiary, had entered into a strategic partnership
          with DP Technology for AI-assisted drug development, aiming to explore R&D pathways for drugs (such as
          antibody drugs, ADC drugs) by combining artificial intelligence with physical modeling.

          Meanwhile, the Group continued to deepen the application of digital technologies across core areas such as R&D,
          production, marketing and management, with the aim to enhance operational efficiency and intelligence. In R&D,
          by introducing the PharmAID decision intelligence platform, intelligence will be enhanced in information retrieval,
          patent analysis, and sales forecasting, providing support for pipeline decision-making. In production and supply
          chain management, optimization will be made in production quality control, supply chain logistics, inventory
          management, and production planning to promote improvement of operational efficiency. In marketing, AI
          technology will be leveraged to gain insights into market trends and demands, continuously enhancing marketing
          precision and customer satisfaction.

     5.   Continued to promote lean management and improve quality and efficiency
          During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to promote lean management across various aspects, including
          quality enhancement, cost control, efficiency improvement, cyclical management and innovative R&D, with an
          aim to improve operational efficiency and profitability. In terms of innovative R&D, the Group continued to focus
          on pipelines with advantages, optimized management and resources allocation of R&D projects and prioritized
          to the promotion of key projects to realize research commercialization and continuous launch of innovative
          products. In terms of production, the Group has continuously strengthened cost management to enhance the
          competitiveness of production cost and continuously improved product yield by optimizing production processes,
          strengthening process control and strengthening staff training. In addition, the Group also continued to promote
          the international market expansion of APIs, and during the Reporting Period, the ferric carboxymaltose API-
          supported preparations were launched in the Europe.

          Meanwhile, the Group continued to divest and integrate non-strategic and non-core assets, and gathered
          resources on core businesses so as to optimize asset structure and improve asset efficiency. During the Reporting
          Period, the Group continued its asset structure optimization and acceleration of cash recovery, with total funds
          recouped reaching nearly RMB3,000 million since the beginning of 2024.




24    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



                Table 1: Brief introduction of major innovative products and core categories launched

                                                                                                                                  Whether is
                                                                                                                                  included in
                                                                                                                                 the National
                           Product name and                                                                                         Medical
                             trade name in                                                                                     Insurance Drugs
 No.   Therapeutic area    Chinese mainland                                Description of product                                  Catalogue      Photo of product

                                                    This drug was approved for launch by the NMPA in February 2019,
                                                    and is the first domestic biosimilar.
                                Han Li Kang
 1                                                  Its approved indications include: non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma, chronic               Yes
                           (rituximab injection)
                                                    lymphoblastic leukaemia, rheumatoid arthritis (RA) indication. It
                                                    is also the first rituximab approved for rheumatoid arthritis (RA)
                                                    indication in China.

                                                    This drug is the first trastuzumab biosimilar approved for launch
                                                    in China, and also the domestic monoclonal antibody biosimilar
                                                    approved by China, Europe and the United States. As at the end
                                                    of the Reporting Period, this drug has been approved for launch
                                                    in a total of more than 50 countries and regions, including China,
                                Han Qu You
 2                                                  Europe, the United States, Australia and Canada. The drug’s                     Yes
                          (trastuzumab injection)
                                                    trade name in EU: Zercepac, the trade name in the United States:
                                                    HERCESSI™, and the trade name in Canada: Adheroza.

                                                    Its approved indications include: HER2 positive early breast cancer,
                                                    metastatic breast cancer, and metastatic gastric cancer.

                                                    This drug (anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody) was approved for launch
                                                    by the NMPA in March 2022, and is the first innovative monoclonal
                                                    antibody independently developed by the Group. In February
                                                    2025, the drug was approved by the EC, making it the first anti-
                                                    PD-1 monoclonal antibody approved in the EU for the treatment of
                                                    extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC). The drug’s trade
          Anti-tumor                                name in the EU: Hetronifly.
         and immune
         modulation                                 Its approved indications include: first-line treatment of squamous
                                                    non-small cell lung cancer (sqNSCLC), extensive-stage small cell lung
                              Han Si Zhuang
 3                                                  cancer (ES-SCLC), esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) and                  No
                          (serplulimab injection)
                                                    non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (nsNSCLC).

                                                    It is the first anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody drug approved for the
                                                    first-line treatment of small cell lung cancer in the world. It has been
                                                    recommended by guidelines including CSCO Guidelines on Small
                                                    Cell Lung Cancer Treatment, CSCO Guidelines on Non-Small Cell
                                                    Lung Cancer Treatment, CSCO Guidelines on Esophageal Cancer
                                                    Treatment, CSCO Guidelines on Colorectal Cancer Treatment and
                                                    CSCO Guidelines on Clinical Application of Immune Checkpoint
                                                    Inhibitors.

                                                    This drug was approved for launch by the NMPA in December 2020,
                                                    and is the first domestic adalimumab biosimilar with GMP certified
                               Han Da Yuan          production base approved by both China and Europe.
 4                                                                                                                                  Yes
                          (adalimumab injection)
                                                    Its approved indications include: rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing
                                                    spondylitis, psoriasis, uveitis, etc.

                                                    This drug was approved for launch by the NMPA in November 2021.
                               Han Bei Tai
 5                            (bevacizumab          Its approved indications include: metastatic colorectal cancer,                 Yes
                                injection)          advanced, metastatic or recurrent non-small cell lung cancer,
                                                    recurrent glioblastoma, epithelial ovarian cancer, etc..




                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024         25
Management Discussion and Analysis



        Table 1: Brief introduction of major innovative products and core categories launched (Continued)

                                                                                                                               Whether is
                                                                                                                               included in
                                                                                                                              the National
                          Product name and                                                                                       Medical
                            trade name in                                                                                   Insurance Drugs
 No.   Therapeutic area   Chinese mainland                               Description of product                                 Catalogue     Photo of product

                                                   This drug was approved for launch by the NMPA in April
                                                   2020, and is the first oral drug approved for the treatment of
                                                   thrombocytopenia related to chronic liver diseases in the world.
                              Su Ke Xin*
 6                          (avatrombopag          Its approved indications include the selective thrombocytopenia               Yes
                            maleate tablets)       treatment of adult patients with chronic liver disease (CLDT)
                                                   undergoing diagnostic procedures or surgery and treatment of
                                                   essential chronic immune thrombocytopenia (ITP) in adult patients
                                                   with poor response from prior treatment.

                                                   This drug was approved for launch by the NMPA in August 2021,
                                                   and is the world’s first oral phosphodiesterase-4 (PDE4) inhibitor for
                                                   the treatment of plaque psoriasis.
                                Otezla*
 7                                                                                                                               Yes
                           (apremilast tablets)
                                                   Its approved indication is treatment for adult patients with moderate
                                                   to severe plaque psoriasis who are suitable for phototherapy or
                                                   systematic treatment.

                                                   This drug was approved for launch by the NMPA in August 2019,
                                                   and is the world’s first dual-channel fixed-dose combination oral
                          Akynzeo* (netupitant     compound preparation that simultaneously blocks both NK-1
                           and palonosetron        receptors and 5-HT3 receptors.
 8                                                                                                                               Yes
                             hydrochloride
                               capsules)           Its approved indication is prevention of acute and delayed nausea
                                                   and vomit arising from highly emetogenic chemotherapy in adult
                                                   patients.

                                                   This drug (new generation of long-lasting recombinant human
                                                   granulocyte colonystimulating factor product) was approved for
          Anti-tumor                               launch by the NMPA in June 2023, and is classified as class 1 new
         and immune              Pei Jin*          drug in China.
 9       modulation         (telpegfilgrastim                                                                                    Yes
                                injection)         Its approved indication is reduction of occurrence of infections
                                                   expressed in form of febrile neutropenia in patients with non-
                                                   myeloablative cancer when receiving myelosuppression anti-tumor
                                                   drug treatment which can easily cause febrile neutropenia.

                                                   The product is a polyclonal antibody inhibitor.
                              Fu Ke Shu®*
                              (anti-human          Its approved indications include the prevention of acute transplant
 10                                                                                                                              Yes
                          T-lymphocyte rabbit      rejection in patients receiving solid organ transplantation (SOT)
                           immunoglobulin)         and the treatment of acute rejections if the therapeutic effect of
                                                   corticosteroid treatment has proven to be unsatisfactory.

                                                   This product was approved for launch by the NMPA in June 2021,
                                                   and is the first CAR-T cell therapy product approved for domestic
                                                   launch.

                                                   Its approved indications include adult patients with relapsed or
                                                   refractory large B-cell lymphoma (r/r LBCL) after prior second-line or
                                                   higher systemic therapy, adults patients with large B-cell lymphoma
                                Yi Kai Da*         (r/r LBCL) refractory to first-line immunochemotherapy or relapsing
 11                                                                                                                               No
                           (ejilunsai injection)   within 12 months of first-line immunochemotherapy (conditional
                                                   approved).

                                                   As at the end of the Reporting Period, this product has been
                                                   included in over 110 urban customized commercial health insurances
                                                   and over 80 commercial insurances, while the number of treatment
                                                   centers on record exceeded 180, covering more than 28 provinces
                                                   and municipalities across China.




26     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



       Table 1: Brief introduction of major innovative products and core categories launched (Continued)

                                                                                                                                 Whether is
                                                                                                                                 included in
                                                                                                                                the National
                          Product name and                                                                                         Medical
                            trade name in                                                                                     Insurance Drugs
 No.   Therapeutic area   Chinese mainland                                 Description of product                                 Catalogue       Photo of product

                                                    This series include Atomolan (glutathione tablets) and Atomolan
                                                    (glutathione for injection), both of them are class B drug under
                                                    National Medical Insurance Drugs Catalogue and the basic medicine
                                Atomolan
                                                    for liver diseases.
 12                         (preparations for                                                                                       Yes
                           glutathione series)
                                                    In particular, Atomolan (glutathione tablets) are the first glutathione
                                                    oral preparations in China, while Atomolan (glutathione for
                                                    injection) is the first generic drug of its kind in China.

                                                    This drug (new generation of calcimimetic) was approved for launch
                               Pang Bi Fu*          by the NMPA in May 2023.
         Metabolism
                              (etelcalcetide
 13     and alimentary                                                                                                              No
                              hydrochloride         Its approved indication is treatment of secondary
           system
                                injection)          hyperparathyroidism (SHPT) of adult patients receiving hemodialysis
                                                    treatment for chronic kidney disease (CKD).

                                                    This drug (potassium ion competitive acid blocker (P-CAB)) was
                                                    approved for launch by the NMPA in February 2023 and is classified
                                Bei Wen*            as class 1 new drug in China. It is the first approved P-CAB with DU/
                              (keverprazan          RE double indications in China.
 14                                                                                                                                 Yes
                              hydrochloride
                                 tablets)           Its approved indications include duodenal ulcer (DU), reflux
                                                    esophagitis (RE), and eradication of Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) in
                                                    combination with appropriate antibiotics.

                                                    This series include Artesun and Argesun (artesunate for injection),
                                                    SPAQ-CO (sulfadoxine pyrimidine dispersible tablets + amodiaquine
                                                    dispersible tablets) and the D-ARTEPP series (dihydroartemisinin-
                                                    piperaquine phosphate tablets) etc. In particular, artesunate is the
                                                                                                                              Some of products
                                                    first class 1 new drug in China.
                                                                                                                                  launched
                           Antimalarial series
 15      Anti-infection                                                                                                          in Chinese
                           such as artesunate       As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group has a total of
                                                                                                                               mainland have
                                                    36 antimalarial drugs (including APIs and preparations) with WHO
                                                                                                                               been included
                                                    PQ. The second generation of artesunate for injection (Argesun)
                                                    was registered and approved in 25 countries. As at the end of the
                                                    Reporting Period, the Group has supplied over 400 million doses of
                                                    artesunate for injection across the world.

                                                    This series include enoxaparin sodium injection, heparin sodium
                                                    injection, low molecular weight heparin for injection and nadroparin
                                                    calcium injection etc.
                                                                                                                              Some of products
                                                    Heparin series preparations are mainly used for the prevention of
                                                                                                                                launched in
                              Heparin series        thrombosis or treatment of embolism.
 16                                                                                                                             the Chinese
                              preparations
                                                                                                                               mainland have
                                                    The Group has the full industry chain supply capability for low-
                                                                                                                               been included
                                                    grade and high-grade heparin products, low-molecular heparin raw
        Cardiovascular                              materials and preparations, and the sales network covers China,
           system                                   the United States, South America, Europe, the Middle East and
                                                    Southeast Asia.

                                                    The drug was approved for launch by the NMPA in August 2023,
                                                    and is a first-line drug for the treatment of heart failure and
                                                    hypertension in an innovative crystalline form.
                          Yi Xin Tan* (sacubitril
 17                          valsartan sodium                                                                                       Yes
                                                    Its approved indication is the treatment of essential hypertension. It
                                  tablets)
                                                    can also be used in adult patients with chronic heart failure (NYHA
                                                    class II-IV, LVEF≤40%) with reduced ejection fraction to mitigate
                                                    risks of cardiovascular death and hospitalisation for heart failure.




                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024         27
Management Discussion and Analysis



           Table 1: Brief introduction of major innovative products and core categories launched (Continued)

                                                                                                                                Whether is
                                                                                                                                included in
                                                                                                                               the National
                               Product name and                                                                                   Medical
                                 trade name in                                                                               Insurance Drugs
    No.   Therapeutic area     Chinese mainland                             Description of product                               Catalogue      Photo of product

                                                      Rabies vaccine (Vero cell) for human use and rabies vaccine (Vero
                                                      cell) for human use (freeze dried) were approved for launch by the
                               Rabies vaccine (Vero   NMPA in September 2016 and March 2024 respectively.
                                                                                                                             Rabies vaccine
                               cell) for human use,
                                                                                                                              (Vero cell) for
    18    Rabies prophylaxis   rabies vaccine (Vero   The approved indication is rabies prophylaxis.
                                                                                                                             human use has
                               cell) for human use
                                                                                                                             been included
                                   (freeze dried)     CTN-1V strain was used as its virus strain for production, whose
                                                      gene sequence is closer to that of the street strain of prevailing
                                                      rabies virus, and has better immune protection effect.

                                                      Influenza virus lysate vaccine includes adult dosage form and
                                                      paediatric dosage form. The adult dosage form was approved for
                                                      launch by the NMPA in November 2005, with a specification of 0.5ml/
                                                      vial in pre-filled form; and the paediatric dosage form was approved
                                                      for launch by the NMPA in July 2009, with a specification of 0.25ml/
                                                      vial in pre-filled form.
                                 Influenza virus
              Influenza
    19                            lysate vaccine      The approved indication is prevention of influenza caused by a               No
             prophylaxis
                                                      parent strain of virus.

                                                      The product is made from influenza A1, influenza A3 and influenza
                                                      B virus strains as recommended by the WHO and approved by the
                                                      NMPA. The product contains more active ingredient haemagglutinin
                                                      than the standard required by the Chinese Pharmacopoeia to ensure
                                                      its effectiveness.


*   Being the licensed-in innovative drug (product) of the Group.




28        Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



II.   SEGMENT PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW

      1.   Pharmaceutical manufacturing
           Performance summary
           The Group has proactively adjusted its business structure, and intensified its support and development efforts for
           innovative products. It has focused on core therapeutic areas, strengthened the integration of its business systems
           to promote flat marketing system management and constantly promote cost reduction and efficiency. During
           the Reporting Period, the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment of the Group recorded revenue of RMB28,776
           million and segment results of RMB3,304 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 54.83%, and profit of
           RMB3,250 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 64.64%.

           During the Reporting Period, while maintaining a relatively stable level of R&D intensity, the Group continued
           to optimize its innovation and R&D system, concentrated on quality pipeline assets and enhanced efficiency by
           integrating its R&D system. In 2024, the Group’s R&D investment in the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment
           amounted to RMB4,910 million, accounting for 16.98% of its revenue from pharmaceutical manufacturing
           segment. R&D expenses were RMB3,071 million, accounting for 10.62% of its revenue from pharmaceutical
           manufacturing segment. In addition to self-initiated R&D, the Group also actively implemented an open R&D
           model by leveraging industry funds and other mechanisms to incubate innovative R&D projects, so as to ensure
           the sustainability of innovation R&D.

           Revenue from major products of the Group in the major therapeutic areas during the Reporting Period is set out
           in the following table:

                                                                                                                                  Unit: million       Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                                         Year-on-year
                                                                                                                                                          increase on
           Major therapeutic area                                                                               2024                      2023         the same basis
                                                                                                                                                                  (%)


           Major products of anti-tumor and immune modulation
            (Notes 1, 6)                                                                                       8,085                     7,638                      5.84
           Major products of anti-infection (Notes 2, 6)                                                       3,126                     4,338                    –27.95
           Major products of metabolism and alimentary system (Note 6)                                         2,793                     2,814                     –0.73
           Major products of cardiovascular system (Notes 3, 6)                                                1,912                     1,677                     14.00
           Major products of central nervous system (Notes 4, 6)                                               1,099                     1,392                    –21.01
           Major products of APIs and intermediate products (Notes 5, 6)                                       1,106                     1,271                    –12.97


           Note 1: Mainly due to the combined effect of the sales growth of Pei Jin (telpegfilgrastim injection), Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection), Akynzeo (netupitant
                   and palonosetron hydrochloride capsules), Han Bei Tai (bevacizumab injection), Han Qu You (trastuzumab injection) and trastuzumab
                   drug substance, and the revenue contribution from Yi Kai Da (ejilunsai injection), as well as the sales decline of Su Ke Xin (avatrombopag
                   maleate tablets).

           Note 2: Mainly due to a significant decrease in demand for COVID-19 related products Jie Bei An (azvudine tablets) and a decline in sales of Sha
                   Duo Li Ka (potassium sodium dehydroandrographolide succinate for injection).




                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024              29
Management Discussion and Analysis



         Note 3: Mainly due to the revenue contribution mainly from the new product Yi Xin Tan (sacubitril valsartan sodium tablets) and the revenue
                 growth of the heparin series of preparations.

         Note 4: Mainly due to the sales decline of Ao De Jin (deproteinised calf blood serum injection) and Chang Tuo Ning (penehyclidine hydrochloride
                 injection).

         Note 5: Mainly due to lower sales of amino acid series.

         Note 6: Major products of anti-tumor and immune modulation comprise: Han Qu You (trastuzumab injection) and trastuzumab drug substance,
                 Han Li Kang (rituximab injection), Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection), Su Ke Xin (avatrombopag maleate tablets), Akynzeo (netupitant
                 and palonosetron hydrochloride capsules), Ke Sheng (Xihuang capsules), Pei Jin (telpegfilgrastim injection), Kai Lai Zhi (epinastine
                 hydrochloride capsules), Han Bei Tai (bevacizumab injection), Han Da Yuan (adalimumab injection), Fu Ke Shu (anti-human T-lymphocyte
                 rabbit immunoglobulin), Zhao Hui Xian (bicalutamide tablets), Otezla (apremilast tablets), Yi Kai Da (ejilunsai injection), Yi Luo Ze/Tu Mei Si
                 (pemetrexed disodium for injection), Han Nai Jia (neratinib maleate tablets), paclitaxel, oxaliplatin, ondansetron and Di Kai Mei (sorafenib
                 tosylate tablets).

                 Major products of anti-infection comprise: antimalarial series such as artesunate, Cravit (levofloxacin tablets), Pai Shu Xi Lin (piperacillin
                 sodium and tazobactam sodium for injection), anti-tuberculosis series, Cravit (levofloxacin injection), daptomycin, Xi Chang/Bi Li Shu (cefmetazole
                 sodium for injection), micafungin, caspofungin, Sha Duo Li Ka (potassium sodium dehydroandrographolide succinate for injection), Qiang
                 Shu Xi Lin/Qin Shu/Er Ye Qin (piperacillin sodium and sulbactam sodium for injection), He Pu Ding (lamivudine tablets), Sai Fu Nuo (cefminox
                 sodium for injection), Comirnaty (mRNA COVID-19 vaccine), Er Ye Bi (ceftizoxime sodium for injection), vancomycin, rabies vaccine (Vero
                 cell) for human use (freeze dried), Si Ke Ni (azithromycin capsules), rabies vaccine (Vero cell) for human use (non-freeze dried), Ka Di (flucloxacillin
                 sodium for injection) and Jie Bei An (azvudine tablets).

                 Major products of metabolism and alimentary system comprise: You Li Tong (febuxostat tablets), Atomolan (glutathione tablets), Bei Yi (potassium
                 chloride granules), animal insulin and its preparations, Ke Yi (new compound aloe capsules), Wan Su Jing (empagliflozin tablets), Li Qing (alfacalcidol
                 tablets), Atomolan (glutathione for injection), Yi Bao (recombinant human erythropoietin for injection (CHO cells)), Wan Su Ping (glimepiride
                 tablets), Bei Wen (keverprazan hydrochloride tablets), human insulin and its preparations and Pang Bi Fu (etelcalcetide injection).

                 Major products of cardiovascular system comprise: heparin series preparations, Bang Tan (telmisartan tablets), Yi Xin Tan (sacubitril
                 valsartan sodium tablets), Ya Ni An (amlodipine besilate tablets), Bang Zhi (pitavastatin calcium tablets), Ke Yuan (calcium dobesilate
                 capsules), You Di Er (alprostadil dried emulsion for injection), Xin Xian An (meglumine adenosine cyclophosphate for injection), Su Ka Xin (indapamide
                 tablets) and Propranolol Hydrochoride injection.

                 Major products of central nervous system comprise: Qi Wei (quetiapine fumarate tablets), Chang Tuo Ning (penehyclidine hydrochloride
                 injection), lorazepam tablets, Rocuronium Bromide, Qi Cheng (escitalopram oxalate tablets), Levomedetomidine and Ao De Jin (deproteinised
                 calf blood serum injection).

                 Major products of APIs and intermediate products comprise: amino acid series, tranexamic acid, clindamycin hydrochloride and levamisole
                 hydrochloride.

         *   The data of 2023 was restated according to the basis of 2024.




30   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



      In 2024, there were a total of 49 preparations or series of products in the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment
      of the Group that each recorded sales of over RMB100 million, and details are as follows:

                                                                                                       Currency: RMB


          Sales during the
          Reporting Period          Number                        Preparation varieties or series

                                               Han Qu You (trastuzumab injection),
                                               Han Li Kang (rituximab injection),
             Over 1 billion            4
                                               Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection),
                                               Heparin series preparations

                                               Antimalarial series such as artesunate,
        500 million to 1 billion       3       You Li Tong (febuxostat tablets),
                                               Su Ke Xin (avatrombopag maleate tablets)

                                               Cravit (levofloxacin tablets),
                                               Atomolan (glutathione tablets),
       300 million to 500 million      4
                                               Yi Kai Da (ejilunsai injection),
                                               Akynzeo (netupitant and palonosetron hydrochloride capsules)

                                               38 varieties including Otezla (apremilast tablets),
                                               Han Da Yuan (adalimumab injection),
                                               Han Bei Tai (bevacizumab injection),
       100 million to 300 million     38       Qi Wei (quetiapine fumarate tablets),
                                               Fu Ke Shu (anti-human T-lymphocyte rabbit immunoglobulin),
                                               Yi Xin Tan (sacubitril valsartan sodium tablets),
                                               Pei Jin (telpegfilgrastim injection)




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024     31
Management Discussion and Analysis



         Important events
         •   1 new indication for serplulimab injection (anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody) and its progress in overseas
             markets

               During the Reporting Period, Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection), the self-developed innovative anti-PD-1
               monoclonal antibody, obtained approval in Chinese mainland for the indication as a first-line treatment
               for non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (nsNSCLC). This newly approved indication marks the third
               indication authorized in the field of lung cancer for the drug, following its previous approvals for squamous
               non-small cell lung cancer (sqNSCLC) and extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC), thereby further
               expanding its coverage to broader patient populations. Additionally, as at the disclosure date of the
               2024 annual results announcement (i.e. 25 March 2025, the same below), the Marketing Authorization
               Application (MAA) for serplulimab injection (EU trade name: Hetronifly) in combination with carboplatin and
               etoposide for the first-line treatment of extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC) in adult patients
               has been approved by EC. Consequently, the drug has obtained centralized marketing authorization across
               all EU member states, as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway (collectively, European Economic Area
               countries). This approval establishes serplulimab as the first anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody authorized by
               the EU for the treatment of extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC).

               As at the disclosure date of the 2024 annual results announcement, relevant indications for Han Si
               Zhuang (serplulimab injection) have been approved in Chinese mainland, including first-line treatment in
               combination with chemotherapy for squamous non-small cell lung cancer (sqNSCLC), extensive-stage small
               cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC), esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC), and non-squamous non-small cell
               lung cancer (nsNSCLC).

               With the successive approvals of multiple indications for serplulimab injection (anti-PD-1 monoclonal
               antibody) domestically and the smooth progress of overseas clinical trials, the drug has gained extensive
               international recognition for its superior efficacy and high-quality data. Its license-out now covers Europe,
               Southeast Asia, and the Middle East and North Africa, with international commercialization advancing
               systematically. During the Reporting Period, serplulimab injection (anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody) was
               approved for marketing in Cambodia and Thailand. In January 2024, it received the Innovation Passport
               from the UK Innovative Licensing and Access Pathway Steering Group, which includes the Medicines and
               Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA). In addition, the Group continues to advance the drug’s
               commercialization in the U.S. market by establishing an U.S. innovative drug team covering medical affairs,
               market access, and sales functions as well as partnering with Syneos Health to provide commercialization
               support for the drug in the U.S..

               Centered around the “Combo+Global” (combination therapy + internationalization) differentiated
               development strategy, serplulimab injection (anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody) actively synergizes with
               other proprietary pipeline products. Multiple global clinical trials for combination therapies are currently
               underway, covering indications such as lung cancer, esophageal cancer, head and neck squamous cell
               carcinoma, colorectal cancer, and gastric cancer. In particular, a head-to-head bridging trial is progressing
               systematically in the U.S., comparing serplulimab with the first-line standard-of-care atezolizumab for
               extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC). This trial aims to further support the drug’s biologics
               license application in the U.S. market.




32   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



      •   Increased Shareholding in Fosun Kairos (a cell therapy platform) to 100%

          During the Reporting Period, Fosun Pharmaceutical Industrial, a subsidiary, increased its shareholding in
          Fosun Kairos to 100%, and continued to advance the development and commercialization cooperation of
          the existing licensed product Axi-Cel (namely, Fosun Kairos’ launched product “Yi Kai Da”) and Brexu-Cel (Fosun
          Kairos’ projects in progress FKC889) with Kite Pharma in CAR-T cell therapy area in Chinese mainland,
          Hong Kong and Macau.

          Yi Kai Da (ejilunsai injection), the first CAR-T cell therapy product of Fosun Kairos, is authorized to carry
          out the localized production in Chinese mainland following the technology transfer of Yescarta, a CAR-T
          cell therapy product, from Kite Pharma, and was approved for launch in Chinese mainland in June 2021,
          becoming the first CAR-T cell therapy product approved for launch in Chinese mainland. As at the
          disclosure date of the 2024 annual results announcement, its approved indications include (1) treatment of
          adult patients with relapsed or refractory large B-cell lymphoma (r/r LBCL) after prior second-line or higher
          systemic therapy, (2) treatment of adults patients with large B-cell lymphoma (r/r LBCL) refractory to first-
          line immunochemotherapy or relapsing within 12 months of first-line immunochemotherapy, and its third
          indication for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory inert non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma (r/r
          iNHL) containing follicular lymphoma and marginal zone lymphoma), was at the bridging clinical trial stage
          in Chinese mainland and included in the breakthrough therapy drug program.

          In January 2024, Yi Kai Da introduced an innovative payment plan based on therapeutic effects in Chinese
          mainland, exploring a new path for payment mode of high-value innovative drugs in Chinese mainland.
          As at the end of the Reporting Period, benefitting over 800 patients with lymphoma in total, Yi Kai Da
          has been included in over 110 urban customized commercial health insurances and over 80 commercial
          insurances, while the number of treatment centers on record exceeded 180, covering more than 28
          provinces and municipalities across China.

          In addition, as at the disclosure date of the 2024 annual results announcement, the first indication (relapsed
          or refractory adult precursor B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (adult r/r ALL)) and the second indication
          (for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory mantle cell lymphoma (r/r MCL) after prior
          second-line or higher systemic therapy) of Fosun Kairos’ second CAR-T cell therapy product FKC889 are at
          the bridging clinical trial stage in Chinese mainland.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024     33
Management Discussion and Analysis



            •      Progress of other pipeline products

                    During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to promote the R&D and industrialization of vaccines in
                    its pipeline. In March 2024, rabies vaccine (Vero cell) for human use (freeze dried), which is independently
                    developed by the Group, was approved for launch in Chinese mainland. In July 2024 and September 2024,
                    the clinical trial applications for the Group’s self-developed 23-valent pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine
                    and self-developed rabies vaccine (human diploid cells) for human use (freeze dried) were approved by the
                    NMPA successively. In March 2025, the clinical trial application for the Group’s self-developed 24-valent
                    pneumococcal polysaccharide conjugate vaccine was also approved in Chinese mainland.

                    At the same time, during the Reporting Period, the established medicines manufacturing & supply business
                    of the Group continued to optimize the life cycle management of established medicines on the product
                    end, focusing on the independent R&D of first generic drugs, difficult and complex preparations and
                    improvement of new drugs, grasped highly fit expansion opportunities, enriched pipelines, improved
                    the capability and efficiency of the system, and actively promoted the overseas commercialization of
                    preparations. During the Reporting Period, a total of 79 generic drugs varieties of the Group (including 432
                    domestic varieties and 36 overseas varieties) were approved for launch both domestically and internationally.
                    In particular, isepamicin sulfate injection of Beijing Jnova, a subsidiary, is the first generic drugs approved
                    for launch in Chinese mainland. In addition, a total of five drugs, including Shenyang Hongqi’s cycloserine
                    capsules, enzalutamide soft capsules, Yao Pharma’s beprost sodium tablets, risperidone orally disintegrating
                    tablets and carboplatin injection, are among the top five generic drugs in Chinese mainland. A total of four
                    drugs, including Suzhou Erye’s oxacillin sodium for injection, Guilin Pharma’s bumetanide injection and Yao
                    Pharma’s epinastine hydrochloride capsule and propranolol hydrochoride injection, are the first production
                    passing consistency evaluation among similar varieties domestically.

            R&D innovation
            The Group has established an open and globalized pharmaceutical innovation and R&D system that integrates
            independent R&D, cooperative development, licensed-in projects and industrial investment, which focuses on
            the core therapeutic areas of tumors (solid tumors, hematological tumors) and immuno-inflammatory diseases,
            with emphasis on the enhancement of the core technology platforms of antibody/ADC, cellular therapy and
            small molecules. The Group also cooperated with industry funds in the deployment of nuclear drug, RNA, gene
            therapy, AI drug R&D and other cutting-edge technologies. These efforts aims to continuously enhance our core
            R&D capabilities and pipeline value, and facilitate the R&D process of more blockbuster products in order to
            achieve commercialization.




2
     Including import drug license




34    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



           To advance the Group’s innovation strategy with excellence and enhance R&D efficiency, a Scientific Advisory Board (“SAB”)
           at the group level, mainly composed of an external think tank, has been established to assist the management of
           the Group in formulating and optimizing the medium-and-long-term innovation strategy, and to provide strategic
           guidance and insights. In terms of improving the internal innovation management structure, by introducing senior
           scientists and high-level talents, the capabilities in early-stage R&D, CMC, clinical medicine, clinical operations,
           etc. have been comprehensively enhanced. By establishing a pipeline committee composed of internal experts
           to strengthen synergies and optimize the allocation of R&D resources, the improvement of the quality and
           effectiveness of innovative R&D has been promoted. In addition, through lean R&D projects, leveraging on the
           INNOX digital management system, the process management in areas such as R&D project approval, budget
           management, decision-making mechanisms for major milestones, etc. have been continuously optimized.

           During the Reporting Period, a total of 7 innovative drugs/biosimilars independently developed by the Group or
           introduced through licensing, with a total of 16 indications3, and 79 generic drug varieties (including 43 domestic
           varieties4 and 36 overseas varieties) were approved both domestically and internationally; 4 innovative drugs/
           biosimilars, and 81 generic drug varieties (including 554 domestic varieties and 26 overseas varieties) were applied
           for launch both domestically and internationally. In addition, a total of 18 innovative drugs/biosimilars (counted
           on indications) were approved for clinical trial during the Reporting Period. During the Reporting Period, a total of
           220 patents had been applied for in the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment of the Group, including 3 U.S.
           patent applications and 18 PCT applications; and 66 licensed invention patent authorization were obtained.

           The Group’s innovation achievements under the guidance of the innovation strategy have also received attention
           and recognition from the international academic community, and its global academic influence has been
           continuously enhanced. During the Reporting Period, the Group released the clinical data for multiple pipeline
           candidates and marketed products at global industry academic conferences such as the American Society of
           Clinical Oncology (ASCO), the Annual Meeting of the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR), the
           European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO), the World Conference on Lung Cancer (WCLC), the Congress
           of the European Hematology Association (EHA), and in global top journals such as the New England Journal of
           Medicine (NEJM) and The Lancet (Lancet).

           For the updated progress of the main R&D pipelines of the Group during the Reporting Period, please refer to
           Schedule 2.




3
    Counted on the number of indications listed on the regulatory approvals received domestically and overseas
4
    Including import drug licenses




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   35
Management Discussion and Analysis



                                      Table 2 — Updates on major R&D pipelines during the Reporting Period

    Progress
   during the                                                                                                                                                             NDA              Approved
Reporting Period               Drug name/code                  Drug category     IND approved              Phase I             Phase II             Phase III           accepted           for launch             Remarks

                     Trastuzumab injection (trade name in                      (1) Adjuvant therapy for HER2-expressing breast cancer; (2) Therapy for HER2-expressing metastatic breast cancer; (3)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      —
                     Chinese mainland: Han Qu You, trade         Biological    Therapy for HER2-expressing metastatic gastric adenocarcinoma or gastroesophageal junctional adenocarcinoma (U.S.)
                    name in the United States: HERCESSI™,         product
                       trade name in Canada: Adheroza)                         (1) early breast cancer, (2) metastatic breast cancer, (3) metastatic gastric cancer (Canada)                                          —

                                                                               1 new indication added: In combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin for the first-line treatment of patients
                                                                Therapeutic
                      Serplulimab injection (trade name in                     with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation-negative and anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) gene
                                                                 biological                                                                                                                                           —
                       Chinese mainland: Han Si Zhuang)                        rearrangement-negative locally advanced or metastatic non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) that
                                                                  product
                                                                               cannot be removed through surgery
                                                                Therapeutic
                      Adalimumab injection (trade name in
                                                                 biological    4 new indications added: (1) polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis, (2) pediatric plaque psoriasis,                              —
                       Chinese mainland: Han Da Yuan)
                                                                  product
    Approved                                                     Preventive
    for launch              Rabies vaccine (Vero cell)
                                                                 biological    Rabies prophylaxis                                                                                                                     —
                          for human use (freeze dried)
                                                                  product

                                                                Therapeutic    Temporary improvement in the appearance of moderate to severeglabellar lines associated with corrugator and/or
                        Botulinum toxin type A for injection                                                                                                                                                          —
                                                                               procerus muscle activity in adults
                    (trademark in Chinese mainland: 達希斐 ®)
                                                                 biological
                                                                  product      Treatment for cervical dystonia in adults                                                                                              —
                     Avatrombopag maleate tablets (trade                       1 new indications added for the chronic immune thrombocytopenia (ITP) in adult patients with poor response from
                                                               Chemical drug                                                                                                                                          —
                     name in Chinese mainland: Su Ke Xin)                      prior treatment
                                                                               As part of a bedaquiline and linezolid combination regimen for the treatment of adult patients with tuberculosis
                       Pretomanid tablets (trade name in                       (TB) who exhibit resistant to isoniazid, rifampicin, a fluoroquinolone, and a second-line injectable antimicrobial drug,
                                                               Chemical drug                                                                                                                                          —
                          Chinese mainland: Pu Rui Ni)                         or who demonstrate resistance to isoniazid and rifampicin alongside intolerance or non-response to standardized
                                                                               treatment
                              Serplulimab injection              Biological    Combined carboplatin and etoposide for first-line treatment of adult patients with extensive-stage small
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Note 1
                         (trade name in EU: Hetronifly)           product      cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC) (EU)
   NDA review
                         Tenapanor hydrochloride tablets                       Serum phosphorus level control in adult dialysis patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) who exhibit
                    (trade name in Chinese mainland: 萬緹樂)
                                                               Chemical drug                                                                                                                                       Note 2
                                                                               inadequate or intolerant efficacy of phosphorus binding agents
                                                                               For the treatment of adult dendritic cell and histiocytic nesplasms                                                                 Note 3
                         Luvomeitinib tablets (FCN-159)        Chemical drug   For the treatment of NF1 (type 1 neurofibroma)-associated plexiform neurofibromas (PN) in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      —
                                                                               children aged 2 years and over
                                                                               (1) treatment of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women and men at high risk for fracture, (2)
                                                                               treatment for bone loss associated with hormone ablation in male patients with prostate cancer
                                                                               at high risk of fracture, (3) treatment for bone loss related to long-term systemic glucocorticoid
                                                                               therapy in adult patients at high risk of fracture, (4) prevention of skeletal-related events in adult                                 —
                     HLX14 (recombinant anti-RANKL fully         Biological    patients with advanced bone malignancies, (5) treatment for patients with post-surgery giant cell
                     human monoclonal antibody injection)         product      tumor of the bone that is unresectable or may lead to severe functional impairment, including
  NDA accepted                                                                 both adult and skeletally mature adolescent patients (Europe)
                                                                               Used for the treatment of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women at high risk of fractures and/
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      —
                                                                               or other indications consistent with the reference drug label (Canada, U.S.)
                                                                               In combination with trastuzumab and chemotherapy as adjuvant treatment of patients
                        HLX11 (recombinant anti-HER2            Therapeutic    with HER2-positive early breast cancer at high risk of recurrence; and use in combination
                       domain II humanized monoclonal            biological    with trastuzumab and docetaxel for treatment of patients with HER2-positive, metastatic or                                             —
                             antibody injection)                  product      unresectable local recurrent breast cancer who have not received prior anti-HER2 therapy or
                                                                               chemotherapy for metastatic disease
                             SBK010 oral medicine              Chemical drug   For the treatment of mild to moderate acute ischemic stroke                                                                            —
                                                                Therapeutic                                                                                                                                     In combination
                      Serplulimab injection (trade name in                     First-line treatment for metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) (Chinese
                                                                 biological                                                                                                                                   with bevacizumab
                       Chinese mainland: Han Si Zhuang)                        mainland/international multi-center, Japan/international multi-center#)
                                                                  product                                                                                                                                     and chemotherapy
                                                                                                                                                                                                             In combination with
                                   OP0595                                      Treatment of adults infected by aerobic gram-negative bacteria with limited
                                                               Chemical drug                                                                                                                               cefepime or aztreonam,
                           (Nacubactam for injection)                          options
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Note 4
  Under phase III
   clinical study                     HLX22                                    In combination with trastuzumab and chemotherapy (XELOX) versus
                      (anti-human epidermal growth factor       Therapeutic    trastuzumab and chemotherapy (XELOX) with or without pembrolizumab
                                                                                                                                                                                                             In combination with
                          receptor-2 (HER2) humanized            biological    for the first-line treatment of locally advanced or metastatic gastroesophageal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 trastuzumab
                         monoclonal antibody injection)           product      junctional adenocarcinoma and gastric cancer (GC) (Chinese mainland/
                                                                               international multi-center)
                                     HLX78#                                    For the treatment of ESR1 mutations in ER+/HER2-breast cancer (Chinese
                                                               Chemical drug                                                                                                                                       Note 5
                              (lasofoxifene tablets)                           mainland/international multi-center)
                                                                                                                                                                                                              In combination with
                                                                Therapeutic
  Under phase II                     HLX53#                                    First-line treatment of locally advanced or metastatic                                                                     Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab
                                                                 biological
   clinical study         (anti-TIGIT Fc fusion protein)                       hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC)                                                                                              injection) and Han Bei Tai
                                                                  product
                                                                                                                                                                                                            (bevacizumab injection)




36         Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



                            Table 2 — Updates on major R&D pipelines during the Reporting Period (Continued)

        Progress
       during the                                                                                                                                      NDA        Approved
    Reporting Period              Drug name/code                   Drug category     IND approved             Phase I         Phase II   Phase III   accepted     for launch         Remarks

                                                 #
                                      HLX6018                       Therapeutic
                                                                                   For the treatment of idiopathic
                            (innovative anti-GARP/TGF-β1             biological                                                                                                          —
                                                                                   pulmonary fibrosis
                                monoclonal antibody)                  product
                                                                                   For the treatment of non-cystic fibrosis
                                      XH-S004#                     Chemical drug                                                                                                         —
                                                                                   bronchiectasis
      Under phase I                    HLX42                        Therapeutic
                                                                                   For the treatment of advanced/
      clinical study   (antibody-drug conjugate targeting EGFR       biological                                                                                                          —
                                                                                   metastatic solid tumor
                       with novel DNA topoisomerase I inhibitor)      product
                                                                                   For the treatment of advanced solid
                                        XS-02#                     Chemical drug                                                                                                         —
                                                                                   tumors
                                                                                   For the treatment of advanced solid                                                          In combination with
                                      FH-2001#                     Chemical drug
                                                                                   tumors                                                                                       serplulimab injection
                                                                                   For the treatment
                           HLX43 (antibody-drug conjugate           Therapeutic
                                                                                   of advanced/
                           targeting PD-L1 with novel DNA            biological                                                                                                          —
                                                                                   metastatic solid
                              topoisomerase I inhibitor)              product
                                                                                   tumors
                                                                                   For the treatment
                                                                                   of systemic light
                                                                                   chain amyloidosis
                                                                                   For the treatment
                                       FCN-338                     Chemical drug   of chronic
                                                                                   lymphoblastic                                                                                In combination with
                                                                                   leukaemia/small                                                                                   FCN-647
                                                                                   lymphocytic
                                                                                   lymphoma
                                                                                   For the treatment
                                                                    Therapeutic    of relapsed or
                                       GCK–01                        biological    chemotherapy-                                                                                         —
                                                                      product      resistant follicular
                                                                                   lymphoma
                                                                                   First-line treatment
                                                                                   of HER2-positive                                                                             In combination with
                                                                                   advanced gastric                                                                               trastuzumab and
                                        HLX22                                      cancer (GC) (U.S.,                                                                               chemotherapy
      IND approved                                                                 Japan)
                            (anti-human epidermal growth             Biological
                         factor receptor-2) (HER2) humanized          product                                                                                                    In combination with
                            monoclonal antibody injection)                         For the treatment                                                                               trastuzumab and/
                                                                                   of HER2-expressing                                                                            or chemotherapy, or
                                                                                   solid tumors                                                                                  in combination with
                                                                                                                                                                               trastuzumab deruxtecan
                                                                     Preventive    Prevention of
                               23-valent pneumococcal
                                                                     biological    pneumococcal                                                                                       Note 6
                                polysaccharide vaccine
                                                                      product      diseases
                                                                     Preventive
                         Rabies vaccine (human diploid cells)
                                                                     biological    Rabies prophylaxis                                                                                 Note 7
                            for human use (freeze dried)
                                                                      product
                                                                                   For the treatment
                                        XS-04                      Chemical drug   of hematological                                                                                      —
                                                                                   malignancies
                                                                                   For the treatment
                                                                                   of melanoma, non-
                                                                    Therapeutic    small cell lung
                       HLX17 (recombinant anti-PD-1 humanised
                                                                     biological    cancer, esophageal                                                                                    —
                           monoclonal antibody injection)
                                                                      product      cancer, head and
                                                                                   neck squamous cell
                                                                                   carcinoma


#
            Innovative drugs approved for clinical trial and had commenced respective clinical study during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024                37
Management Discussion and Analysis



Note 1: In February 2025, the marketing authorization application (MAA) for serplulimab injection (anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody) for this indication was
        approved by the EC.

Note 2: In February 2025, the NDA for 萬緹樂 (Tenapanor hydrochloride tablets) for this indication was approved by the NMPA.

Note 3: The two indications have been included in the priority review.

Note 4: During the Reporting Period, two of the Phase III clinical studies for the combination dosing of OP0595, and cefepime or aztreonam for the treatment
        of adults infected by aerobic gram-negative bacteria with limited treatment options, were commenced in Chinese mainland.

Note 5: In May 2024, HLX78 was approved by the NMPA to carry out the Phase I clinical trial for healthy subjects and the Phase III of international multi-
        center clinical trial in Chinese mainland (such new drug is used in combination with abemaciclib for the treatment of pre/postmenopausal women and
        men with locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer with disease progression, harboring estrogen receptor 1 (ESR1) mutations, estrogen receptor
        positive (ER+), human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (HER2-) during receiving treatment of aromatase inhibitors (AI) in combination with
        cyclindependent kinases (CDK 4/6) inhibitors).

Note 6: In July 2024, the application for Phase I and Phase III clinical trials of the 23-valent pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine was approved by the NMPA.

Note 7: In September 2024, the application for Phase I and Phase III clinical trials of the Group’s rabies vaccine (human diploid cells) for human use (freeze dried)
        was approved by the NMPA.


As at the end of the Reporting Period, there were over 80 major pipeline projects of the Group on innovative drugs and
biosimilars (calculated by indications); for details on major pipeline drug projects of the Group, please refer to Table 3 to Table 7.




38       Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



                           Table 3 — Small molecular innovative drugs under independent development

                                                                                                                 R&D progress in      R&D progress in
                                                                                                                Chinese mainland      other countries
               Therapeutic                                                                                     as at the end of the as at the end of the
    No.           area           Drug name/code                               Indications                       Reporting Period     Reporting Period

      1                                                    Hematological malignancies                         Phase I clinical trial     Phase I clinical trial
      2                                                    Relapsed or refractory B-celllymphoma              Phase I clinical trial     (U.S.)
                               FCN-338
                                                           Treatment of myeloid malignancies
      3                                                    in combination with azacitidine or                 Phase II clinical trial    —
                                                           chemotherapy
      4                                                    Neurofibromatosis type 1 (children)                NDA
      5                                                    Neurofibromatosis type 1 (adult)                   Phase III clinical trial   —
                               Luvometinib tablets         Dendritic cell and histiocyte neoplasms in
      6                                                                                                       NDA                        —
                               (FCN-159)                   adults
      7                                                    Low-grade gliomas                                  Phase II clinical trial    —
      8                                                    Langerhans cell histiocytosis in children          Phase II clinical trial    —
                                                                                                                                         Approved for clinical
      9                        Dimethyl malonate      Non-small cell lung cancer (ROS1+)                      Phase II clinical trial
                                                                                                                                         trial (U.S.)
               Anti-tumor      furmonertinib capsules
                               (SAF-189)                                                                      Phase III clinical trial
     10                                               Non-small cell lung cancer (ALK+)                       Note 1


                                                                                                              Phase III clinical trial
     11                        Citric acid vovonsertib     Breast cancer 1L                                   Note 2                     —
                               gel (FCN-437c)
     12                                                    Breast cancer 2L                                   NDA
     13                        YP01001                     Advanced solid tumor                               Phase I clinical trial     —
     14                        FH-2001                     Advanced malignant solid tumor                     Phase Ib/II clinical trial —
                               FH-2001+
     15                                                    Advanced solid tumor                               Phase I clinical trial     —
                               Serplulimab injection
     16                        XS-03                       RAS-mutated advanced solid tumor                   Phase I clinical trial     —
                                                                                                              Approved for clinical
     17                        XS-04                       Hematological malignancies                                                    —
                                                                                                              trial
     18                        XS-02                       Advanced solid tumor                               Phase I clinical trial     —
     19                        ET-26                       Anesthesia                                         Phase III clinical trial   —
                               Luvometinib tablets
     20                                                    Arteriovenous malformations                        Phase II clinical trial    —
                               (FCN-159)
                                                           IgA nephropathy and other glomerular
                                                                                                              Phase I clinical trial     Phase I clinical trial
     21           Others       XH-S003                     diseases with abnormal complement                  Note 3
                                                                                                                                         (Australia)
                                                           activation
     22                        XH-S004                     Non-cystic fibrous bronchial dilation              Phase I clinical trial     —
                                                                                                              Approved for clinical
     23                        FCN-338                     Systemic light chain Amyloidose                                               —
                                                                                                              trial

Note 1: In March 2025, the NDA for Dimethyl malonate furmonertinib capsules (project code: SAF-189) was accepted by the NMPA. The indication applied is
        for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who are positive for anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK).

Note 2: In January 2025, the NDA for Citric acid vovonsertib capsules (Project Code: FCN-437c) was accepted by the NMPA. The indication applied is for locally
        advanced or metastatic breast cancer in hormone receptor (HR) positive and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) negative patients, to
        be used in combination with aromatase inhibitors as initial endocrine therapy for premenopausal, postmenopausal, and perimenopausal women with
        breast cancer.

Note 3: In January 2025, a Phase II clinical trial of XH-S003 capsule for the treatment of IgA nephropathy and other glomerular diseases with abnormal
        complement activation was initiated in Chinese mainland.




                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024           39
Management Discussion and Analysis



                         Table 4 — Biopharmaceutical innovative drugs under independent development

                                                                                                                        R&D progress in Chinese     R&D progress in other
           Therapeutic                                                                                                  mainland as at the end of countries as at the end of
   No.        area                     Drug name/code                                  Indications                       the Reporting Period       the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                                                          Phase III clinical trial
    1                                                                 Squamous non-small cell lung cancer (sqNSCLC) Launched
                                                                                                                                                          (international multi-center)
                                                                                                                                                          Marketing authorization
    2                     Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection) +     Extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC) Launched                           application (EU)Note 1
                          chemotherapy                                                                                                                    Bridging trial (U.S.)
                                                                      Non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer
    3                                                                                                                   Approved for launch               —
                                                                      (nsNSCLC)
    4                                                                 Neo-/adjuvant treatment of gastric cancer (GC) Phase III clinical trial             —
                          Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection) +
    5                                                                 Limited-stage small cell lung cancer (LS-SCLC)    Phase III clinical trial (international multi-center)
                          chemotherapy + radiotherapy
                          Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection) +
    6                                                                 Metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC)               Phase III clinical trial (international multi-center)
                          bevacizumab + chemotherapy
                          Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection) +     Recurrent or metastatic head and neck
    7                                                                                                                   Phase II clinical trial           —
                          HLX07 (recombinant anti-EGFR humanized      squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC)
    8                     monoclonal antibody injection)              Squamous non-small cell lung cancer (sqNSCLC) Phase II clinical trial               —
                                                                                                                                                          Approved for clinical trial
    9                                                                 Solid tumor                                       Phase Ib/II clinical trial
                          HLX07 (recombinant anti-EGFR humanized                                                                                          (U.S.)
                          monoclonal antibody injection)              Locally advanced or metastatic cutaneous                                            Approved for clinical trial
    10                                                                                                                  Phase II clinical trial
            Anti-tumor                                                squamous cell carcinoma (CSCC)                                                      (U.S.)
                          HLX26 (recombinant anti-LAG-3
                          humanized monoclonal antibody injection)
    11                                                                Advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC)       Phase II clinical trial           —
                          + Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection) +
                          chemotherapy
    12                    HLX53 (anti-TIGIT Fc fusion protein)        Solid tumor and lymphoma                          Phase I clinical trial            —
                          HLX53 (anti-TIGIT Fc fusion protein) +
                                                                      First-line treatment of locally advanced or
    13                    Han Si Zhuang (serplulimab injection) +                                                       Phase II clinical trial           —
                                                                      metastatic hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC)
                          Han Bei Tai (bevacizumab injection)
                          HLX42 (antibody-drug conjugate targeting
                                                                                                                                                          Approved for clinical trial
    14                    EGFR with novel DNA topoisomerase I         Advanced/metastatic solid tumor                   Phase I clinical trial
                                                                                                                                                          (U.S.)
                          inhibitor)
                          HLX43 (antibody-drug conjugate targeting
                                                                                                                                                          Approved for clinical trial
    15                    PD-L1 with novel DNA topoisomerase I        Advanced/metastatic solid tumor                   Phase I clinical trialNote 2
                                                                                                                                                          (U.S.)
                          inhibitor)
                                                                      Advanced head and neck squamous cell
                                                                                                                                                          Approved for clinical trial
    16                    VT-101                                      carcinoma, melanoma, breast cancer and            Approved for clinical trial
                                                                                                                                                          (U.S.)
                                                                      other solid tumors
                                                                      Relapsed or chemotherapy-resistant follicular
    17                    GCK-01                                                                                        Approved for clinical trial       —
                                                                      lymphoma
                          HLX04-O (recombinant anti-VEGF                                                                                                  Phase III clinical trial
    18                                                                Wet age-related macular degeneration (wAMD) Phase III clinical trial
                          humanized monoclonal antibody injection)                                                                                        (international multi-center)
              Others
                          HLX6018 (innovative anti-GARP/
    19                                                                Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis                     Phase I clinical trial            —
                          TGF-β1 monoclonal antibody)


Note 1: In February 2025, the marketing authorization application (MAA) for Serplulimab Injection (an anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody, EU trade name:
        Hetronifly) in combination with carboplatin and etoposide for the first-line treatment of adult patients with extensive-stage small cell lung cancer (ES-SCLC)
        was approved by EC.

Note 2: In January 2025, a Phase II clinical trial of HLX43 for the treatment of recurrent/metastatic esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) was initiated in
        Chinese mainland.




40       Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



                                                      Table 5 — Licensed-in innovative drugs

                                                                                                                                      R&D progress in major licensed
           Therapeutic                                                                                                                  territory as at the end of
  No.         area                        Drug name/code                                        Indications                               the Reporting Period


                             FS-1502 (recombinant HER2 humanized           HER2-positive locally advanced or metastatic breast
   1                                                                                                                               Chinese mainland: Phase III clinical trial
                             monoclonal antibody-monomethyl                cancer
   2                         auristatin F conjugate for injection)         HER2-expressing advanced malignant solid tumors         Chinese mainland: Phase II clinical trial
                             FS-1502 (recombinant HER2 humanized
                             monoclonal antibody-monomethyl
   3                         auristatin F conjugate for injection) in      HER2-expressing advanced gastric cancer                 Chinese mainland: Phase II clinical trial
                             combination with serplulimab and/or
                             chemotherapy
                                                                                                                                   Chinese mainland: Phase III clinical trial
   4                         HLX78 (lasofoxifene tables)                   Breast cancer
                                                                                                                                   (international multi-center)
                                                                           Solid tumor (metastatic colorectal cancer, non-small
   5                         HLX208 (BRAF V600E inhibitor)                                                                         Chinese mainland: Phase II clinical trial
                                                                           cell lung cancer, etc.), LCH and ECD
                             HLX208 (BRAF V600E inhibitor) +               BRAF V600E or BRAF V600 mutation-positive
   6                                                                                                                               Chinese mainland: Phase II clinical trial
                             serplulimab injection                         advanced solid tumor (non-small cell lung cancer)
            Anti-tumor                                                     HER2-positive locally advanced or metastatic            Chinese mainland: Phase III clinical trial
   7                         HLX22 (anti-human epidermal factor
                             receptor-2 (HER2) humanized monoclonal        gastroesophageal junction and gastric cancer (GC)       (international multi-center)
                             antibody injection) + standardized            First-line treatment of HER2- positive advanced         U.S.: Approved for clinical trial
   8                         treatment (trastuzumab + chemotherapy)        gastric cancer (GC)                                     Japan: Approved for clinical trial
                             HLX22 (anti-human epidermal growth
                             factor receptor-2 (HER2) humanized
                                                                                                                                   Chinese mainland: Approved for clinical
   9                         monoclonal antibody injection) +              HER2-expressing solid tumors
                                                                                                                                   trial
                             standardized treatment (trastuzumab +
                             chemotherapy)/deruxtecan
                             HLX22 (anti-human epidermal growth
                             factor receptor-2 (HER2) humanized
                                                                                                                                   Chinese mainland: Approved for clinical
   10                        monoclonal antibody injection) +              HER2-positive advanced gastric cancer (GC)
                                                                                                                                   trial
                             serplulimab injection + standardized
                             treatment (trastuzumab + chemotherapy)
                             SVN53–67/M57-KLH peptide vaccine                                                                      Chinese mainland: Approved for clinical
   11                                                                      Primary diagnosis of glioblastoma
                             (SurVaxM)                                                                                             trial
                                                                           Extensively drug-resistant (XDR) or multidrug-resistant
                                                                                                                                   Chinese mainland: Approved for launch
   12                        Pu Rui Ni (Pretomanid tablets)                tuberculosis (MDR-TB) with treatment intolerance/
                                                                                                                                   Hong Kong: Launched
           Anti-infection                                                  low efficacy of treatment
                             OP0595 (Nacubactam)                           Treatment of adults infected by aerobic
   13                                                                                                                              Chinese mainland: Phase III clinical trial
                             + cefepime or aztreonam                       gram-negative bacteria with limited options
   14     Central nervous    Opicapone capsules                            Parkinson syndrome                                      Chinese mainland: NDA
   15         system         SBK010                                        Light to moderate acute ischemic stroke                 Chinese mainland: NDA
   16                        Su Ke Xin (Avatrombopag maleate tablets)      Chronic immune thrombocytopenia (ITP)                   Chinese mainland: Approved for launch
                                                                           Controlling serum phosphorus levels in adult dialysis
                             萬緹樂 (Tenapanor hydrochloride tablets)
                                                                           patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) who
   17                                                                                                                              Chinese mainland: NDANote
           Blood system                                                    have insufficient response to or are intolerant of
                                                                           phosphate binders
                             Fu Ke Shu® (anti-human T-lymphocyte           Prevent graft-versus-host disease (GvHD) after the      Chinese mainland: Approved for clinical
   18
                             rabbit immunoglobulin)                        hematopoietic stem cell transplantation                 trial
   19                        達希斐 ® ( botulinum toxin type A                Moderate to severe glabellar lines in adults (GL)       Chinese mainland: Approved for launch
   20         Others         for injection)                                Cervical dystonia in adults (CD)                        Chinese mainland: Approved for launch
   21                        Fortacin spray (lidocaine prilocaine spray)   Premature ejaculation                                   Chinese mainland: Phase III clinical trial


Note:   In February 2025, the NDA for 萬緹樂 (Tenapanor hydrochloride tablets) was approved by the NMPA, with the approved indication for controlling
        serum phosphorus levels in adult dialysis patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) who have insufficient response to or are intolerant of phosphate
        binders.




                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024                 41
Management Discussion and Analysis



                                    Table 6 — Biosimilars under independent development


                                                                                                                    R&D progress in Chinese
         Therapeutic                                                                                                mainland as at the end of
 No.        area                   Drug name/code                              Indications                           the Reporting Period

                         HLX11 (recombinant anti-HER2
 1                       domain II humanized monoclonal      Neoadjuvant treatment of BC                        NDA
                         antibody injection)

                         HLX05 (recombinant anti-EGFR        Metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) and
 2                       human/murine chimeric monoclonal    metastatic head and neck squamous cell             Phase I clinical trial
                         antibody injection)                 carcinoma (HNSCC)

                                                             Melanoma, renal cell carcinoma, colorectal
                         HLX13 (recombinant anti-CTLA-4      cancer, hepatocellular carcinoma, non-small cell
 3                                                                                                            Phase I clinical trial
          Anti-tumor       fully human monoclonal antibody   lung cancer, malignant pleural mesothelioma
                           injection)                        and esophageal squamous cell carcinoma

 4                                                           Liver cancer                                       Approved for clinical trial

                         HLX15 (recombinant anti-CD38
 5                       fully human monoclonal antibody     Multiple myeloma (MM)                              Phase I clinical trial
                         injection)

                         HLX17 (recombinant anti-PD-1        Melanoma, non-small cell lung cancer,
 6                       humanized monoclonal antibody       esophageal cancer, head and neck squamous          Approved for clinical trial
                         injection)                          cell carcinoma, etc.

                         Mixed protamine zinc recombinant
 7                                                           Diabetes                                           Approved for launch
                         insulin lispro injection (50R)

                         Mixed protamine zinc recombinant
 8                                                           Diabetes                                           NDA
        Metabolism and insulin lispro injection (25R)
       alimentary system
 9                       Semaglutide injection               Diabetes                                           Phase III clinical trial

 10                      Liraglutide injection               Diabetes                                           Phase III clinical trial

 11                      Insulin degludec injection          Diabetes                                           Phase III clinical trial

                         HLX14 (recombinant anti-RANKL
                                                                                                                Applied for launch (Europe,
 12         Others       fully human monoclonal antibody     Osteoporosis (OP), etc.
                                                                                                                Canada, U.S.)
                         injection)




42     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



                                                           Table 7 — Pipeline vaccines


                                                                                                                             R&D Progress in Chinese
           Therapeutic                                                                                                       mainland as at the end of
  No.         Area                    Drug Name/Code                                    Indication                            the Reporting Period

                             Rabies Vaccine (Vero Cells) for human
   1                                                               Rabies prophylaxis                                    Approved for launch
                             use (freeze-dried)

                             13-valent pneumococcal conjugate
   2                                                                  Prevention of pneumococcal related diseases        Phase III clinical trial
                             vaccine (multivalent combinations)

                             Rabies Vaccine (Human Diploid Cells)
   3       Anti-infection                                             Rabies prophylaxis                                 Approved for clinical trial
                             for human use (freeze-dried)

   4                         23-valent Pneumococcal
                                                                      Prevention of related pneumococcal diseases        Approved for clinical trial
                             Polysaccharide Vaccine

   5                         24-valent Pneumococcal
                                                                      Prevention of related pneumococcal diseases       Note
                             Polysaccharide Conjugate Vaccine

Note:   In March 2025, the clinical trial application for the 24-valent Pneumococcal Polysaccharide Conjugate Vaccine was approved by the NMPA. It is intended
        to be used for the prevention of infectious diseases caused by pneumococcal serotypes 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6A, 6B, 7F, 8, 9N, 9V, 10A, 11A, 12F, 14, 15B,
        17F, 18C, 19A, 19F, 20, 22F, 23F and 33F.


As at the end of the Reporting Period, a total of 42 products of the Group that had passed or deemed to have passed the
consistency evaluation of generic drugs were selected in ten batches of national centralized procurement in bulk and the
insulin specialty successive procurement bidding. In particular, for the details of the results of the insulin specialty successive
procurement (implemented since May 2024), and the tenth batch of centralized procurement (to be implemented since
April 2025), both of which were conducted during the Reporting Period, please refer to Table 8 — Products won tenders
for centralized procurement during the Reporting Period. For the existing products included in centralized procurement, the
Group leveraged the advantages of multi-channel marketing and lean production to strengthen the life cycle management of
centralized procurement products while sacrificing price for volume, and actively promoted incremental products to quickly
enter the market through centralized procurement and effectively smoothen the impact of centralized procurement to
existing products.




                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024          43
Management Discussion and Analysis



                Table 8 — Products won tenders for centralized procurement during the Reporting Period
        (Specification, packaging and centralized procurement price of the drugs listed in the announced selection result)

                                                                                                                                                                          Centralized
                                                                                                                                                                         Procurement
             Round                                                                                                                           Specification      Charge       Price
  No.       selected     Name of drugs                                               Indications                                            and Packaging        unit       (RMB)

             Insulin     Insulin lispro                                                                                                     3ml:300 unit
   1                                         Diabetes                                                                                                            Vial       35.35
            speciatly    injection                                                                                                          (refill) *1 vial
           successive
          procurement    Insulin glargine                                                                                                   3ml:300 unit
   2                                         Diabetes                                                                                                            Vial       65.33
               Note
                         injection                                                                                                          (refill) *1 vial

                                             Unstable angina pectoris (part of standard treatment); acute myocardial infarction
                                             (part of standard treatment); prevention of the recurrence of myocardial infarction;
                                                                                                                                            100mg*14
                         Aspirin Enteric-    after arterial vascular surgery or interventional surgery, such as aorto-coronary arterial
   3                                                                                                                                        tablets/plate × 4    Box         2.61
                         coated Tablets      saphenous vein bypass grafting, percutaneous coronary transluminal angioplasty;
                                                                                                                                            plates/box
                                             prevention of transient ischemic attack (TIA) and prevention of cerebral infarction
                                             after early symptoms have appeared.
                                                                                                                                            Each bag
                         Potassium           For the treatment and prevention of hypokalemia with or without metabolic alkalosis            contains
   4                     Chloride            in patients who do not respond well to dietary management through potassium-rich               potassium            Box         1.30
                         Granules            foods or diuretic dose reduction.                                                              chloride 1.0g*6
                                                                                                                                            bags/box
                                             For the treatment of infections caused by susceptible bacteria, including: sepsis,
                                             meningitis, respiratory infections (pneumonia, bronchitis, bronchiectasis, lung
                         Latamoxef           abscess, empyema, etc.), digestive system infections (cholangitis, cholecystitis, etc.),
                                                                                                                                            0.5g*1 bottle/
   5                     Sodium for          intraperitoneal infections (liver abscess, peritonitis, etc.), urinary and reproductive                            Bottle       8.00
                                                                                                                                            bottle
                         Injection           infections (pyelonephritis, cystitis, urethritis, gonorrhea, epididymitis, intrauterine
                                             infection, uterine adnexitis, pelvic inflammatory, etc.), skin and soft tissue infections,
                                             bone and joint infections, and wound infections.
                                             For the treatment of infections caused by susceptible bacteria. Typical indications
                                             include: sinusitis, otitis media, epiglottitis, bacterial pneumonia and other upper
                                             and lower respiratory tract infections; urinary tract infections and pyelonephritis;
                                             intra-abdominal infections such as peritonitis, cholecystitis, endometritis, pelvic
                         Ampicillin
                                             cellulitis; bacterial septicemia of infections of the skin, soft tissues, bones, and joints;
                         Sodium and
                                             gonococcal infections.                                                                         0.75g*1 bottle/
   6      Tenth batch    Sulbactam                                                                                                                              Bottle       1.45
                                                                                                                                            bottle
                         Sodium for
                                             During the perioperative period, this medication may also be administered via
                         Injection
                                             injection to reduce the incidence of wound infections in patients following abdominal
                                             and pelvic surgeries, as wound infections may lead to peritoneal infections. In cases of
                                             pregnancy termination or cesarean section, Ampicillin Sodium and Sulbactam Sodium
                                             for Injection can be used prophylactically to reduce the risk of postoperative sepsis.
                                             For the treatment of infections of septicemia caused by susceptible
                                             Enterobacteriaceae, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Acinetobacter species; upper
                         Piperacillin
                                             urinary tract and complicated urinary tract infections; respiratory tract infections;
   7                     Sodium for                                                                                                         1g*1 bottle/box     Bottle       1.23
                                             biliary tract infections; intra-abdominal infections; pelvic infections; skin and soft
                         Injection
                                             tissue infections. Piperacillin, in combination with aminoglycosides, is also indicated
                                             for infections in immunocompromised patients with neutropenia.
                         Ampicillin          For the treatment of infections caused by susceptible bacteria, including: respiratory
   8                     Sodium for          tract infections; gastrointestinal infections; urinary tract infections; soft tissue           1g*1 bottle/box     Bottle       1.41
                         Injection           infections; endocarditis; meningitis; septicemia etc.
                         Penicillin Sodium   For the treatment of each infection caused by susceptible bacteria, such as abscesses,         800,000 units*1
   9                                                                                                                                                            Bottle       0.56
                         for Injection       bacteremia, pneumonia, and endocarditis.                                                       bottle/bottle
                                             Monotherapy: This product, in conjunction with dietary management and exercise, is
                                             indicated to improve glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
                         Sitagliptin
                                                                                                                                            100mg*30
   10                    Phosphate           Combination therapy with metformin: When glycemic control is inadequate with                                       Bottle       5.59
                                                                                                                                            tablets/bottle
                         Tablets             metformin hydrochloride monotherapy, this product may be used in combination
                                             with metformin hydrochloride to improve glycemic control in patients with type 2
                                             diabetes mellitus, in conjunction with diet and exercise.


Note:    The Group’s products selected in the sixth batch of national centralized procurement, Human Insulin Injection and Protamine Human Mixed Insulin Injection (30R),
         were also elected into the 2024 national centralized procurement (insulin specialty successive procurement).




44       Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



      Integrated production and streamlined operation
      In order to further improve the competitiveness of the production system of pharmaceutical manufacturing
      business, improve operational efficiency and implement the internationalization strategy, the Group continued to
      streamline and discover its internal competitive production capacity, deepened the integration of the production
      side, realized the rapid transformation of products through the construction of API and preparation bases and
      engineering technology centers, and developed internationally competitive star production lines and production
      bases.

      The Group continued to consolidate production lines on the production side, built regional production centers,
      gathered production capacity and achieved the integration of APIs and preparations, so as to further improve
      production and operation efficiency and expand production cost advantages. During the Reporting Period, the
      Group built regional production centers in Xuzhou and Chongqing, continuously advanced the construction and
      operation of Xingnuo Pharma API Base, Dongting Pharma API Base and Yao Pharma Changshou API Base, and
      vertically integrated the APIs and preparation industry chains, realizing intensive mass production capacity. At the
      same time, the Group also actively deployed production lines for complex preparations and special preparations,
      and the production lines for BFS, spray drying and OEB4/5 have entered into the construction and/or production
      phases. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the validation and trial production stage of the tranexamic acid
      production line and Gentamicin B fermentation and purification workshop production line in Dongting Pharma
      API Base had commenced. The product process validation in Yao Pharma Changshou API Base for clindamycin
      hydrochloride had been conducted. Several products involved in some production lines of Xingnuo Pharma
      API Base had passed the on-site inspections on drug production license, GMP and registration verification
      and commenced commercial production. In particular, the OEB4 high-activity production line completed trial
      production. Xuzhou Industrial Park Preparation Base had completed the construction of BFS production line and
      new OEB4 oral solid preparation production line, the transfer of relevant products had commenced. New products
      would be successively introduced with increased production capacity in the subsequent stage. In addition, the
      Group continued with the construction of the Cote d’Ivoire park project, aiming to realize localization in drug
      manufacturing and supply in Africa.

      At the same time, the Group continued to promote the building of production system with international quality
      standard, thus laying a solid foundation for the overseas distribution of preparations. The Group through
      different means including gap analysis, special training, reform and upgrade, etc., continued to improve quality
      systems based on domestic and international requirements, and enhanced the GMP knowledge, quality risk
      awareness and quality management capabilities of all employees. As at the end of the Reporting Period, all
      commercial production lines of the domestic subsidiaries under the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment of
      the Group obtained domestic GMP certifications, and 10 production lines had passed GMP certification in major
      regulatory markets such as the U.S. and the EU. During the Reporting Period, the domestic subsidiaries under the
      pharmaceutical manufacturing segment received over 120 official inspections as well as official sample tests on
      over 670 batches, all of which were passed smoothly.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024     45
Management Discussion and Analysis



     2.   Medical Devices and Medical Diagnosis
          During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded revenue of RMB4,320 million from the medical devices and
          medical diagnosis segment, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.50%, which was mainly due to the
          decrease in the revenue from COVID-19 related products. During the Reporting Period, the medical devices and
          medical diagnosis segment realized segment results of RMB–112 million, representing a year-on-year decrease
          in loss of RMB14 million; and segment profit amounted to RMB–52 million, representing a year-on-year increase
          in loss of RMB19 million. It is mainly due to, during the Reporting Period, (1) the pricing of the medical diagnosis
          segment is under pressure and the sales results were under expectations as affected by the volume-based
          procurement of diagnostic reagents; (2) the year-on-year decrease of investment income from joint ventures/
          associated companies.

          Medical Devices
          The Group’s medical devices business has formed three major business divisions focusing on medical cosmetology,
          respiratory health and professional medical products.

          In the field of medical cosmetology, Sisram Medical, a subsidiary focused on cultivating the dual engines of “energy
          source equipment + dermal filler” to drive business concentration and acceleration. In terms of energy source
          equipment, during the Reporting Period, Sisram Medical launched a number of new products, including Alma
          Harmony ™, a new generation of multi-functional flagship device with photorejuvenation as its main function,
          and Soprano Titanium™ Special Edition, a laser hair removal device. Paired with the professional diagnosis and
          treatment methods of Alma IQ ™ , these products have further enhanced the experience of patients. In terms of
          dermal filler, in January 2024, Sisram Medical established a strategic partnership with Prollenium, and obtained
          the exclusive distribution rights of the Revanesse® dermal filler collection, which applies advanced hyaluronic
          acid technology, in several major markets including Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Australia and New Zealand.
          Profhilo, a new generation of sodium hyaluronate complex (i.e. sodium hyaluronate solution for injection, trade
          name in Chinese mainland: Pu Fei Luo), with Sisram Medical being as its agency, was officially launched in Hainan
          as a licensed medical device in April 2024, and was officially launched in the newly developed direct sales market
          in Thailand. The licensed product, Botulinum toxin type A for injection (trademark in Chinese mainland: 達希斐 ®),
          for temporary improvement in the appearance of moderate to severe glabellar lines associated with corrugator
          and/or procerus muscle activity in adults was approved by the NMPA in September 2024. Its commercialization
          preparations are steadily advanced. During the Reporting Period, the revenue of Sisram Medical amounted to
          US$349 million and net profit amounted to US$29 million (based on the financial statements of Sisram Medical in
          its reporting currency).

          In the field of respiratory health products, during the Reporting Period, Breas reported a steady increase in
          revenue, net profit, and operating cash flow, with the revenue generated from the U.S., Canada and other
          markets experiencing a significant increase compared with 2023. The product R&D and market access processes
          have been continuously advancing. During the Reporting Period, two domestic non-invasive ventilators were
          approved for marketing in Chinese mainland, and several ventilators were approved for launch by the U.S. FDA.
          The R&D project of the new generation of ventilators has also been steadily promoted.




46    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



      In the field of professional medical products, the Group accelerated concentration and integration, and focused
      on building the systematic capabilities in R&D, production, products and marketing through “licensed-in and
      incubation” and the “Intelligent Manufacture in China”. During the Reporting Period, 58 units of “Da Vinci
      Surgical Robot” of Intuitive Fosun, the Company’s associated companies, were being installed in total in Chinese
      mainland and Macau. The Intuitive Fosun headquarter industrial base was completed and put into use in the
      Zhangjiang International Medical Park in Shanghai in June 2024. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the “Da
      Vinci Surgical Robot” has been installed in over 300 hospitals, with a cumulative installation volume exceeding
      460 units, serving more than 670,000 patients across Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and Macau. During the
      Reporting Period, the Da Vinci SP endoscopic single orifice surgical system developed by Intuitive Fosun has been
      included in the NMPA’s special review for innovative medical devices, which would facilitate the subsequent
      registration and approval processes; the “Ion System” adopting a flexible robot with shape sensing technology
      had been approved for launch in Chinese mainland and had its first unit installed for commercial uses. During the
      Reporting Period, four units of the Ion System were sold in Chinese mainland. In addition, during the Reporting
      Period, Fosun Insightec, a joint venture established by the Group and Insightec in China, recorded sales of the
      “MRgFUS” brain therapy system; a strategic partnership was initiated with X-Magtech to co-establish a joint
      laboratory for brain science in collaboration with multiple hospitals, with an aim to advance scientific research,
      clinical collaboration, and commercialization of innovative products such as magnetoencephalography systems.

      In addition, the medical devices segment also made positive progresses in constructing a global marketing
      network. Sisram Medical, through strategies and methods of strengthening digital channels and combining direct
      sales and distribution, continuously expanded the global market. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the global
      direct-sales offices expanded to 12 with marketing network spanning over 110 countries and regions worldwide.
      The proportion of direct sales revenue further increased to 87%. At the same time, the marketing network of
      Breas also covered markets such as Europe, U.S., China, Japan, India and Australia.

      Medical Diagnosis
      During the Reporting Period, the medical diagnosis segment continued to promote product upgrading and the
      launch of differentiated pipelines, to continuously consolidate its foundation of pipelines. A total of 34 products
      were approved for market, and 28 products have entered the clinical approval stage; of which, the fully-
      automated chemiluminescent immunoassay analyzer F-i6000, the fully-automated high-speed chemiluminescent
      analyzer F-C2000, and cytokine test reagents (chemical luminescence), which are independently developed by
      the Group, were successively approved for launch. During the Reporting Period, the second-generation chemical
      luminescence products approved for launch in Chinese mainland, including tumor marker test kits, sex hormone
      test kits and thyroid function test kits, are expected to achieve domestic substitution.

      During the Reporting Period, the medical diagnosis segment actively explored markets. 15 products of the
      medical diagnosis segment, including mitochondrial aspartate aminotransferase and apolipoproteins, were
      successfully awarded the tender for the “centralized procurement in bulk quantity of glucose metabolism and
      other biochemical test reagents by the inter-provincial alliance”. During the Reporting Period, the fully automated
      chemiluminescence analyzers F-A7000 and F-i6000 as well as the fully automated biochemical analyzers F-C2000
      achieved the first set of installation. In terms of operation, the medical diagnostic segment actively integrated the
      supply chain, production and manufacturing, and quality systems of each base to further improve operational
      efficiency.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024     47
Management Discussion and Analysis



            As at the end of the Reporting Period, products launched of the medical diagnosis segment included dozens
            of equipment such as fully automated biochemical testing instruments, fully automated chemiluminescence
            analyzers, high-speed chemistry immunoassay integrated machines, full laboratory automation systems, fully
            automated molecular integrated workstations, and fully automated immunohistochemistry instruments. Nearly
            200 testing projects involving liver function, kidney function, myocardial enzymogram, tumor markers, sex
            hormone, thyroid function, cardiac markers and liver fibrosis markers entered the stage of mass production and
            commercialization, and more than 120 products are under development.

     3.     Healthcare services
            During the Reporting Period, the revenue from the healthcare services segment amounted to RMB7,642 million,
            representing a year-on-year increase of 14.62%. Segment results amounted to RMB71 million, representing a
            year-on-year increase of RMB272 million. Segment profits amounted to RMB–315 million, representing a year-
            on-year decrease in loss of RMB125 million. The year-on-year change was mainly due to (1) the continuous
            construction of key specialties, (2) the improvement of service efficiency and service quality through smart medical
            care, (3) the improvement of operational efficiency through integrated operations.

            Healthcare services business focusing on integrated medical institution
            With years of profound cultivation, Fosun Health, a subsidiary, has formed a healthcare services platform centered
            on the Greater Bay Area, with the provision of general and specialized medical disciplines and the integration of
            online and offline services. In 2024, Fosun Health ranked second in the “2024 Top 100 Social Medical Hospital
            Groups” of Asclepius (ranked among the top three in the list for four consecutive years), and Foshan Fosun
            Chancheng Hospital, a medical institution controlled by it, ranked first in the “2024 Social Medical Competitive
            Private Hospitals” of Asclepius (ranked first for seven consecutive years). As at the end of the Reporting Period,
            Fosun Health controlled 18 general hospitals, specialized hospitals, clinics, and independent testing institutions.
            The medical institutions controlled by Fosun health had a total of 6,578 authorized beds, and held 9 internet
            hospital licenses.

            Regarding medical centers and regional medical institution alliance, through the continuous construction of
            high-level medical disciplines, the facilitation of the integrated operation, the promotion of the integration of
            online and offline medical institutions, the provision of multi-level and differentiated services and the expansion
            of primary medical services, Fosun Health focused on key regions such as the Greater Bay Area and the Yangtze
            River Delta to form a regional healthcare services network. During the Reporting Period, Fosun Health set up the “Greater
            Bay Area General Hospital” management mechanism to promote the integrated operation of four medical
            institutions, including Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital and Guangzhou Xinshi Hospital, in the areas of regional
            network expansion, medical discipline construction, financial operation, smart medical coverage, brand strategy
            improvement, supply chain efficiency enhancement and other aspects. During the Reporting Period, 13 new
            key specialties at the provincial/municipal level were set up by the relevant medical institutions5, totaling 68 key
            specialties. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital and Shenzhen Hengsheng
            Hospital were designated medical institutions under the “Hong Kong and Macao Medicine and Equipment
            Connect”.




5
     This includes the member hospitals of Huaihai Hospital, an associated company.




48    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



      Regarding smart healthcare, Fosun Health provides users with closed-loop solutions throughout the treatment
      course and one-stop health management services that combine healthcare, medicines, health and insurance.
      Fosun Health continued to improve the “Cloud HIS” (a new generation of smart medical cloud platform) and
      the internet hospital SaaS of multiple medical institutions, including Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital and
      Guangzhou Xinshi Hospital during the Reporting Period, which promoted the online-offline integrated service
      model of regional medical associations at a faster pace and further expanded hospital departments and patient
      coverage. As at the end of the Reporting Period, nearly 160 clinics had contracted to join the Greater Bay Area
      regional medical institution alliances.

      Regarding insurance empowerment, Fosun Health continued to promote the two-way empowerment of
      healthcare and insurance. During the Reporting Period, Fosun Health continued to establish the commercial
      insurance operation system. Leveraging the specialty departments and cutting-edge medical technologies
      of medical centers and regional medical associations, Fosun Health created customized innovative insurance
      payment solutions. In addition, Fosun Health continuously deepen the specialization in specific diseases, and
      integrated commercial insurance and medical services. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the medical
      institutions controlled by Fosun Health had contracted over 50 domestic and overseas insurance companies,
      and the commercial insurance service had been implemented in Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital, Shanghai
      Xingchen Children’s Hospital, and Shenzhen Hengsheng Hospital.

      Furthermore, Fosun Health continues to explore and innovate the application of AI technology in medical services.
      Regarding AI-powered patient services for more convenient medical visits, since 2024, the four hospitals in the
      Greater Bay Area have provided AI-driven intelligent outbound call services for chronic disease and post-surgery
      patients who missed their appointments. This service covers over 30 departments and more than 70 disease
      types, reaching over 40,000 follow-up cases. In terms of AI-assisted improvements in diagnostic efficiency, in
      February 2025, Fosun Health integrated DeepSeek into its “Cloud HIS” system to launch an AI assistant, which
      was deployed for operation in four hospitals in the Greater Bay Area.

      Rehabilitation specialty business
      During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to deepen its strategic deployment of the rehabilitation
      specialty business by actively expanding its core regional markets such as municipalities directly under the central
      government, new first-tier cities and provincial capitals, and promoting the “multiple locations in one city” layout
      model.

      During the Reporting Period, Jianjia Healthcare, a subsidiary, further developed the rehabilitation medical business
      and accelerated the divestment of non-core assets to optimize its asset structure. Jianjia Healthcare continuously
      iterated the standardized model of rehabilitation hospital projects, deepened the refined management for all
      aspects such as project planning, operation management and discipline construction, and constantly improved
      operational efficiency and service quality. As at the end of the Reporting Period, 14 rehabilitation medical
      institutions were in operation (including 3 rehabilitation medical institutions in trial operation), and 8 rehabilitation
      medical institutions were under construction.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024      49
Management Discussion and Analysis



          In terms of empowering rehabilitation hospital operation, the Group has taken a series of measures for the
          rehabilitation specialty business, including improving various operation manuals to provide detailed and
          standardized guidance for daily operations, establishing a periodic operation analysis and management system to
          promptly identify operational issues and take corresponding measures, and formulating standardized solutions
          for each procedure to further enhance operational efficiency and quality. In terms of improving healthcare
          services expertise, the rehabilitation specialty business focused on enhancing its healthcare service capacity for
          key diseases, such as stroke, traumatic brain injury and spinal cord injury, continued to improve the rehabilitation
          discipline construction and optimize cultivation mechanism for professional talents, thereby maintaining its
          professional advantages in the field of rehabilitation. In terms of services, the rehabilitation specialty business
          centered on rehabilitation butler service, conducted whole lifecycle management for patients so as to
          continuously improve patient satisfaction and brand loyalty. Meanwhile, the Group has actively continued to
          connect with commercial insurance providers to explore diversified payment channels with the aim of providing
          patients with a more convenient and flexible payment method, as well as deepened strategic cooperation in the
          whole industry chain to achieve resources sharing and complementary advantages among enterprises therein.

     4.   Pharmaceutical Distribution and Retail
          During the Reporting Period, Sinopharm, an associated company, further clarified its development strategy
          and promoted the rapid transformation and upgrade of the business model on the basis of maintaining overall
          business stability. In 2024, Sinopharm recorded an operating income of RMB584.508 billion and net profit
          attributable to the parent company of RMB7.050 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.02% and
          22.14%, respectively.

          During the Reporting Period, the pharmaceutical distribution segment of Sinopharm showed the resilience of
          steady development, and recorded a revenue of RMB444.365 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.75%.
          During the Reporting Period, Sinopharm enhanced the optimization and layout of the pharmaceutical distribution
          network, continued to lay a solid foundation for the development of the pharmaceutical distribution segment
          with high-quality terminal structure, and actively enhanced its market share. Meanwhile, Sinopharm continued
          to optimize the channel structure of pharmaceutical distribution business and promoted direct sales business to
          high-grade hospitals and retail terminals. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the proportion of its direct sales
          business increased steadily.

          During the Reporting Period, due to the impact of comparison base arising from a reduction in device
          procurement projects under fiscal subsidy policies and a sharp decrease in the epidemic prevention materials
          with high gross profits under industry regulations, the revenue of the medical device distribution segment of
          Sinopharm recorded RMB117.915 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 9.44%.

          During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the retail pharmacy segment of Sinopharm recorded RMB35.981
          billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.82%. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total number of
          retail pharmacies of Sinopharm was 11,213, among which there were 1,644 specialty pharmacies, representing
          an increase of 51 pharmacies compared with the end of 2023.




50    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



III. CORE COMPETENCE ANALYSIS

   During the Reporting Period, the core competitiveness of the Group was reflected in its open innovative R&D ecology,
   forwardlooking international layout, systematic commercialization team and other aspects:

   1.   Advantages in R&D and innovation. The Group connected with teams with outstanding scientific talents, leading
        technologies and high-value products worldwide through diversified and multi-level cooperation models such as
        independent R&D, co-development, licensed-in projects and industrial investment. The Group continued to enrich
        its innovative product pipelines, enhanced the research and clinical development capabilities of FIC (First-in-class)
        and BIC (Best-in-class) products, and promoted the R&D and practice of innovative technologies and products
        through the integrated management of the innovative R&D projects by the global R&D center.

   2.   Advantages in internationalization. The Group implemented its internationalization strategy in multiple
        dimensions including innovative R&D, two-way license, production and operation as well as commercialization.
        The global BD team kept enhancing the two-way license of products and IP, and deployed in frontier areas
        through R&D cooperation and licensed-in projects, while drug clinical and registration teams in the U.S., Africa,
        Europe, India, Japan, Middle East and Southeast Asia continued to strengthen overseas drug registration and
        application capabilities. The Group also accelerated the international quality system certification of domestic
        production lines, and further deepened its international marketing capabilities, so as to continue to expand
        the international market. In particular, as at the end of the Reporting Period, in the field of medical devices,
        the Group’s marketing network for medical cosmetology equipment covered over 110 countries and regions
        worldwide, and has established direct sales layouts in multiple countries.

   3.   Advantages in commercialization. The Group continuously enhanced the construction and integration of
        marketing system, and had formed a marketing system by product lines featured by professionalism, branding,
        digitalization and compliance that supported existing products and products to be launched. As at the end of the
        Reporting Period, the Group had built up a comprehensive supporting system covering aspects such as medical
        affairs, large access system, medical strategic alliance, brand and market promotion, etc.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024     51
Management Discussion and Analysis



IV. MAJOR OPERATIONS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

     (I)   Analysis on Principal Operations
           1.   Analysis of Changes in Relevant Items of Income Statement and Statement of Cash Flows

                                                                                                                        Unit: million      Currency: RMB

                                                                        Amount                   Amount            Year-on-year
                Items                                               for the year            for last year               change                     Reasons
                                                                                                                            (%)


                Revenue                                                       40,910                41,249                    –0.82                  Note 1
                Cost of sales                                                 21,366                21,595                    –1.06                  Note 1
                Selling and distribution expenses                              8,680                 9,712                   –10.63                  Note 2
                Administrative expenses                                        4,440                 4,495                    –1.22
                Credit impairment losses                                         111                   132                   –15.91                  Note 3
                R&D expenses                                                   3,644                 4,346                   –16.15                  Note 4
                Other gains                                                    1,010                 1,392                   –27.44                  Note 5
                Other expenses                                                   567                   832                   –31.85                  Note 6
                Finance costs                                                  1,432                 1,325                     8.08                  Note 7
                Share of profits and losses of:
                   Associates                                                  1,828                  2,387                  –23.42                  Note 8
                Net cash flow generated
                   from operating activities                                   4,477                  3,414                   31.13                  Note 9
                Net cash flow generated
                   from financing activities                                  –1,003                –1,336                    24.96                 Note 10


                Note 1: For the reasons for the year-on-year change in revenue and cost of sales, please refer to “Segment Performance Overview” in “Management
                        Discussion and Analysis”.

                Note 2: During the Reporting Period, the selling and distribution expense ratio was 21.22%, representing a decrease of 2.32 percentage
                        points as compared to the same period of last year. Gross profit margin less selling and distribution expenses ratio was 26.55%,
                        representing an year-on-year increase of 2.44 percentage points. This was mainly due to the combined effects that: (1) the Group
                        continued to strengthen the control of selling and distribution expenses through refined management and optimized resource
                        allocation; (2) the structure of sales products has changed, and the sales expense ratio of centralized procurement products has
                        decreased year-on-year; (3) the Group maintained investment in market development and sales team for new product launched.

                Note 3: Mainly due to the credit impairment provisions made for COVID-19-related receivables during the same period of last year.

                Note 4: Mainly due to the fact that during the Reporting Period, the Group concentrated on quality pipeline assets and enhanced
                        efficiency by integrating its R&D system; as the R&D projects advance, multiple pipelines met the criteria for capitalization
                        recognition, leading to the R&D investment of several projects transferred to development expenditure; in addition to self-
                        initiated R&D, the Group actively implemented an open R&D model by leveraging industry funds and other mechanisms to
                        incubate R&D projects, so as to ensure the sustainability of innovation and R&D investment.

                Note 5: Mainly due to the fact that the gains from the disposal of non-core assets, such as Tianjin Pharma, in the same period of last year
                        were greater than those in the current period.

                Note 6: Mainly due to fair value changes on financial assets held such as YSB and BFLY.

                Note 7: Mainly due to factors such as the appreciation of the United States dollars, changes in the size of interest-bearing liabilities,
                        rehabilitation medical business’s long-term leases subject to the recognition of lease liabilities in accordance with the lease
                        standard, leading to the corresponding increase in financial costs.




52    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



           Note 8: Mainly due to a year-on-year decline in the share of profits from associates.

           Note 9: Mainly due to the Group’s initiatives in supply chain management and operational efficiency improvement, resulting in the
                   increase of operating cash flow over-performing the growth of operating profit for the period.

           Note 10: Mainly due to the combined effects of cash inflows from the partial disposal of Gland Pharma’s equity interest and changes in
                    the scale of interest-bearing liabilities during the Reporting Period.


      2.   Analysis of Revenue and Cost of Sales
           (1) Principal Operations by Segments, Products, Geographical Locations

                                                                                                                 Unit: million         Currency: RMB

                                                                                       Principal Operations by Segments
                                                                                Gross Year-on-year Year-on-Year
                                                                     Cost of    profit       change in     change in                        Year-on-year
                  By segments                              Revenue     sales   margin         revenue cost of sales               change in gross margin
                                                                                  (%)              (%)           (%)


                  Pharmaceutical manufacturing              28,776   13,218     54.07          –4.34          –6.19       increase of 0.91 percentage point
                  Medical devices and medical                4,320    2,158     50.05          –1.50          –1.95       increase of 0.23 percentage point
                     diagnosis
                  Healthcare services                        7,642    5,910     22.66          14.62          12.98       increase of 1.12 percentage points


                                                                                       Principal Operations by Products
                                                                                Gross Year-on-year Year-on-year
                                                                     Cost of    profit      change in      change in                        Year-on-year
                  By products                              Revenue     sales   margin         revenue cost of sales               change in gross margin
                                                                                  (%)             (%)            (%)


                  Major products of anti-tumor and           8,085    1,716     78.78           5.84           9.54       decrease of 0.71 percentage point
                    immune modulation
                  Major products of anti-infection(Note)     3,126    1,003     67.92         –27.95         –53.79 increase of 17.94 percentage points
                  Major products of metabolism and           2,793      693     75.20          –0.73           8.89 decrease of 2.19 percentage points
                    alimentary system
                  Major products of cardiovascular           1,912    1,185     38.02          14.00          13.75       increase of 0.13 percentage point
                    system
                  Major products of central nervous          1,099      159     85.57         –21.01          –2.35    decrease of 2.76 percentage points
                    system
                  Major products of APIs and                 1,106      810     26.75         –12.97         –10.97    decrease of 1.65 percentage points
                    intermediate products




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024              53
Management Discussion and Analysis



                                                                                   Principal Operations by Geographical Locations
                                                                                    Gross Year-on-year Year-on-year
                                                                       Cost of      profit     change in     change in                      Year-on-year
                     By geographical locations          Revenue          sales     margin       revenue cost of sales             change in gross margin
                                                                                       (%)           (%)           (%)


                     Chinese mainland                     29,613         14,450         51.20          –4.10         –6.70         increase of 1.36 percentage points
                     Regions outside Chinese mainland     11,297          6,916         38.78           8.93         13.23        decrease of 2.33 percentage points
                       and other countries


                     Note:     The decrease in revenue and operating cost of the major products of anti-infection as compared with the same period
                               of last year and the year-over-year increase in gross margin were mainly due to a significant decrease in demand for
                               COVID-19 related products Jie Bei An (azvudine tablets) and a decline in sales of Sha Duo Li Ka (potassium sodium
                               dehydroandrographolide succinate for injection), as well as a change in product mix in this therapeutic segment.


               (2)   Analysis of Production and sales volume

                                                                                                                  Year-on-year
                                                                                                                     change in        Year-on-year     Year-on-year
                                                                          Production        Sales                   production           change in        change in
                     Major products                     Unit                 volume       volume      Inventory        volume         sales volume        inventory
                                                                                                                           (%)                  (%)             (%)


                     Serplulimab injection
                         (trade name in Chinese
                         mainland: Han Si Zhuang)
                         (converted as 100mg/bottle)    ’0,000 bottles            118           29          29            172                    23              379
                     Trastuzumab injection
                         (trade name in Chinese
                         mainland: Han Qu You)
                         (converted as 150mg/vial)      ’0,000 vials              284           226         65               47                  11              342
                     Rituximab injection
                         (trade name in Chinese
                         mainland: Han Li Kang)
                         (converted as 100mg/vial)      ’0,000 vials              175           151         41               42                   1              121


                     Note:     During the Reporting Period, the top five products are: Serplulimab injection (trade name in Chinese mainland: Han Si
                               Zhuang), Trastuzumab injection (trade name in Chinese mainland: Han Qu You), Rituximab injection (trade name in
                               Chinese mainland: Han Li Kang), heparin series preparations and antimalarial series such as artesunate. In particular,
                               heparin series preparations and antimalarial series such as artesunate involve products in multiple dosage forms, and it is
                               impossible to convert products of different dosage forms into corresponding production and sales volume according to
                               the same standard.




54   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



         (3)   Analysis of Cost

                                                                                                                  Unit: million       Currency: RMB

                                                                                                By Segments
                                                                                                                       Percentage
                                                                                                       Amount          of the total
                                                                                                        for the        cost for the     Ratio of change
                                                                             Percentage of      corresponding       corresponding      for the period as
                                                               Amount for     the total cost         period of       period of last      compared with
               By Segments                  Cost                the period   for the period           last year               year          the last year
                                                                                         (%)                                    (%)                   (%)


               Pharmaceutical manufacturing Cost of products       13,218             61.87             14,090               65.25                 –6.19
               Medical devices and medical Cost of products
                  diagnosis                   and goods             2,158             10.10              2,201               10.19                 –1.95
               Healthcare services          Cost of services        5,910             27.66              5,231               24.22                 12.98


                                                                                                                  Unit: million       Currency: RMB

                                                                                                 By Products
                                                                                                                     Percentage of Ratio of change
                                                                                                       Amount             the total for the period as
                                                                             Percentage of              for the        cost for the   compared with
                                                                              the total cost    corresponding       corresponding the corresponding
                                                               Amount for                 for        period of           period of          period of
               By Products                  Cost                the period       the period           last year           last year          last year
                                                                                         (%)                                    (%)                (%)


               Major products of
                 anti-tumor and immune
                 modulation                 Cost of products        1,716             12.98              1,566               11.12                  9.54
               Major products of
                 anti-infection(Note)       Cost of products        1,003               7.59             2,170               15.40                –53.79
               Major products of metabolism
                 and alimentary system      Cost of products          693               5.24               636                4.51                  8.89
               Major products of
                 cardiovascular system      Cost of products        1,185               8.97             1,042                7.39                 13.75
               Major products of central
                 nervous system             Cost of products          159               1.20               162                1.15                 –2.35
               Major products of APIs and
                 intermediate products      Cost of products          810               6.13               910                6.46                –10.97


               Note : The decrease in revenue and operating cost of the major products of anti-infection as compared with the same period of
                      last year was mainly due to a significant decrease in demand for COVID-19 related products Jie Bei An (azvudine tablets)
                      and a decline in sales of Sha Duo Li Ka (potassium sodium dehydroandrographolide succinate for injection).




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024             55
Management Discussion and Analysis



               (4)   Major Customers and Suppliers
                     Sales to the top 5 customers of the Group amounted to RMB10,069 million in aggregate,
                     representing 24.52% of the total sales for the year.

                     Purchases from the top 5 suppliers of the Group amounted to RMB1,354 million in aggregate,
                     representing 8.97% of the total purchases for the year.

         3.    Expenses
               During the Reporting Period, selling and distribution expense of the Group amounted to RMB8,680
               million; the selling and distribution expense ratio was 21.22%, representing a decrease of 2.32 percentage
               points as compared to the same period of last year; and gross profit margin less selling and distribution
               expenses ratio was 26.55%, representing an year-on-year increase of 2.44 percentage points. The year-
               on-year change in selling and distribution expense ratio was mainly due to: (1) changes in product mix; (2)
               refined management and optimized resource allocation, promoting flat marketing system management to
               concentrate resources on the front line of marketing, and promoting the improvement of team efficiency;
               and (3) integration of marketing resources to promote integrated access to strategic alliances, resulting in
               lower marketing expenses ratio.

               During the Reporting Period, the administrative expense of the Group amounted to RMB4,440 million,
               representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.22%; excluding the impact of newly acquired companies,
               administrative expenses decreased by RMB318 million on the same basis.

               During the Reporting Period, the finance costs of the Group amounted to RMB1,432 million, representing a
               year-on-year increase of 8.08%, mainly due to factors such as the appreciation of the United States dollars,
               changes in the size of interest-bearing liabilities, rehabilitation medical business’s long-term leases subject
               to the recognition of lease liabilities in accordance with the lease standard, leading to the corresponding
               increase in financial costs.

         4.    R&D Expenditures
               Accounting treatment of R&D expenditures
               The Group divides expenses for internal R&D projects into expenses in the research phase and expenses in
               the development phase. Expenses in the research phase are recognized in profit or loss for the period as
               incurred. Expenses in the development phase may only be capitalized if the following conditions are satisfied
               simultaneously: the completion of such intangible assets for use or sale is technically feasible; the Company
               has the intention to use or sell the intangible assets upon completion; the way in which the intangible assets
               bring economic benefits shows that there exists a consumption market for the products with use of these
               intangible assets or the intangible assets themselves, or that they are useful in case of internal utilization;
               the Company has sufficient technological, financial and other resources to complete the development of
               the intangible assets and the ability to make them available for use or sale; and the expenses attributable
               to such intangible assets can be measured reliably at the development stage. Development expenses not
               satisfying all of the above conditions are recognized in profit or loss of the period as incurred. Combining
               the characteristics of the R&D process of the pharmaceutical industry and of the Group itself, the Group’s
               expenses for its R&D projects may only be accounted for as capitalized R&D expenses if they are incurred
               after relevant approvals or certificates (Approval for Clinical Trial and Pharmaceutical Product Registration
               Approval Document) based on Measures on the Registration Administration of Medicines (藥品註冊管理
               辦 法 ) issued by NMPA or approval from international drug regulatory authority on the regulatory market)
               are obtained, and if the present value of the Company’s future cash flow or realizable value resulting from
               the evaluated project results are higher than the book value. The remainder of the R&D expenses would be
               expensed.



56   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



                                                            R&D Expenditures

                                                                                                     Unit: million    Currency: RMB



           R&D expenditures expensed for the year                                                                                3,644
           R&D expenditures capitalized for the year                                                                             1,910
           Total R&D expenditures                                                                                                5,554
           Total R&D expenditures as a percentage of revenue (%)                                                                 13.52
           R&D expenditures in the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment as a percentage
             of the revenue from the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment (%)                                                    16.98
           Percentage of R&D expenditures capitalized (%)                                                                        34.39
           The number of R&D staff in the Group                                                                                  3,047
           The number of R&D staff as a percentage of the total number of staff in the Group (%)                                  7.51


           Descriptions
           During the Reporting Period, the Group maintained stable R&D intensity while continuously optimizing
           its innovation system. By focusing on advantageous pipelines and integrating R&D systems, operational
           efficiency was enhanced. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s total R&D expenditure reached
           RMB5,554 million, including R&D expenses of RMB3,644 million and capitalized R&D expenditure of
           RMB1,910 million. It was mainly due to the fact that as the R&D projects advance, R&D expenditure of
           multiple pipelines met the criteria for capitalization recognition, leading to the R&D investment of several
           pipelines transferred to development expenditure, such as serplulimab injection’s indications under research
           (gastric cancer (GC), limited-stage small cell lung cancer, etc.), HLX22 (anti-human epidermal growth factor
           receptor-2) (HER2) humanized monoclonal antibody injection), Dimethyl malonate formonertinib capsules,
           13-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (multivalent combinations). In addition to self-initiated R&D, the
           Group also actively implemented an open R&D model and leveraged industry funds and other mechanisms
           to incubate innovation and R&D projects, so as to ensure the sustainability of innovation and R&D.

      5.   Cash Flows

                                                                                                     Unit: million    Currency: RMB

                                                       Amount for the
                                         Amount for      corresponding     Ratio of
           Items                          the period period of last year    change Reasons
                                                                                (%)


           Net cash flow generated             4,477              3,414      31.13 Mainly due to the Group’s initiatives in supply
             from operating activities                                               chain management and operational efficiency
                                                                                     improvement, resulting in the year-on-year increase
                                                                                     of operating cash flow over-performing the growth
                                                                                     of operating profit for the period.

           Net cash flow generated            –1,003             –1,336      24.96 Mainly due to the combined effect of capital inflows
             from financing activities                                               from the partial disposal of Gland Pharma’s equity
                                                                                     and the change in the interest-bearing liabilities
                                                                                     scale during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024         57
Management Discussion and Analysis



     (II)   Assets and liabilities analysis
            As at 31 December 2024, the ratio of total interest-bearing bank and other borrowings over total assets was
            28.16%, as compared with 28.72% as at 31 December 2023.

                                                               Assets and liabilities

                                                                                                                         Unit: million    Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                  Ratio of change for
                                                                       Percentage of              Percentage of the amount as at the
                                                                      the amount as     Amount the amount as end of the period as
                                                       Amount as        at the end of as at the at the end of compared with the
                                                     at the end of      the period to end of last last period to    amount as at the
            Items                                       the period    the total asset     period the total assets  end of last period             Reasons
                                                                                  (%)                         (%)                 (%)


            Financial assets at fair value through          2,596                 2.21          1,888             1.66                    37.50    Note 1
               profit or loss — current

            Contract assets                                   128                 0.11           146              0.13                   –12.33    Note 2

            Assets held for sale                                75                0.06              –                –                   100.00    Note 3

            Investments in joint ventures                       21                0.02            79              0.07                   –73.42    Note 4

            Property, plant and equipment                  22,203                18.91        20,846            18.38                      6.51    Note 5

            Right-of-use asset                              4,691                 3.99          4,248             3.75                    10.43    Note 6

            Deferred income tax assets                        758                 0.65           624              0.55                    21.47    Note 7

            Lease liabilities — current                       341                 0.29           330              0.29                     3.33    Note 8

            Lease liabilities — non-current                 2,542                 2.16          2,050             1.81                    24.00    Note 8

            Note 1: Mainly due to the changes in the fair value of financial assets held, as well as the transfer of investments held from long-term assets
                    because of the loss of significant impact and partial sales.

            Note 2: Mainly due to the decrease in contract receivables.

            Note 3: Mainly attributable to assets contracted for sale pending settlement at the end of the Reporting Period.

            Note 4: Mainly due to the fact that Fosun Kairos has transformed to a subsidiary from a joint venture.

            Note 5 : Mainly due to the transfer of construction of biomedical industry park to fixed assets.

            Note 6: Mainly due to new long-term leases of subsidiaries.

            Note 7: Mainly due to the increase of deferred income tax assets by subsidiaries.

            Note 8: Mainly due to new long-term leases of subsidiaries.




58    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



   (III) Analysis on Major Subsidiaries and Investees
       1.   Operation and Results of Subsidiaries of the Group
            (1) Operation and Results of Major Subsidiaries

                                                                                                               Unit: million    Currency: RMB

                                                                           Registered       Total       Net          Operating                 Net
                  Name of subsidiary Major business                           capital      assets     assets Revenue    profit               profit


                  Yao Pharma                 Pharmaceutical R&D and                197      8,573      6,795         5,070           1,265   1,113
                                               manufacturing

                  Fosun Wanbang              Pharmaceutical R&D and                480      7,577      4,577         7,992            934      792
                                               manufacturing

                  Shanghai Henlius(Note 1) Pharmaceutical R&D and                  543 10,598          3,014         5,724            838      820
                                             manufacturing

                  Gland Pharma(Note 2)       Pharmaceutical R&D and                 N/A 10,533         8,582         4,898            645      405
                                               manufacturing

                  Guilin Pharma              Pharmaceutical R&D and                285      2,410      1,464         1,132            344      303
                                               manufacturing

                  Note:    The above figures include appraisal appreciation and amortisation of appraisal appreciation.

                  Note 1: The data of Shanghai Henlius is prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards.

                  Note 2: The data for Gland Pharma is prepared in accordance with Indian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.


            (2)   Status of Other Major Subsidiaries

                                                                                                               Unit: million    Currency: RMB

                                                                                      Registered       Total       Net
                  Name of subsidiary                   Major business                    capital      assets     assets Revenue Net profit


                  Sisram Medical(Note 1)               Medial devices R&D and                  N/A     4,509      3,485        2,484           205
                                                        manufacturing

                  Foshan Fosun Chancheng               Healthcare services                      50     4,090      2,079        2,498           118
                    Hospital(Note 2)

                  Note 1 : The data for Sisram Medical is prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards.

                  Note 2 : The data for Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital included appreciation of asset evaluation and amortization of
                           appreciation of asset evaluation.




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024          59
Management Discussion and Analysis



         2.    Operation and Results of Investee Companies whose Profit Contribution and Investment Income
               Accounts More Than 10% of the Group’s Net Profit
                                                                                    Unit: million Currency: RMB

               Name of         Principal             Registered            Total            Net              Operating        Net
               company         activities               capital           assets          assets   Revenue      profit      profit


               Sinopharm       Pharmaceutical
                 Industrial      investment                   100       392,764         127,007    584,508       14,008     10,414


         3.    Acquisition and Disposal of Subsidiaries during the Reporting Period (including the Purposes,
               Methods and Effects of the Acquisitions and Disposals and the Effects on the Group’s Overall
               Operation and Results)
               (1) Acquisition of Subsidiaries during the Reporting Period
                   The acquisitions of the subsidiaries during the Reporting Period have had the following effect on the
                   Group’s production and results:

                     Name of company                                      Acquired through            Date of acquisition/merger


                     Shenzhen Fosun Pharmaceutical                        Equity transfer             22 October 2024
                       Technology Co., Ltd.*
                       (深 圳 復 星 醫 藥 科 技 有 限公司)

                     Fosun Kairos                                         Equity transfer             31 October 2024


               (2)   Disposal of Subsidiaries during the Reporting Period:

                     Name of company                                      Disposed through               Date of disposal


                     Chongqing Guoyu Health Management Co. Ltd*.
                        (重慶國渝健康管理有限公司)                                     Equity transfer               28 March 2024
                     Guo Rong Le Yang Health Technology (Shanghai)
                        Co. Ltd.* (國融樂養健康科技(上海)有限公司 ) Equity transfer                                    29 March 2024
                     Fujian Jiahu Healthcare Management Co. Ltd.* (福
                        建嘉護醫療管理有限公司)                                       Equity transfer               23 April 2024
                     Sinopharm Putian Hanjiang Medical Investment
                        Management Co. Ltd.*
                        (國藥莆田涵江醫療投資管理有限公司)                                 Equity transfer               27 June 2024
                     Tongfuhui (Shanghai) Health Service Co., Ltd.*
                        (同福匯(上海)健康服務有限公司)                                  Equity transfer               23 October 2024
                     Shanghai Futuo Zhida Healthcare Technology Co., Ltd.*
                        (上海復拓知達醫療科技有限公司)                                   Equity reorganization         20 December 2024




60   Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



     (IV) Employees and Remuneration Policies
          As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had a total of 40,557 employees. The employee’s remuneration
          policies of the Group are formulated on the basis of the performance, work experience and salary level prevailing
          in the market.

THE BOARD’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON FUTURE DEVELOPMENT OF THE GROUP

I.   Industry Landscape and Trends
     In terms of market demand and payment in 2024, in view of the accelerated population aging and increased burden
     caused by disease, as well as the growing awareness in health among residents, the government emphasizes health
     sector and further increases investment in public health and medical health so as to encourage innovative R&D and
     development of new treatment technologies as well as localization of high-end medical equipment from a policy level.
     The medical and healthcare market in China maintained a long-term and stable growth trend. With the population
     aging and the development of treatment technology, the spectrum of disease also changes. The prevalence and
     diagnosis rate of tumors and immune system diseases continue to rise. The population of patients with chronic diseases
     continues to expand, and there are still an enormous amount of clinical treatment needs to be met. These drivers will
     encourage local companies to firmly follow the path of innovation and transformation, and provide patients with new
     treatments with higher efficacy and affordability. In terms of industry policies, enterprises are led and encouraged by
     the government to undergo upgrade and structural optimization in terms of strategic emerging industries, in order
     to achieve the overall transformation of the local pharmaceutical industry while aiming at high-value innovations and
     promoting high quality development. In terms of payment policies, the National Medical Insurance Drugs Catalogue
     is further expanded to include new products into the catalogue at a faster pace, which reflects the policy orientation
     to develop more accessibility and affordability. Centralized procurement of drugs in bulk is regularly undertaken in
     line with regulations and the scope of centralized procurement of high-value medical supplies in bulk is continuously
     expanded, which further expands the scope for medical insurance payment and further expands the medical insurance
     coverage on innovative products. The policies continue to support the long-term healthy development of innovative,
     large-scale domestic pharmaceutical enterprises with international presence. In the overseas expansion of domestically
     developed innovative drugs, Chinese pharmaceutical companies are actively exploring international markets. Through
     the NewCo model (collaborating with overseas investors to establish new joint ventures), domestic innovative drug
     companies are establishing overseas structures to realise the overseas expansion of their pipeline interests. Diversified
     external licensing has driven the enterprise’s rapid growth while providing high-quality innovative medicines to more
     patients in need globally.

     As the industry has become more regulated, standardized and professional in the course of development, a further
     rise was seen in level of concentration of the industry. The continuous upgrade of the industry unavoidably presents
     pressure and challenges in terms of operations in the transformation process to local enterprises in the short term.
     Nevertheless, such circumstance will benefit the rapid development of leading enterprises and innovative individual
     business in the long term. Meanwhile, uncertainties lurk within the global economy environment. The international
     expansion of domestic enterprises will be subject to various challenges, but enterprises with robust independent
     innovation capabilities will continue to enjoy the room for international development.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024     61
Management Discussion and Analysis



II.    Corporate Development Strategies
       The Group will commit to its mission of improving human health, adhere to its corporate philosophy of “Innovation for
       Good Health”, and endeavor to capture the momentum presented by the broad pharmaceutical market in China as
       well as the rapid growth in mainstream markets such as Europe and the U.S. and certain emerging markets. The Group
       adheres to the development strategies of innovation and transformation, integrated operation and steady development,
       so as to further enhance the establishment of core competence to improve the operating results. In terms of innovation
       and internationalization, the Group will continuously enhance its independent R&D capability and continue to achieve
       the transformation and practice of global innovative advanced technology by adopting license-in projects, industry
       funds and other models so as to facilitate the innovation and transformation and propel the international expansion
       of the Group. With respect to production and operation, the Group will strengthen the upgrading and optimization of
       production and manufacturing system, continue to improve supply chain management, promote the consolidation of
       production resources and realization of star production lines for products within the Group. By taking smart factories as
       standard, the Group will build new manufacturing bases for preparations and APIs, so as to secure production capacity
       for newly launched products and key products. At the same time, the Group will continue to promote digitalisation and
       AI transformation and upgrade.

III.   Operation Plan
       In 2025, the Group will continue to promote and enhance its R&D efficiency, accelerate to achieve the
       commercialization value of its launched products, and further improve the quality and efficiency of internal operations.
       In terms of innovative R&D, the Group will tap into the domestic market and expand into the international market, roll
       out targeted planning around products and technologies in core therapeutic fields with large unmet needs, improve
       R&D efficiency, and focus on the internal development and external introduction of high-value pipelines. In terms of
       improving operation and management efficiency, the Group will proactively promote lean operations, cost reduction,
       efficiency improvement and asset rationalization to optimize the financial structure and lay a solid foundation for the
       Group’s long-term stable development. In order to achieve the above operating objectives, specific strategies and
       actions include:

       Pharmaceutical Manufacturing
       In 2025, the Group will continue to implement the “4IN” (i.e. Innovation, Internationalization, Intelligentization and
       Integration) strategy, enhance capabilities in innovative R&D, strive to develop strategic products, expand global market
       opportunities, optimize asset allocation, and promote efficiency in R&D and operation.

       In terms of the innovative drug business, the Group will continue to focus on its competitive resources to ensure
       the smooth advancement of key projects, comprehensively upgrade its BD capabilities to consolidate its dominant
       position in breast cancers, lung cancers, hematological tumors and other tumors, expand the layout opportunities
       of immune inflammation, central nervous system and chronic diseases (cardiovascular and cerebrovascular, liver
       disease, metabolism, kidney disease, etc.). By expanding industry-university-research cooperation with world-class
       universities and scientific research institutes, the Group will capture the originally innovative products in the early stage.
       At the same time, the Group will actively promote the export of quality products and promote global simultaneous
       development. On the marketing side, the Group will promote the upgrading of the marketing organization and
       strengthen product life cycle management through a large access system and innovative omni channel marketing, so as
       to maximize the commercial value of innovative products and strive to create a matrix of blockbuster products.




62      Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



   In terms of the established medicines manufacturing & supply business, with respect to R&D, the Group will establish
   R&D projects for difficult generic drugs and differentiated products as well as improved new drugs and innovative
   drugs, efficiently promote the development of pipeline products, and actively make deployment in high-end/complex
   preparations such as in situ gels, minitablets, oral fast dissolving film, inhalation and sustained and controlled
   release, to form a differentiated R&D layout. In terms of operation, the Group will consolidate and plan the industrial
   layout, strengthen the integration of APIs and preparations, as well as deploy characteristic APIs and emerging
   technology platforms, strengthen the capacity construction of international registration and marketing system of
   APIs, comprehensively improve operational efficiency, develop leadership in terms of cost, and focus on promoting
   the integration and international collaboration of the heparin industry. In terms of marketing, the Group will actively
   respond to centralized procurement, and accelerate the transformation of the marketing model. While further
   deepening its presence in the existing market, the Group aims to achieve rapid breakthroughs through strategic layout
   in emerging markets such as the Middle East and Southeast Asia, so as to comprehensively promote global layout, form
   a regional focus, and accelerate international market expansion with the help of external mergers and acquisitions.

   In terms of the vaccines business, the Group will continue to enrich the product portfolio of bacterial vaccines, viral
   vaccines and emerging vaccine technology platforms. The Group will actively promote the phase III clinical trials of
   13-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (multivalent combinations), rabies vaccine (human diploid cells) for human use (freeze
   dried) and the phase I clinical trials of 23-valent pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine and 24-valent pneumococcal
   polysaccharide conjugate vaccine, accelerate the launch progress of quadrivalent influenza virus lysate vaccine, and
   orderly advance the R&D of strategic vaccine products in the pipeline. At the same time, the Group will strengthen
   independent R&D and open cooperation, reinforce the core competitiveness of the vaccine technology platform, and
   continue to promote the improvement of the production capacity and quality system of the vaccine industry.

   Medical Devices and Medical Diagnosis
   In 2025, in terms of the medical devices business, the Group will continue to focus on medical cosmetology, respiratory
   health, professional medical products and other business areas to accelerate the breakthrough in industry concentration
   by focusing on two major objectives of efficient asset operation and profitability enhancement with innovation and
   deepening internationalization as the main focuses. In particular, the Group will strengthen the diversity of the medical
   cosmetic business and the value creation of the global network coverage through both internal and external expansion.
   The Group will continue to deeply integrate into the respiratory health business, expand the business and enhance the
   quality of profitability. The professional medical products business will concentrate on the development of oncology,
   neuroscience and other specialty fields, enhancing product competitiveness, marketing strength and incubation
   capabilities, and establish a superior brand presence in specialized medical segments.

   In 2025, in terms of the medical diagnosis segment, the Group will further optimize its asset structure and integrate
   internal and external resources, prioritizing the development and commercial promotion of advanced pipelines and
   high potential pipelines, and continue to implement measures to enhance quality and efficiency. In R&D, the Group
   will continue to build a collaborative pipeline layout and overall solutions focusing on fields such as infections, tumors,
   the central nervous system, and chronic diseases. In marketing, the Group will focus on pipelines such as biochemistry,
   chemiluminescence, and molecular fields, and improve marketing capabilities and terminal output. In operations, the
   Group will be committed to achieving a dual improvement in quality and efficiency, and further enhance the ability to
   deliver high-quality products and the capability of refined cost management.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024      63
Management Discussion and Analysis



      Healthcare services
      In 2025, based on the continuous consolidation on its existing advantageous areas, the healthcare services business
      with focus on comprehensive medical institutions, will continue to improve specialized service capabilities and a full
      life cycle management system based on patients’ disease process, so as to further enhance the standard of its medical
      services. It will also continue to strengthen its core capabilities, promote the innovation and application of medical
      technologies, and enhance the integrated operation efficiency. It will continue to enhance the cooperation with
      commercial insurance in terms of depth and breadth, increase the coverage of commercial insurance in healthcare
      services business, and accelerate the expansion of one-stop health management services for the integration of
      medicine, healthcare and insurance. It will continue to deepen the integrated online and offline smart healthcare
      services based on the digital platform. Meanwhile, it will explore capabilities of international medical services, with a
      focus on the Greater Bay Area.

      In 2025, regarding the rehabilitation specialty business, the Group will promote the opening of rehabilitation hospitals
      under construction and continue to refine the rehabilitation hospital standardization model 3.0 to enhance operational
      benchmarking and capability empowerment. Efforts will be continued to promote the standardization of rehabilitation
      assessment criteria and quality control systems. The Group will further improve brand management and service
      platform development to solidify its market positioning as “precision rehabilitation” with a “mid-to-high-end” brand
      image, alongside building and continuously improving an interconnected group-base rehabilitation information system.
      In parallel, the “clinical-rehabilitation integration” development will be strengthened to further enhance the experience
      of rehabilitation patients and realize full-cycle management and optimization of rehabilitation services.

IV.   Potential Risks
      (I)   Industry policies adjustments
            The medical healthcare industry is one of the industries most affected by national policies, involving various
            ministries and commissions and institutions such as national medical insurance, health, drug supervision and
            administration, industry and information technology, technology and intellectual property rights. With intensified
            efforts in the reform of drug production and manufacturing, medical health and healthcare security, the landscape
            of the healthcare industry is still in the midst of continuous changes, leading to the innovative transformation,
            industry consolidation and transformation in business models becoming a matter of great urgency. As the
            connection among the elements in “Three Medical Linkages” grows stronger, the promotion and implementation
            of new policies on national and regional centralized procurement of drugs and devices in bulk, rational drug use
            policies, control of medical cost growth rates, adjustments to price and payment method for medical insurance,
            dynamic adjustments to National Medical Insurance Drug Catalogue, National Medical Insurance Drug Catalogue
            preferential inclusion of cost-effective innovative drugs, and biosafety and environmental protection mechanisms
            have affected the production costs and profitability of the entire pharmaceutical industry and brought about a
            renovated competitive structure to the industry.

            In the field of medical devices and medical diagnosis, the policies encourage the integration of the enterprise’s
            resources and advantage complementation, and put innovation as the development focus, which intensifies the
            support for the innovation of high-end medical devices, and thus the technology levels of clinical products are
            continuously improved. Equipment upgrade and centralized procurement of medical consumables in bulk also
            bring about a drastic change to the industry.




64      Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



          In the field of healthcare services, socially organized medical institutions need to conduct more strategic and
          diversified deliberations on how to strengthen collaboration with dominant public healthcare providers while
          pursuing differentiated development patterns and collaborative expansion. Concurrently, rapidly refined policies
          on internet-based healthcare have propelled medical services into a new phase of integrated online-offline
          development, transitioning from the traditional single offline model.

          In this regard, the Group will closely monitor and analyze on the policy trends of related industries, keep abreast
          of the development trends of the industry and continuously improve business management mechanisms, so as to
          fully reduce the business risks caused by policy changes.

   (II)   Market competition risks
          With the deepening reform of the medical system, the National Healthcare Security Administration has initiated
          a comprehensive governance of drug and consumable prices, and extended it to retail terminals. Meanwhile,
          it increased the reform efforts in healthcare payment based on Diagnosis Related Groups (DRG) and Diagnosis
          Intervention Packet (DIP), aiming to further optimize and reshape medical practices.

          In the field of innovative drugs, since the market size of generic drugs has shrunk drastically, numerous generic
          drugs companies seek transformation. With China’s entry into the International Council for Harmonisation of
          Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH) and the domestic drug review and approval
          system being gradually brought into line with international standards, more and more innovative drugs are being
          launched at a faster pace. The internal competition among local innovative pharmaceutical companies has been
          increasingly fierce, and at the same time, they are also facing competition from international pharmaceutical
          companies. The National Reimbursement Drug List negotiation mechanism, primarily targeting innovative drugs,
          demonstrates a trend of accelerating the inclusion of newly launched products, while simultaneously tightening
          pricing restrictions on innovative drug products. In addition, the development and launch of innovative products
          by domestic pharmaceutical companies in overseas markets also face challenges such as heavy investment and
          lack of familiarity with regulatory requirements.

          In the field of generic drugs, the tightening of medical insurance cost control policies, coupled with the
          advancement of the generic drug consistency evaluation and the implementation of the centralized procurement
          in bulk policy, are driving a further increase in industry concentration within the generic drugs. Meanwhile, with
          the progressing supply-side reforms and the rapid launch of more innovative drugs, the market shares and profit
          margins of generic pharmaceutical products will be subject to further pressure.

          In addition, the competition for generic drugs in the overseas markets, mainly in the U.S., has been intense and
          price pressure has further increased. At the same time, the drug regulatory agencies are imposing increasingly
          stringent requirements on production quality. These factors constitute unavoidable risks during the deepening of
          internationalization. In emerging markets such as Africa, more and more generic drugs companies have joined
          the competition, resulting in intensified price pressure on government tenders, as well as increasing risks of
          competition.

          In this regard, the Group will continuously track and keep abreast of the changes in development trend of the
          industry, insist on innovation R&D, enrich product pipelines, optimize product structure, and enhance the R&D
          efficiency. At the same time, the Group will enhance the benefits from economies of scale, and proactively
          improve quality and increase productivity for production. In terms of marketing, the Group will increase efforts in
          market development and enhance the marketability of products, so as to further expand market coverage.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024     65
Management Discussion and Analysis



     (III)   Business and operating risks
             1.   R&D risks of drugs
                  Drugs must undergo processes ranging from preclinical studies, clinical trials, application for registration
                  and approval for production from the R&D stage to marketing stage, and drug R&D is characterized by
                  large investment, long cycles, high risks, etc. and is also susceptible to various unpredictable factors. In
                  addition, if the R&D of drugs does not match future market demand, or if the sales of the new drugs are
                  not sufficient due to intensified competition and other factors, the recovery of the initial investment and
                  the realization of economic benefits may be affected, which will in turn adversely affect the profitability and
                  development of the Group.

                   In this regard, the Group will continue to strengthen its project and early research capabilities, adhere to
                   a lean R&D concept and process, scientifically employ Go/No-go decisions, and promote the continuous
                   improvement of R&D efficiency and output with an effective reward and punishment mechanism. In
                   addition, the Group will further strengthen the construction of BD and clinical registration capabilities by
                   introducing and developing product pipelines with high clinical value and strong innovative attributes,
                   and accelerate the launch of innovative products. At the same time, the Group will also actively promote
                   and develop competitive product pipelines by virtue of various models such as industry-university-research
                   cooperation, industrial investment and fund incubation.

             2.    Quality control risks of products and services
                   Drugs, medical devices and diagnostic products are special commodities, and the society pays a great deal
                   of attention to their quality. The Group has been continuously increasing its management efforts and
                   investment in technological upgrading in terms of quality management. The technology and equipment
                   standards of subsidiaries have significantly improved. However, due to the multiple production stages for
                   pharmaceutical products, quality issues may arise due to raw materials, production, transportation, storage,
                   use and other matters. Meanwhile, the Group has formulated corresponding management measures
                   and established management agencies to ensure that the procurement, inventory, preparation, and sales
                   of pharmaceuticals, medical devices, and diagnostic products comply with GMP or GSP and relevant
                   requirements and operate in accordance with the laws. However, there may still be the possibility that the
                   relevant operating entities will be punished for failing to strictly abide by relevant laws and regulations due
                   to reasons such as poor management in the actual course of operation.

                   The healthcare services segment may be subject to risks of medical malpractice claims or disputes, including
                   complaints and disputes between doctors and patients arising from surgical errors, medical misdiagnosis
                   and incidents relating to defects of treatment and diagnostic devices. In the event of serious medical
                   malpractice, relevant compensation and loss may be incurred by the Group, which may in turn affect the
                   operation results, brand and market reputation of the Group’s healthcare services institutions.

                   In this regard, the Group will continue to maintain lean operation, adhere to quality and risk management
                   throughout the life cycle of its products, and practically implement quality and safety control mechanisms
                   and pharmacovigilance mechanism. For healthcare services, the Group will strengthen the construction of
                   disciplines and improve the quality of operations while pursuing business development.




66     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



        3.   Safety and environmental risks
             Manufacturing companies are also exposed to safety and environmental risks during the production process.
             In the process of production of drugs, medical devices and diagnostic products, due to the dangerous
             chemical substances involved in the APIs, improper operation or inadequate maintenance measures during
             loading, unloading, handling, storage and use may cause production safety incident. Residue, waste gas,
             waste liquid and other pollutants produced during the manufacturing of products or provision of healthcare
             services may be harmful to the surrounding environment if they are not treated properly, which in turn will
             affect the normal production and operation of the Group. Although the Group has treated and emitted
             pollutants in compliance with the relevant environmental laws, regulations and standards applicable in the
             relevant places of operation, the environmental protection costs incurred by the Group may increase in light
             of the enhanced social awareness on environmental protection over time, and the potential implementation
             of more stringent environmental protection laws and regulations by the countries and localities where the
             Group operates.

              In this regard, the Group will continuously strengthen production safety management, reinforce staff
              training and implement relevant safety production measures to reasonably control risks. Meanwhile, the
              Group will attach importance and fulfill its social responsibility for environmental protection, to ensure the
              normal operation of environmental protection facilities and ensure that the target of emissions is met.

   (IV) Management risks
        1.  Risks of internationalization
            Geopolitical uncertainty poses risks to the internationalization of the biopharmaceutical industry. The
            Chinese biopharmaceutical companies’ international cooperation may be affected by the new pattern and
            new policies.

              Meanwhile, the Group may face various problems during the implementation of its internationalization
              strategy, including unfamiliarity with the overseas regulatory environment and markets, difference in the
              demands between overseas and domestic customers, and implementation of trade protection policies in
              certain countries. At the same time, with the further expansion of the global sales network, the scale of
              sales and the scope of business, there will be higher requirements on the operating and management
              capabilities of the Group. If the Group’s capability on aspects such as production and operation, marketing,
              quality control, risk management, compliance with integrity, data protection and talent training does not
              align with the development pace of the internationalization and the requirement for the expansion of the
              Group, the Group may be exposed to operating and management risks.

        2.   Risks arising from mergers, acquisitions and integration
             Legal, policy and operating risk exposures may also be confronted by the Group during the process of
             mergers, acquisitions and business consolidations. Upon completion of acquisitions, the requirements on
             the operation and management of the Group will become higher. If mergers and acquisitions could not
             bring about a synergistic impact, the operating results of the Group may be adversely affected.

              In this regard, the Group will continue to improve its technologies and professionalism, the understanding
              of regulatory rules and policies of overseas market so as to minimize the potential operational risks of
              operational activities.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024     67
Management Discussion and Analysis



     (V)   Exchange rate fluctuation risks
           With the implementation of internationalization strategies, the Group continued to expand its operation areas,
           and the proportion of purchases, sales, and mergers and acquisitions denominated in foreign currencies has
           continued to increase. Changes in exchange rates will affect the value of assets and liabilities denominated in
           foreign currencies and the value of invested overseas entities, thereby indirectly causing changes in the Group’s
           income or cash flow over a period of time. With the continuous deepening of the reform of exchange rate
           marketization, the exchange rate between RMB and other convertible currencies fluctuates in a greater range
           during the exchange rate settlement process and therefore brings the risk of exchange rate fluctuations.

           In this regard, the Group will keep paying attention to fluctuations of the foreign exchange rate, optimizing the
           structure of domestic and overseas assets, and reasonably controlling foreign exchange exposure so as to improve
           the ability to deal with exchange rate fluctuation risks.

     (VI) Force majeure risks
          Severe natural disasters and abrupt public health incidents may harm the properties and personnel of the Group,
          and may affect the normal production and operation of the Group.

           In this regard, the Group will continue to strengthen the analysis and prediction of force majeure risks and
           improve the emergency management system so as to try to reduce the adverse impact that force majeure
           incidents may bring to operations.

OTHER EVENTS

I.   Progress of Increase in Shareholding by a Controlling Shareholder
     Fosun High Tech, a controlling shareholder of the Company, planned to further increase its shareholding in the Company (including
     A Shares and/or H Shares) by way of, including but not limited to, centralised price bidding or block trade at the stock
     exchanges and transfer by agreement (and/or through parties acting in concert with it) within the 12-month period
     commencing from 13 September 2023, if and where appropriate, and the cumulative total consideration thereof shall
     not be less than RMB100 million (including the total consideration for an increase in shareholding of A Shares of not
     less than RMB100 million) and the additional shareholding interest to be acquired in aggregate shall not exceed 2% of
     the total number of shares of the Company as at 13 September 2023 (i.e. 2,672,156,611 shares, the same below) (and
     the aggregated number of shares in the Company to be acquired in the 12-month period on a rolling basis shall not
     exceed 2% of the total number of shares of the Company) (the “Shareholding Increase Plan”). Fosun High Tech and/
     or parties acting in concert with it shall not reduce its/their shareholding in the Company during the implementation of
     the Shareholding Increase Plan and within the statutory restricted period.

     As at 12 September 2024, the term of the Shareholding Increase Plan expired. Under the Shareholding Increase Plan,
     Fosun High Tech acquired a total of 4,295,000 A Shares of the Company, representing approximately 0.16% of the
     total number of Shares of the Company as at 13 September 2023, with a cumulative consideration of approximately
     RMB101.19 million.




68    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Management Discussion and Analysis



II.   Merger by Absorption and Privatization of Shanghai Henlius
      By resolutions of the Board dated 24 June 2024 and 23 August 2024 respectively, the privatization proposal of
      Shanghai Henlius, a subsidiary of the Company, and the amendments thereto were approved. Pursuant to the proposal
      (as amended), Fosun New Medicine (as the offeror and acquirer), a subsidiary of the Company proposed to acquire
      and cancel all shares of Shanghai Henlius (including H shares and unlisted shares) held by other existing shareholders
      of Shanghai Henlius by cash and/or share alternative (the “Merger”), and to privatize Shanghai Henlius. Upon the
      completion of the Merger, Fosun New Medicine (as the subsisting entity after the Merger) will inherit and assume all
      assets, liabilities, interests, businesses, personnel, contracts and all rights and obligations of Shanghai Henlius, and the
      legal entity of Shanghai Henlius will be eventually deregistered.

      On 22 January 2025, the Merger, as a special resolution, was approved by more than two-thirds of the voting
      shareholders present at the extraordinary general meeting of Shanghai Henlius. However, it was not passed at the
      H shareholders class meeting of Shanghai Henlius, where only independent H shareholders had the right to vote.
      Therefore, the Merger has not been implemented, and Shanghai Henlius will retain its H Share listing status.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024     69
Five-Year Statistics

                                                                                                    Unit: million   Currency: RMB

Year                                                              2020            2021      2022          2023            2024
                                                             (Restated)      (Restated)


Operating Results
Revenue                                                          30,167        38,864     43,811        41,249          40,910
Profit for the year                                               3,938         4,976      3,954         2,907           3,512
Profit for the year attributable to owners of
  the parent                                                      3,662          4,729     3,737         2,399           2,770
EBITDA                                                            7,285          8,814     8,041         7,720           8,772
Proposed final dividend (in RMB Yuan)                              0.43           0.56      0.42          0.27            0.32

Earnings per share (in RMB Yuan)
Earnings per share — basic                                          1.43          1.85       1.43         0.90             1.04
Earnings per share — diluted                                        1.43          1.85       1.43         0.90             1.04


Equity
Total equity                                                     45,932        48,323     54,058        56,578          59,895
Equity attributable to owners of the parent                      36,944        39,139     44,532        45,646          47,223
Equity per share attributable to owners
  of the parent                                                   14.41          15.27     16.67         17.08           17.68

Debt
Total debt                                                      22,965         24,509      29,116      32,574           33,064
Gearing ratio (%)                                              27.46%         26.28%      27.18%      28.72%           28.16%
Interest coverage (times)                                         8.27          10.41        7.94        5.61             6.03

Assets
Cash and bank balances                                            9,971        10,317     16,241        13,694          13,524
Property, plant and equipment                                    12,580        13,012     15,719        20,846          22,203
Right-of-use asset                                                2,666         2,570      2,837         4,248           4,691
Investments in joint ventures                                       382           283        231            79              21
Investments in associates                                        21,871        22,344     22,863        23,802          24,632
Financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss — non-current                                   1,461          1,206     2,389         1,040           1,157
Financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss — current                                       1,970          4,241       929         1,888           2,596
Equity investments designated at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                   1           30        15            53              16


Segment net profit
Pharmaceutical manufacturing                                      2,355          2,630     3,419         1,974           3,250
Medical devices and medical diagnosis                               907          2,000       771           (33)            (52)
Healthcare service                                                  109           (433)     (792)         (440)           (315)
Pharmaceutical distribution and retail                            1,807          1,948     2,114         2,242           1,777

EBITDA = profit before tax + finance costs + depreciation and amortization




70       Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors

The Directors are pleased to present their 2024 report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the
year ended 31 December 2024.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Group’s scope of business is strategically organized along the pharmaceutical and healthcare industry chain, with a
focus on the domestic market while expanding globally. Businesses directly operated by the Group include pharmaceutical
manufacturing, medical devices and medical diagnosis and healthcare service. The Group also has a presence in
pharmaceutical commerce through its investment in Sinopharm.

Details of the principal activities of the Group’s principal subsidiaries are set out in note 1 to the financial statements. There
were no significant changes in the nature of the Group’s principal activities during the Reporting Period.

BUSINESS REVIEW

A review of the business of the Group in 2024 and a discussion and analysis of the material factors underlying the Group’s
performance, results and financial position during the year are provided in the sections headed “Financial Review” and “Business
Review” in the Management Discussion and Analysis in this annual report, respectively. Description of the major risks and
uncertainties confronted by the Group can be found throughout this annual report, particularly in the section headed “Potential
Risks” in the Management Discussion and Analysis in this annual report. Particulars of important events affecting the Group
that have occurred since the end of the Reporting Period, can be found in note 53 to financial statements. The outlook of the
Group’s business is discussed throughout this annual report including the Chairman’s Statement and the section headed “The
Board’s Discussion and Analysis on Future Development of the Group” in the Management Discussion and Analysis in this
annual report.

RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

The Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2024 and the financial position of the Group at that date are set out in
the financial statements and the accompanying notes on pages 135 to 273.

The Board has proposed the 2024 Final Dividend of RMB0.32 per share, before tax, for the year ended 31 December 2024,
which will be subject to the approval by the Shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.

The Company will dispatch a circular containing, inter alia, further information relating to the proposed distribution of the
2024 Final Dividend and the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to Shareholders in due course.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024     71
Report of the Directors



PROFIT DISTRIBUTION PLAN

According to the Articles of Association, the Company may distribute its profit by means of cash, shares or a combination
of cash and shares. If the Company satisfies the conditions for cash dividends, priority should be given to profit distribution
by means of cash dividends. The Company makes a profit distribution each year in principle, and the Board may propose
to distribute interim cash dividends under the circumstances of the Company. Under the circumstances that the profit
of the year and the accumulated undistributed profit are both positive, the cash dividends for the year of the Company
should not be less than 10% of the distributable profit realized for the year in principle if the Company does not have any
major investment plans or (plan to) incur any significant cash expenses. The specific plan for distribution shall be decided by
the Shareholders at the general meeting according to the Company’s actual operation status of the year. The Board shall
comprehensively take account of the features of the industry where the Company operates, its stage of development, its
own business model, profitability and factors such as whether there is significant capital expenditure arrangement, when
distinguishing the following situations and forming different cash dividend distribution plans:

a.    If the Company is at the mature stage of development and has no significant capital expenditure arrangements, the
      proportion of cash dividends shall be at least 80% of the profit distribution;

b.    If the Company is at the mature stage of development and has significant capital expenditure arrangements, the
      proportion of cash dividends shall be at least 40% of the profit distribution;

c.    If the Company is at the growth stage and has significant capital expenditure arrangement, the proportion of cash
      dividends shall be at least 20% of the profit distribution.

If it is difficult to distinguish the Company’s stage of development but there is significant capital expenditure arrangement,
the profit distribution may be dealt with pursuant to the rules in the preceding paragraph.

AGM AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS OF H SHARES

The notice of the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company will be published and dispatched to Shareholders
in accordance with the requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the Articles of Association. The Company will
announce the period of closure of register of members of H Shares in the notice of annual general meeting to be issued or
the announcement to be otherwise issued.

SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION

A summary of the financial information for the last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements (restated/
reclassified as appropriate) is set out in the section headed “Five-Year Statistics” in this annual report.

ISSUED CAPITAL

Details of movements in the Company’s share capital during the Reporting Period are set out in note 39 to the financial
statements.




72     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



SUBSIDIARIES

Particulars of the names, places of incorporation and issued/registered share capital of the Company’s principal subsidiaries
are set out in note 1 to the financial statements.

REPURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

Repurchase of H Shares on the Open Market
Pursuant to the general mandate to repurchase H shares of the Company, which was considered and approved at the annual
general meeting, the A Shareholders class meeting and the H Shareholders class meeting of the Company (the “General
Meetings”) respectively, and in order to preserve the value of the Company, the H Share repurchase plan (“H Share
Repurchase Plan”) was considered and approved at the 55th meeting of the ninth session of the Board of the Company on
12 July 2024. It was approved the repurchase of the H Shares by the Company on or before 31 December 2024 with internal
financial resources, and the total number of H Shares to be repurchased not exceed 5% of the total number of H shares (i.e.
551,940,500 shares, the same below) of the Company as at the date of the resolution of the General Meetings (i.e. 26 June
2024, the same below).

As at 31 December 2024, the implementation period of the H Share Repurchase Plan expired. During the Reporting Period,
the Company repurchased a total of 7,558,500 H Shares (representing approximately 0.28% of the total number of shares
of the Company (i.e. 2,671,326,465 shares) as at 31 December 2024 and 1.37% of the total number of H shares of the
Company as at the date of resolution of the General Meetings) on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with an aggregated
repurchase amount of approximately HK$96.71 million under the H Share Repurchase Plan, details of which are summarized
below:

                                  Number of H Shares                          Highest              Lowest                  Total
Months                                  repurchased                   repurchase price    repurchase price    repurchase amount
                                              (shares)                  (HK$ per share)     (HK$ per share)          (HK$ million)


August 2024                                      3,132,500                        12.64              11.98                    38.56
September 2024                                   2,339,000                        12.82              11.52                    28.33
November 2024                                      862,500                        14.98              13.96                    12.46
December 2024                                    1,224,500                        14.46              13.94                    17.35


Total                                            7,558,500                                                                    96.71


Note: Any discrepancies between totals and sums of figures are due to rounding.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024    73
Report of the Directors



Repurchase of A Shares on the Open Market
Pursuant to the general mandate to repurchase A shares of the Company, which was considered and approved at the annual
general meeting, the A Shareholders class meeting and the H Shareholders class meeting of the Company respectively, with
reference to the confidence in the Group’s development prospects and recognition of its value, and in order to safeguard the
interests of investors, enhance investor confidence, as well as promote the establishment and improvement of the incentive
mechanism of the Group, effectively align the interests of the Shareholders, corporate(s) and operators, taking into account
of the A Share performance on the secondary market as well as the Group’s financial position and development prospects,
the A Share repurchase plan (“A Share Repurchase Plan”) was considered and approved at the 47th meeting of the ninth
session of the Board of the Company on 26 March 2024. The repurchase of A Shares by the Company with internal financial
resources through centralized price bidding on the trading system of Shanghai Stock Exchange has been approved, with the
total repurchase amount of not less than RMB100 million and of not more than RMB200 million as well as the repurchase
price of not more than RMB30 per share. The repurchase period is 6 months from the date of consideration and approval of
the A Share Repurchase Plan by the Board. As a result of the profit distribution for the year of 2023, the A Share repurchase
price limit was adjusted to RMB29.7302 per share with effect from 6 August 2024 (being the ex-dividend date of the A
Shares for the profit distribution for the year of 2023) pursuant to the A Share Repurchase Plan.

As at the close of trading on 25 September 2024, the implementation period of the A Share Repurchase Plan expired and the
Company has completed the implementation of the plan. During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased a total of
5,677,700 A Shares (representing approximately 0.21% of the total number of shares of the Company <i.e. 2,672,398,711
shares> as at 25 September 2024) on the Shanghai Stock Exchange with an aggregated repurchase amount of approximately
RMB126.64 million under the A Shares Repurchase Plan, details of which are summarized below:

                                  Number of A Shares                           Highest              Lowest                  Total
Months                                  repurchased                    repurchase price    repurchase price    repurchase amount
                                              (shares)                   (RMB per share)     (RMB per share)          (RMB million)


June 2024                                       1,457,800                         22.32               22.03                  32.32
July 2024                                         482,000                         22.13               22.03                  10.63
August 2024                                       896,300                         22.42               21.87                  19.87
September 2024                                  2,841,600                         23.52               21.94                  63.81


Total                                           5,677,700                                                                   126.64


Note: Any discrepancies between totals and sums are due to rounding.




74       Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



Repurchase of A Shares under Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme
Pursuant to the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme and relevant authorizations approved by the Shareholders of the
Company at the extraordinary general meeting, the A Shareholders class meeting and the H Shareholders class meeting held
on 29 November 2022, due to the occurrence of repurchase and cancellation situations as set out in the Restricted A Share
Incentive Scheme, including: (1) the resignation of certain participants in the first grant and reserved grant or their retirement
in accordance with national and the Company’s regulations regarding retirement age; and (2) underperformance of appraisal
indicator for 2023 annual results at the Group level, on 7 August 2024, the Board and the Supervisory Committee approved
the Company to repurchase and cancel a total of 1,072,246 restricted A Shares with the total amount of RMB22,830,809.73.
Excluding the interest of 5,025 restricted A Shares held by the retired participants accrued at the benchmark interest rate
for deposit of the same period, the repurchase price of each restricted A Shares was RMB21.29. The relevant shares were
repurchased on 27 September 2024 and cancelled on 8 October 2024.

Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries repurchased, sold or redeemed any of the
Company’s listed securities and has not disposed or sold of any of its treasury shares during the year ended 31 December
2024.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

The amount of the Company’s reserves available for distribution as at 31 December 2024, calculated in accordance with PRC
rules and regulations, was RMB13,598 million.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s total purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers were less than
30%, and the Group’s total turnover attributable to the Group’s five largest customers was less than 30%.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024     75
Report of the Directors



DIRECTORS

As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Board consisted of 12 Directors. The Directors are as follows:

Executive Directors
Mr. Wu Yifang ( 吳 以 芳 ) (Chairman)
Mr. Wang Kexin ( 王 可 心 ) (Co-Chairman)
Ms. Guan Xiaohui (關 曉 暉 ) (Vice Chairman)
Mr. Wen Deyong ( 文 德 鏞 ) (Chief Executive Officer)

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Chen Qiyu ( 陳啟 宇 )
Mr. Xu Xiaoliang (徐 曉 亮 )
Mr. Pan Donghui (潘 東 輝 )
Mr. Chen Yuqing (陳 玉 卿 )

Independent non-executive Directors
Ms. Li Ling ( 李 玲 )
Mr. Tang Guliang (湯 谷 良 )
Mr. Wang Quandi (王 全 弟 )
Mr. Yu Tze Shan Hailson ( 余 梓 山 )

On 30 June 2024, Mr. Yao Fang resigned as a non-executive Director. At the 2024 first extraordinary general meeting held
on 27 September 2024, Mr. Chen Yuqing was appointed as a non-executive Director.

SUPERVISORS

As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee consists of three Supervisors. The Supervisors are as
follows:

Mr. Chen Bing (陳 冰 ) (Chairman)
Mr. Guan Yimin (管 一 民 )
Ms. Wang Lina ( 王 麗 娜 )

Ms. Ren Qian resigned as the employee Supervisor and the chairman of the Supervisory Committee with effect from 19
June 2024. At the employee representatives meeting held on 19 June 2024, Ms. Wang Lina was appointed as the employee
Supervisor with effect from 19 June 2024 until the expiry of the term of the current session of the Supervisory Committee. At
the Supervisory Committee meeting held on 19 June 2024, Mr. Chen Bing was appointed as the chairman of the Supervisory
Committee with effect from 19 June 2024 until the expiry of the term of the current session of the Supervisory Committee.




76     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S BIOGRAPHIES

Biographical details of the Directors, Supervisors and the senior management of the Company are set out on pages 117 to
129 of this annual report.

DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each of the Directors and Supervisors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of not more than
three years until the conclusion of the forthcoming general meeting of the Company, at which members of the next session
of the Board and Supervisory Committee will be elected. None of the Directors or Supervisors has an unexpired service
contract which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory
compensation).

REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The executive Director who is also the senior management of the Company is not entitled to receive by way of remuneration
for their services as being executive Directors, but entitled to receive by way of remuneration for their services as the senior
management of the Company, and such remuneration will be assessed and determined by the Board. The remuneration
for the full-time Directors should be determined by the Shareholders at the general meetings of the Company based on the
economic benefits received by the Company and by reference to factors including the responsibilities and performance of the
Directors and the remuneration standards of the industry. The allowances for the independent non-executive Directors should
be determined by the Shareholders at the general meeting of the Company.

Details of the remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and chief executive and details of the five highest paid employees’
remuneration are set out in note 10 and note 11 to the financial statements.

The remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2024, including salaries, allowances and benefits in kind, performance
related bonuses, pension scheme contribution and cash-based long-term incentive scheme, of those who were senior
management of the Company on 31 December 2024 and whose profiles are included in the section headed “Biographical
Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” of this annual report fell within the following bands:

Remuneration bands                                                                                    Number of individuals


RMB Nil to RMB2,000,000                                                                                                       2
RMB2,000,001 to RMB4,000,000                                                                                                 11
RMB4,000,001 to RMB6,000,000                                                                                                  2
RMB6,000,001 to RMB8,000,000                                                                                                  1
RMB8,000,001 to RMB10,000,000                                                                                                 1
RMB10,000,001 to RMB20,000,000                                                                                                1


DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND
CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

There is no transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to which the Company or its subsidiaries was a party
subsisted at the end of the Reporting Period or at any time during the Reporting Period in which a Director, an entity
connected with a Director, a Supervisor or an entity connected with a Supervisor had a material interest.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024     77
Report of the Directors



CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save for the connected transactions as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions” under the “Report of the
Directors” in this annual report, no contracts of significance (including those for the provision of services to the Group) were
entered into between the Company or any of subsidiaries and the controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries during the
Reporting Period.

PENSION SCHEME

The full-time employees of the Group are covered by various government-regulated defined contribution retirement
benefit schemes under which the employees are entitled to a monthly pension. The Group contributes a percentage of the
employees’ salaries (subject to maximum caps) to these retirement benefit schemes on a monthly basis. Under these schemes,
the Group has no legal obligation for retirement benefits beyond the contributions made. Contributions to these schemes are
expensed as incurred. The Group’s pension cost charged to the income statement for the Reporting Period was RMB638.48
million.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACT

No contracts concerning the management and/or administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Group were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.

DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

During the Reporting Period, except for the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme and the 2022 H Share Employee Share
Ownership Scheme as disclosed in the “SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES” section under “Report of the Directors” in this annual
report, none of the Company, its subsidiaries, the Company’s controlling shareholders and their subsidiaries is a party to
any arrangement that would enable the Directors or Supervisors to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of any shares or
debentures in the Company or any other body corporate, and none of the Directors, Supervisors or their spouses or children
under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe for securities of the Company, or had exercised any such right for the year.




78     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS
IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 31 December 2024, the interests or short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executive in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
SFO) which should be recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise should
be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to
the Hong Kong Listing Rules were as follows:

(1)   Interests in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company
                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                            percentage of
                                                                                        Number of       Shares in relevant
      Name                               Capacity                Class of Shares           Shares(1)       class of Shares


      Mr. Wu Yifang                      Beneficial owner                H Share         373,000(L)                  0.07%
                                         Beneficial owner                A Share         922,224(L)                  0.04%
      Mr. Wang Kexin                     Beneficial owner                H Share          20,000(L)                0.004%
                                         Beneficial owner                A Share         376,684(L)                  0.02%
      Ms. Guan Xiaohui                   Beneficial owner                H Share          25,000(L)                0.005%
                                         Beneficial owner                A Share         331,357(L)                  0.02%
      Mr. Wen Deyong                     Beneficial owner                H Share          20,000(L)                0.004%
                                         Beneficial owner                A Share         145,357(L)                  0.01%
      Mr. Chen Qiyu                      Beneficial owner                A Share         114,075(L)                  0.01%
      Mr. Chen Yuqing                    Beneficial owner                H Share          20,000(L)                0.004%
                                         Beneficial owner                A Share         134,000(L)                  0.01%
      Ms. Wang Lina                      Beneficial owner                A Share           1,900(L)               0.0001%


      Note:

      (1)     (L) — Long position




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024    79
Report of the Directors



(2)   Interests in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company’s associated corporations
      (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO)


                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                                      percentage
                                                                                                                      of Shares in
                                     Name of associated        Class of                              Number of      relevant class
      Name                           corporations              shares           Capacity                Shares(1)        of Shares


      Mr. Wu Yifang                  Fosun International       Ordinary share   Beneficial owner      760,000(L)           0.01%
      Mr. Wang Kexin                 Fosun International       Ordinary share   Beneficial owner    1,460,000(L)           0.02%
      Ms. Guan Xiaohui               Fosun International       Ordinary share   Beneficial owner    1,400,000(L)           0.02%
      Mr. Chen Qiyu                  Fosun International       Ordinary share   Beneficial owner   36,380,400(L)           0.44%
                                     Fosun Tourism(2)          Ordinary share   Beneficial owner      501,478(L)           0.04%
      Mr. Xu Xiaoliang               Fosun International       Ordinary share   Beneficial owner   32,776,000(L)           0.40%
                                     Fosun Tourism(2)          Ordinary share   Beneficial owner    4,302,328(L)           0.35%
                                     Yuyuan                    Ordinary share   Beneficial owner      282,320(L)           0.01%
      Mr. Pan Donghui                Fosun International       Ordinary share   Beneficial owner   17,314,484(L)           0.21%
                                     Fosun Tourism(2)          Ordinary share   Beneficial owner      865,000(L)           0.07%
      Mr. Chen Yuqing                Fosun International       Ordinary share   Beneficial owner    1,140,000(L)           0.01%
      Mr. Chen Bing                  Fosun International       Ordinary share   Beneficial owner    4,337,358(L)           0.05%
                                     Fosun Tourism(2)          Ordinary share   Beneficial owner       66,663(L)           0.01%

      Notes:

      (1)      (L) — Long position

      (2)      Delisted from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in March 2025.




80      Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 31 December 2024, so far as is known to the Directors and Supervisors, the persons or entities, other than the Directors,
Supervisors or chief executive of the Company, who had interests or short positions recorded in the register required to be
kept under section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

                                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                                                percentage of
                                                                                          Class of                Number of Shares in relevant
Name of Shareholders                    Nature of Interest                                Shares                     Shares(1) class of Shares


Fosun High Tech                         Beneficial owner                                  H Share               71,533,500(L)                     12.96%
                                        Beneficial owner                                  A Share              889,890,955(L)(2)                  41.99%
Fosun International                     Beneficial owner                                  H Share                6,000,000(L)                      1.09%
                                        Interest of a controlled corporation              H Share               71,533,500(L)(3)                  12.96%
                                        Interest of a controlled corporation              A Share              889,890,955(L)(4)                  41.99%
Fosun Holdings                          Interest of a controlled corporation              H Share               77,533,500(L)(5)                  14.05%
                                        Interest of a controlled corporation              A Share              889,890,955(L)(4)                  41.99%
Fosun International Holdings            Interest of a controlled corporation              H Share               77,533,500(L)(5)                  14.05%
                                        Interest of a controlled corporation              A Share              889,890,955(L)(4)                  41.99%
Mr. Guo Guangchang                      Interest of a controlled corporation              H Share               77,533,500(L)(5)                  14.05%
                                        Interest of a controlled corporation              A Share              889,890,955(L)(4)                  41.99%
                                        Beneficial owner                                  A Share                  114,075(L)                      0.01%

Notes:

(1)      (L) — Long position;

(2)      As at the end of the Reporting Period, 711,800,000 Shares of these shares were under pledge, and the proceeds from the loan(s) to which the share
         pledge relates are to be applied towards repayment of Fosun High Tech’s own debt(s).

(3)      The Shares are held by Fosun High Tech. Fosun High Tech is wholly owned by Fosun International and therefore Fosun International is deemed to be
         interested in these Shares.

(4)      These Shares are held by Fosun High Tech. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Fosun High Tech is wholly owned by Fosun International, which in
         turn is owned as to 72.76% by Fosun Holdings, and Fosun Holdings is wholly owned by Fosun International Holdings. As Fosun International Holdings is
         owned as to 85.29% by Mr. Guo Guangchang, Fosun International, Fosun Holdings, Fosun International Holdings and Mr. Guo Guangchang are deemed
         to be interested in these Shares.

(5)      These Shares, of which 71,533,500 Shares are held by Fosun High Tech, and of which 6,000,000 Shares are held by Fosun International. As at the end
         of the Reporting Period, Fosun High Tech is wholly owned by Fosun International, which in turn is owned as to 72.76% by Fosun Holdings, and Fosun
         Holdings is wholly owned by Fosun International Holdings. As Fosun International Holdings is owned as to 85.29% by Mr. Guo Guangchang, Fosun
         Holdings, Fosun International Holdings and Mr. Guo Guangchang are deemed to be interested in these Shares.




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024          81
Report of the Directors



PERMITTED INDEMNITY

At no time during the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this report was there any permitted indemnity
provision in force for the benefit of any of the Directors and the Supervisors (whether made by the Company or otherwise) or
any directors and supervisors of an associated company (if made by the Company). The Company has arranged appropriate
Directors’, Supervisors’ and senior management’s liability insurance coverage for the Directors, Supervisors and senior
management.

SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES

2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme
The adoption of the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme was approved by the Shareholders of the Company at the
extraordinary general meeting, the A Shareholders class meeting and the H Shareholders class meeting held on 29 November
2022. A summary of the principal terms of the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme is set out below.

(1)   Purpose
      The Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme aims to further improve the corporate governance structure, promote the
      establishment and improvement of the incentive mechanism of the Group, fully mobilize the enthusiasm of the
      executive Directors and senior management personnel of the Company and employees of the Group, effectively
      align the interests of the Shareholders, corporate(s) and operators to focus on and work collectively for the long-term
      development of the Group.

(2)   Participants
      The participants under the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme include executive Directors, senior management
      personnel of the Company, the mid-level management personnel of the Group and other employees to whom the
      Board considers provision of incentives to be appropriate. The detailed list of participants and their respective allocation
      under the scheme shall be proposed by the Board, independent non-executive Directors and the Supervisory Committee
      shall opine on the same, subject to the relevant procedures in the event the approval at the general meeting, the A
      Shareholders class meeting and the H Shareholders class meeting of the Company is required.

      Participants under the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme do not include any independent non-executive Director
      or Supervisor of the Company, or Shareholders individually or collectively holding more than 5% of the Shares of the
      Company or actual controller and his/her spouse, parents and children. The executive Directors and senior management
      personnel of the Company among the participants shall be elected at the general meetings or appointed by the Board.
      All participants shall have entered into employment agreements or engagement documents with the Company or its
      subsidiaries at the time of grant under the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme and during the term of the Restricted A
      Share Incentive Scheme.




82     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



(3)   Maximum number of shares to be issued and maximum shareholdings entitled by the participants
      A number of up to 3,434,300 restricted A Shares were proposed to be granted to the participants under the Restricted
      A Share Incentive Scheme, representing up to 0.13% of the total number of shares of the Company (excluding treasury
      shares)1 as at the date of this report. Specifically, a number of up to 2,747,500 Shares were granted under the first
      grant, representing up to 0.10% of the total number of shares of the Company (excluding treasury shares) as at the
      date of this report; and a number of up to 686,800 Shares were reserved for further grant, representing up to 0.03%
      of the total number of shares of the Company (excluding treasury shares) as at date of this report. The reserved grant
      portion represents up to 20% of the total Restricted A Shares to be granted under the Restricted A Share Incentive
      Scheme. The total number of shares of the Company granted to any of the participants under all share incentive
      schemes currently in force does not in the aggregate exceed 0.1% of the total number of shares of the Company as at
      29 August 2022.

(4)   Term, restriction period and unlocking arrangement
      The term of the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme shall be commencing from the completion date of registration of
      the Shares under the first grant (i.e. 13 December 2022, the same below) and ending on the date of all the Restricted
      A Shares granted to the participants having unlocked or repurchased and cancelled, the maximum period of which shall
      not exceed 60 months.

      The restricted A Shares granted under the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme shall be locked after completion of their
      registration. During the restriction period, the cash dividend from the restricted A Shares granted to the participants
      shall be held by the Company and payable to the participants upon unlocking; and in the event of the restricted A
      Shares are unable to be unlocked, the corresponding cash divided shall be forfeited by the Company. Within the
      unlocking period, the Company shall deal with matters related to the unlocking of those restricted A Shares which
      satisfy the conditions to such unlocking. The restricted A Shares which fail to satisfy the unlocking conditions, or fail to
      apply for unlocking the relevant restricted A Shares within the prescribed period as listed above, shall be repurchased
      by the Company at the repurchase price equal to the grant price in accordance with the terms of the Restricted A Share
      Incentive Scheme and cancelled accordingly.




1
      i.e. 2,657,108,265 Shares being the total number of shares of the Company (i.e. 2,671,326,465 shares) after deduction of shares repurchased but not canceled (i.e.
      14,218,200 shares)




                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024             83
Report of the Directors



     The restriction period (i.e. the vesting period) of the restricted A Shares granted under the first grant of the Restricted
     A Share Incentive Scheme (took place in 2022) shall be 12 months, 24 months and 36 months from the relevant
     completion date of registration of the Shares under the first grant (i.e. 13 December 2022), respectively. The unlocking
     schedule and arrangements for the restricted A Shares to be granted under the first grant are set out below:

                                                                                                                   Maximum
                                                                                                           proportion of the
                                                                                                          unlocked restricted
                                                                                                             A Shares in the
                                                                                                              total restricted
                                                                                                              A Shares to be
     Unlocking period for                                                                                 granted under the
     the restricted A Shares                                                                              Restricted A Share
     under the first grant                               Unlocking schedule                                Incentive Scheme


     First unlocking period    Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of the 12-month                         33%
                               period from the date of completion of registration of certain
                               corresponding restricted A Shares under the first grant and ending on
                               the last trading day of the 24-month period from the date of completion
                               of registration of certain corresponding restricted A Shares under the
                               first grant

     Second unlocking period Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of the 24-month                           33%
                             period from the date of completion of registration of certain
                             corresponding restricted A Shares under the first grant and ending on
                             the last trading day of the 36-month period from the date of completion
                             of registration of certain corresponding restricted A Shares under the
                             first grant

     Third unlocking period    Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of the 36-month                         34%
                               period from the date of completion of registration of certain
                               corresponding restricted A Shares under the first grant and ending on
                               the last trading day of the 48-month period from the date of completion
                               of registration of certain corresponding restricted A Shares under the
                               first grant




84    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



      The restriction period (i.e. the vesting period) of the restricted A Shares granted under the reserved grant of the
      Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme (took place in 2023) shall be 12 months and 24 months from the relevant
      completion date of registration of the restricted A Shares under the reserved grant (i.e. 21 September 2023, same as
      below) , respectively. The unlocking schedule and arrangements for the restricted A Shares to be granted under the
      reserved grant are set out below:

                                                                                                                  Maximum
                                                                                                          proportion of the
                                                                                                         unlocked restricted
                                                                                                            A Shares in the
                                                                                                             total restricted
      Unlocking period for                                                                                   A Shares to be
      the restricted A Shares                                                                            granted under the
      under the reserved                                                                                 Restricted A Share
      grant                                             Unlocking schedule                                Incentive Scheme


      First unlocking period    Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of the 12-month                       50%
                                period from the date of completion of registration of certain
                                corresponding restricted A Shares under the reserved grant and ending
                                on the last trading day of the 24-month period from the date of
                                completion of registration of certain corresponding restricted A Shares
                                under the reserved grant

      Second unlocking period Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of the 24-month                         50%
                              period from the date of completion of registration of certain
                              corresponding restricted A Shares under the reserved grant and ending
                              on the last trading day of the 36-month period from the date of
                              completion of registration of certain corresponding restricted A Shares
                              under the reserved grant


(5)   Grant price of restricted A Shares and the basis of determination
      The grant price under the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme (including the grant prices of the first grant and the
      reserved grant) shall be RMB21.29 per share. Upon fulfilment of grant conditions, each participant is entitled to
      purchase the A Shares newly issued to him or her by the Company at the price of RMB21.29 per share.

      The grant price underlying the first grant of the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme shall not be less than the nominal
      value of the Shares, and shall not be less than the higher of the following prices:

      (a)   50% of the average trading price of the A Shares on the last trading day prior to the date of the A-Share
            announcement on the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme (i.e. 29 August 2022); and

      (b)   50% of the average trading price of the A Shares on the last 20 trading days prior to the date of the A-Share
            announcement on the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024    85
Report of the Directors



     The grant price underlying the reserved grant of the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme shall not be less than the
     nominal value of the Shares, and shall not be less than the higher of the following prices:

     (a)   50% of the average trading price of the A Shares on the last trading day prior to the date of the announcement
           of Board resolution on the reserved grant (i.e. 31 August 2023);

     (b)   50% of the average trading price of the A Shares on the last 20, 60 or 120 trading days prior to the date of the
           announcement of Board resolutions on the reserved grant; and

     (c)   the grant price of the first grant.

     Pursuant to the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme and under the authorization of the aforesaid extraordinary general
     meeting and class meetings, on 9 January 2024, the Board and the Supervisory Committee considered and approved,
     among other things, unlocking the first tranche of the first grant under the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme. The
     unlocking conditions of the first unlocking period under the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme for a total of 774,114
     restricted A Shares held by 113 participants had been fulfilled and relevant Shares have been traded on 16 January 2024 (i.e.
     the first unlocking date). The weighted average closing price of the A Shares of the Company on the trading day prior
     to the first unlocking date was RMB23.72 per share. On 7 August 2024, the Board and the Supervisory Committee
     considered and approved, among other things, the repurchase and cancellation of 1,072,246 Restricted A Shares not
     yet unlocked, at a total repurchase amount of RMB22,830,809.73. In addition, its was approved to forfeit the cash
     dividends from such Shares repurchased and cancelled for the corresponding year(s) as held in escrow by the Company.
     As at 8 October 2024, the repurchase and cancellation of relevant Shares have been completed.

     On 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024, the maximum number of restricted A Shares to be granted under the
     Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme was 0 share. During the Reporting Period, the number of restricted A Shares
     that the Company may grant under the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme was 0 share, representing 0.00% of the
     weighted average number of the total number of A Shares issued by the Company in 2024.




86    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



   During the Reporting Period, details of changes in the relevant restricted A Shares under the Restricted A Share
   Incentive Scheme are set out as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                          Number of
                                                                                                                    Number of                                              restricted
                                                                                               Number of              restricted  Granted Unlocked       Lapsed/        A Shares not
                                                                                                 restricted    A Shares not yet    during    during     cancelled    yet unlocked as
                                                                                                  A Shares         unlocked as         the      the    during the                  at
                                                                                              granted and          at 1 January Reporting Reporting    Reporting       21 December
                                            Grant price                                              issued                 2024    Period   Period        Period                2024
   Participant(s)       Grant date         (RMB/share)    Lock-up period                            (shares)             (shares)  (shares) (shares)      (shares)            (shares)


   Wu Yifang            1 December 2022           21.29   From 13 December 2022 to                 257,200            257,200          0      84,876       84,876             87,448
                                                             12 December 2025(1)
   Wang Kexin           1 December 2022           21.29   From 13 December 2022 to                 215,200            215,200          0      71,016       71,016             73,168
                                                             12 December 2025(1)
   Guan Xiaohui         1 December 2022           21.29   From 13 December 2022 to                 187,100            187,100          0      61,743       61,743             63,614
                                                             12 December 2025(1)
   Wen Deyong           1 December 2022           21.29   From 13 December 2022 to                 187,100            187,100          0      61,743       61,743             63,614
                                                             12 December 2025(1)

   Subtotal             —                            —    —                                        846,600             846,600         0     279,378     279,378             287,844
   Other participants   1 December 2022           21.29   From 13 December 2022 to               1,654,800           1,525,300         0     494,736     576,868             453,696
                                                             12 December 2025(1)
   Other participants   1 September 2023          21.29   From 21 September 2023 to                371,600            371,600          0          0      216,000             155,600
                                                             20 September 2025(2)


   Total                —                            —    —                                      2,873,000           2,743,500         0     774,114    1,072,246            897,140



   Notes:

   (1)       Upon fulfilment of certain unlocking conditions of the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme (including Group level performance appraisal and
             individual level performance appraisal of participants, please refer to the Company’s circular dated 31 October 2022 for details), the arrangement
             for the unlocking of restricted A Shares granted on 1 December 2022 is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                   Maximum proportion of
                                                                                                                                            the unlocked restricted Shares
                                                                                                                                              in the total restricted Shares
             Lock-Up period                                                Unlocking period                                                                   to be granted


             From 13 December 2022 to 12 December 2023                     From 13 December 2023 to 12 December 2024                                                           33%
             From 13 December 2022 to 12 December 2024                     From 13 December 2024 to 12 December 2025                                                           33%
             From 13 December 2022 to 12 December 2025                     From 13 December 2025 to 12 December 2026                                                           34%


   (2)       Upon fulfilment of certain unlocking conditions of the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme (including Group level performance appraisal and
             individual level performance appraisal of participants, please refer to the Company’s circular dated 31 October 2022 for details), the arrangement
             for the unlocking of restricted A Shares granted on 1 September 2023 is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                   Maximum proportion of
                                                                                                                                            the unlocked restricted Shares
                                                                                                                                              in the total restricted Shares
             Lock-Up period                                                Unlocking period                                                                   to be granted


             From 21 September 2023 to 20 September 2024                   From 21 September 2024 to 20 September 2025                                                         50%
             From 21 September 2023 to 20 September 2025                   From 21 September 2025 to 20 September 2026                                                         50%



   The impact of the implementation of the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme on the Group’s accounting costs for each
   period would be calculated and amortized in accordance with the requirements of the HKFRS.




                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024                  87
Report of the Directors



2022 H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme
The 2022 H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme was approved by the Shareholders of the Company at the
extraordinary general meeting held on 29 November 2022. A summary of the principal terms of the 2022 H Share Employee
Share Ownership Scheme is set out below.

(1)   Purpose
      The 2022 H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme aims to further improve the corporate governance structure of
      the Group, promote the establishment and improvement of the incentive mechanism of the Group, fully mobilize the
      enthusiasm of the executive Directors and senior management personnel of the Company and employees of the Group,
      and effectively align the interests of the shareholders, corporate(s) and operators to focus on and work collectively for
      the long-term development of the Group.

(2)   Participants
      The holders under the 2022 H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme include executive Directors and senior
      management personnel of the Company and the mid-level management personnel of the Group and other employees
      to whom the Board considers provision of incentives to be appropriate. The detailed list of holders and their respective
      allocation shall be proposed by the Board, and independent non-executive Directors and the Supervisory Committee
      shall opine on the same, subject to the relevant procedures in the event the approval at the general meeting of the
      Company is required.

      Participants under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme do not include any independent non-executive
      Director or Supervisor of the Company, or Shareholders individually or collectively holding more than 5% of the shares
      of the Company or actual controller and his/her spouse, parents and children. The executive Directors and senior
      management personnel of the Company among the holders shall be elected at the general meeting or appointed by
      the Board. All holders shall enter into employment agreements or engagement documents with the Company or its
      subsidiaries at the time of grant under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme and during the term of the H
      Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme.

(3)   Source of funds, source of target shares and upper limit of interests granted to holders
      The source of funds of the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme is the Company’s funds designated for
      incentive purposes with a size of RMB73,462,500, and the holders are not required to pay any consideration. The
      management institution of the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme shall purchase the relevant target shares
      on the open market through the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect. The H Share Employee Share Ownership
      Scheme is denominated in “units”, each being RMB1 in value, i.e. the maximum number of units under the scheme
      is 73,462,500. Amongst which, there are up to 58,770,000 units under the first grant, and the remainder of up to
      14,692,500 units are reserved units. The total number of H Shares to be held under the H Share Employee Share
      Ownership Scheme shall not exceed 0.5% of the total share capital of the Company, and the total number of H Shares
      corresponding to units to be held by a holder under the scheme shall not in the aggregate exceed 0.5% of the total
      share capital of the Company.




88     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



(4)   Term, lock-up period and vesting
      The term of the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme shall not exceed 60 months commencing from the date
      on which the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme is considered and approved at the general meeting of the
      Company and the target shares under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme are purchased as announced by
      the Company (i.e. 29 December 2022, same as below). Unless otherwise extended as reviewed by the holders’ meeting
      under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme and resolved and approved by the Board, the H Share Employee
      Share Ownership Scheme shall be automatically terminated upon its expiry.

      The lock-up period for the target shares under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme shall be 12 months
      commencing from the date on which the H Shares under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme are
      purchased in the secondary market as announced by the Company. In case of capitalization of capital reserves, bonus
      issue and refinancing by the Company during the lock-up period, the Shares newly acquired under the H Share
      Employee Share Ownership Scheme due to holding of the Company’s Shares cannot be sold in the secondary market or
      otherwise disposed of. The lock-up period of such newly acquired Shares under the scheme shall be the same as that of
      their corresponding target shares.

      The units under the first grant of the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme (granted in 2022) shall be vested
      according to the performance appraisal results at the Group level and the performance appraisal results of the
      respective holder at the individual level in three batches. The specific vesting periods and vesting arrangements are set
      out below:

                                                                                                                    Maximum proportion of the
                                                                                                                  units that can be vested in the
      Vesting period of                                                                                           total number of units granted
      units under                                                                                                  under the H Share Employee
      the first grant                                          Vesting schedule                                        Share Ownership Scheme


      First vesting period   Commencing from the first trading day after the expiry of the 12-month period from the                         33%
                             date on which the target shares under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme are
                             purchased in the secondary market as announced by the Company and ending on the last
                             trading day of the 24-month period from such date

      Second vesting period Commencing from the first trading day after the expiry of the 24-month period from the                          33%
                            date on which the target shares under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme are
                            purchased in the secondary market as announced by the Company and ending on the last
                            trading day of the 36-month period from such date

      Third vesting period   Commencing from the first trading day after the expiry of the 36-month period from the                         34%
                             date on which the target shares under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme are
                             purchased in the secondary market as announced by the Company and ending on the last
                             trading day of the 48-month period from such date




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024        89
Report of the Directors



     The units under the reserved grant of the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme (granted in 2023) shall be
     vested according to the performance appraisal results at the Group level and the performance appraisal results of the
     respective holder at the individual level in two batches. The specific vesting periods and vesting arrangements are set
     out below:

                                                                                                                   Maximum proportion of the
                                                                                                                 units that can be vested in the
     Vesting period of                                                                                           total number of units granted
     the units under the                                                                                          under the H Share Employee
     reserved grant                                        Vesting schedule                                           Share Ownership Scheme


     First vesting period   Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of the 12-month period from the                             50%
                            reserved unit grant date under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme as
                            announced by the Company and ending on the last trading day of the 24-month period
                            from such date

     Second vesting period Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of the 24-month period from the                              50%
                           reserved unit grant date under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme as
                           announced by the Company and ending on the last trading day of the 36-month period
                           from such date


     In accordance with the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme and the authorization granted at the
     aforementioned extraordinary general meeting, on 9 January 2024, the Board considered and approved, among other
     things, the first vesting of the first grant under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme, i.e. on 9 January 2024
     as the first vesting date, a total of 16,556,200 units under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme held by 113
     participants who met the first vesting conditions stipulated by the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme, were
     vested to them. On the trading day immediately preceding the first vesting date, the weighted average closing price
     of the Company’s H Shares was HK$16.32 per Share. On 7 August 2024, the Board considered and approved, among
     other things, the forfeiture of 22,963,400 unvested units under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme by the
     H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme management committee.

     On 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024, the units to be granted under the H Share Employee Share Ownership
     Scheme were both 0.




90    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



   During the Reporting Period, the details of the changes in the shares of the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme
   are set out as follows:

                                                                                                        Number                 Number of
                                                                                                        of units Number of units lapsed/
                                                                                        Not yet         granted units vested     cancelled     Not yet
                                                                          Number of vested as at      during the during the during the vested as at
                                                                               units  1 January       Reporting    Reporting    Reporting 31 December
                                                                            granted        2024           Period      Period        Period        2024
   Participant(s)        Grant date            Lock-up period                 (units)     (units)          (units)     (units)       (units)     (units)


   Wu Yifang             29 November 2022(1)   From 29 December 2022 to     5,500,000    5,500,000              0    1,815,000     1,815,000     1,870,000
                                                  28 December 2025(2)
   Wang Kexin            29 November 2022(1)   From 29 December 2022 to     4,600,000    4,600,000              0    1,518,000     1,518,000     1,564,000
                                                  28 December 2025(2)
   Guan Xiaohui          29 November 2022(1)   From 29 December 2022 to     4,000,000    4,000,000              0    1,320,000     1,320,000     1,360,000
                                                  28 December 2025(2)
   Wen Deyong            29 November 2022(1)   From 29 December 2022 to     4,000,000    4,000,000              0    1,320,000     1,320,000     1,360,000
                                                  28 December 2025(2)

   Subtotal              —                     —                          18,100,000    18,100,000              0    5,973,000     5,973,000     6,154,000


   Other participants    29 November 2022(1)   From 29 December 2022 to 35,400,000      32,630,000              0   10,583,200    12,343,400     9,703,400
                                                  28 December 2025(2)
   Other participants    1 September 2023      From 1 September 2023 to  7,994,000       7,994,000              0            0     4,647,000     3,347,000
                                                  31 August 2025(3)


   Total                 —                     —                          61,494,000    58,724,000              0   16,556,200    22,963,400    19,204,400


   Notes:

   (1)      The H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme (including the first grant under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme) was approved
            to be implemented by the Shareholders of the Company on 29 November 2022. Therefore, the grant date of the first grant under the H Share
            Employee Share Ownership Scheme was 29 November 2022.

   (2)      The units under the first grant granted to holders under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme shall be vested as follows upon fulfilment
            of certain vesting conditions of the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme (including Group level performance appraisal and individual level
            performance appraisal of the participants, please refer to the Company’s circular dated 31 October 2022 for details):

                                                                                                                      Maximum proportion of the units
                                                                                                                        that can be vested in the total
            Lock-up period                                      Vesting period                                                number of units granted


            From 29 December 2022 to 28 December 2023           From 29 December 2023 to 28 December 2024                                             33%
            From 29 December 2022 to 28 December 2024           From 29 December 2024 to 28 December 2025                                             33%
            From 29 December 2022 to 28 December 2025           From 29 December 2025 to 28 December 2026                                             34%




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024          91
Report of the Directors



     (3)   The units under the reserved grant granted to holders under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme shall be vested as follows upon
           fulfilment of certain vesting conditions of the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme (including Group level performance appraisal and
           individual level performance appraisal of the participants, please refer to the Company’s circular dated 31 October 2022 for details):

                                                                                                                Maximum proportion of the units
                                                                                                                  that can be vested in the total
           Lock-up period                                    Vesting period                                             number of units granted


           From 1 September 2023 to 31 August 2024           From 1 September 2024 to 31 August 2025                                          50%
           From 1 September 2023 to 31 August 2025           From 1 September 2025 to 31 August 2026                                          50%



     The impact of the implementation of the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme on the Group’s accounting costs
     would be calculated and amortized in accordance with the requirements of the HKFRS.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information publicly available to the Company and to the best knowledge of the Directors, as at the date of this
annual report, the Company has been maintaining sufficient public float as required by the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or applicable laws of the PRC where the
Company is incorporated.

DONATIONS

During the Reporting Period, the Group made donations of approximately RMB52.49 million.

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During the Reporting Period, the Company has entered into the following transactions with connected persons (as defined in
the Hong Kong Listing Rules):

(A) Non-exempt Connected Transactions
     1.    As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 31 May 2024, on 31 May 2024, Foshan Fosun
           Chancheng Hospital, a subsidiary of the Company, and Xingshuangjian Investment entered into an equity
           transfer agreement, pursuant to which Xingshuangjian Investment agreed to sell, and Foshan Fosun Chancheng
           Hospital agreed to purchase the 49% equity interest in Foshan Xinglian Nursing Home Limited* (佛山市星蓮
           護 理 院 有 限 公 司 ) held by Xingshuangjian Investment at a consideration of RMB131,146 to be settled in cash.
           Upon completion of the transaction under the equity transfer agreement, the equity interest in Foshan Xinglian
           Nursing Home Limited* (佛 山 市 星 蓮 護理院有限公司) held by the Company through Foshan Fosun Chancheng
           Hospital will increase to 100% from 51%.

           As Xingshuangjian Investment is a subsidiary of Fosun High Tech, the Company’s controlling shareholder. As
           such, Xingshuangjian Investment is an associate of Fosun High Tech, and is a connected person of the Company.
           Therefore, the transaction under the equity transfer agreement constitutes a connected transaction of the
           Company under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




92     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



   2.   As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 31 May 2024, on 31 May 2024, Suzhou Angel Fund, a
        subsidiary of the Company, entered into a capital increase agreement with, among others, Hongshulin Investment (being
        an independent third party of the Company and an existing shareholder of Puling Biomedical), Puling Biomedical
        and its founding shareholders, pursuant to which Suzhou Angel Fund and Hongshulin Investment proposed
        to make capital contribution in cash in the aggregate amount of RMB16,833,333 to subscribe for additional
        registered capital of Puling Biomedical totaling RMB1,230,506.79, of which Suzhou Angel Fund proposed to
        make capital contribution in cash in the amount of RMB7,500,000 to subscribe for additional registered capital
        of Puling Biomedical of RMB548,245.61. Meanwhile, based on the comprehensive consideration of factors
        including investment strategies, as one of the existing investor shareholders of Puling Biomedical, Shanghai
        Futuo, a subsidiary of the Company issued a confirmation of non-exercise of the right of first refusal to Puling
        Biomedical on 31 May 2024 to waive its right of first refusal in respect of the additional registered capital of
        Puling Biomedical. Upon completion of the transactions under the capital increase agreement, the shareholding
        percentage of the Group in Puling Biomedical (through Shanghai Futuo and Suzhou Angel Fund) will increase to
        12.60% from 10.65%.

        As Fosun High Tech, the controlling shareholder of the Company, held more than 10% of the equity interest of
        Suzhou Angel Fund, a subsidiary of the Company, Suzhou Angel Fund constitutes a connected subsidiary and
        hence a connected person of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.16 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore,
        Shanghai Futuo (a subsidiary of the Company)’s waiver of its right of first refusal in respect of the additional
        registered capital of Puling Biomedical proposed to be subscribed by Suzhou Angel Fund under the capital
        increase constitutes a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

   3.   As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 11 December 2024, on 11 December 2024, Ningbo
        Fuying, a subsidiary of the Company, as a limited partner of each of Nanjing Fund, Dalian Xingweilai Fund and
        Suzhou Angel Fund, entered into the transfer agreements with Fosun High Tech for the acquisition of certain
        equity interest in such funds, pursuant to which:

        (1)   Ningbo Fuying will acquire equity interest of Nanjing Fund in the amount of RMB200.00 million (with
              RMB110.00 million paid-up) from Fosun High Tech, at a consideration of RMB90.92 million;

        (2)   Ningbo Fuying will acquire equity interest of Dalian Xingweilai Fund in the amount of RMB50.00 million (with
              RMB25.00 million paid-up) from Fosun High Tech, at a consideration of RMB25.00 million;

        (3)   Ningbo Fuying will acquire equity interest of Suzhou Angel Fund in the amount of RMB44.00 million (with
              RMB24.50 million paid-up) from Fosun High Tech, at a consideration of RMB24.50 million.

        Upon completion of the transactions under the transfer agreements, the Group’s subscribed equity interest in
        Nanjing Fund, Dalian Xingweilai Fund and Suzhou Angel Fund will increase from 41.15%, 41.00% and 39.20%
        to 66.24%, 51.00% and 64.20%, respectively.

        As Fosun High Tech is the controlling shareholder of the Company, Fosun High Tech is a connected person of the
        Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the transactions under the transfer
        agreements constitute connected transactions of the Company pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong
        Listing Rules.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024     93
Report of the Directors



(B) Non-exempt Continuing Connected Transactions
     1.   As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 7 January 2022, Dalian Xingweilai Fund, Dalian Fujian
          and Fujian Fund Management Company proposed to enter into a fund management agreement, pursuant to
          which Fujian Fund Management Company shall be the fund manager of Dalian Xingweilai Fund to provide fund
          management services for a term commencing from date of signing of the fund management agreement (i.e. 17
          January 2022) and ending on 31 December 2024.

          As Fosun High Tech is a controlling shareholder of the Company, Fosun High Tech constitutes a connected person
          of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. During the Reporting Period, Fosun
          High Tech held 16.40% equity interest in Dalian Fujian, a subsidiary of the Company (which is the general partner
          of Dalian Xingweilai Fund, a subsidiary of the Company). Accordingly, Dalian Fujian and Dalian Xingweilai Fund
          constitute connected subsidiaries of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.16 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and
          connected persons of the Company pursuant to the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the transactions under
          such fund management agreement constitute the continuing connected transactions of the Company pursuant
          to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

     2.   As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 24 January 2022, Suzhou Angel Fund, Xingsheng
          Fuying and Fujian Fund Management Company proposed to enter into a fund management agreement, pursuant
          to which Fujian Fund Management Company shall be the fund manager of Suzhou Angel Fund to provide fund
          management services for a term commencing from the first closing date of the fund and ending on 31 December
          2024. The fund management agreement was entered into on 29 January 2022.

          As Fosun High Tech is a controlling shareholder of the Company, Fosun High Tech constitutes a connected person
          of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. During the Reporting Period, Fosun
          High Tech held 29.60% equity interest in Xingsheng Fuying, a subsidiary of the Company (which is the general
          partner of Suzhou Angel Fund, a subsidiary of the Company). Accordingly, Xingsheng Fuying and Suzhou Angel
          Fund constitute connected subsidiaries of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.16 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules
          and connected persons of the Company pursuant to the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the transactions
          under such fund management agreement constitute the continuing connected transactions of the Company
          pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

     3.   As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 29 August 2022, as well as the circular dated 31
          October 2022, on 29 August 2022, the Company entered into a financial services agreement with Fosun Finance
          (as service provider) to renew the financial services agreement expiring on 31 December 2022 for a term of three
          years commencing from 1 January 2023 and ending on 31 December 2025.

          As Fosun Finance is a subsidiary of Fosun High Tech, a controlling shareholder of the Company, Fosun Finance
          constitutes a connected person of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
          Therefore, the transactions under the renewed financial services agreement constitute continuing connected
          transactions of the Company pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




94    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



   4.   As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 22 December 2022, on 22 December 2022, the
        Company and CQ Pharma Holdings entered into a mutual supply framework agreement in relation to the supply
        of sales products and the purchase of procurement products, and the mutual provision of services between the
        Group and CQ Pharma Holdings and its subsidiaries for a term of three year commencing from 1 January 2023
        and ending on 31 December 2025.

        As CQ Pharma Holdings is a substantial shareholder of Yao Pharma, an indirect non-wholly-owned major
        subsidiary of the Company, CQ Pharma Holdings constitutes a connected person of the Company at the
        subsidiary level pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the transactions under such
        mutual supply framework agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company pursuant to
        Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

   5.   As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 15 December 2023, on 15 December 2023, the
        Company and Fosun International entered into a lessee framework agreement (the “2024 Lessee Framework
        Agreement”) in relation to the lease of relevant premises of Fosun International and/or its associates to relevant
        members of the Group, as tenant, for a term of 1 year commencing from 1 January 2024 and ending on
        31 December 2024. On the same date, the Company and Fosun International entered into a lessor framework
        agreement (the “2024 Lessor Framework Agreement”) in relation to the lease of relevant premises of Fosun
        Pharma by Fosun International and/or its associates from relevant members of the Group, as lessor, for a term of
        1 year commencing from 1 January 2024 and ending on 31 December 2024.

        As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 11 December 2024, as the 2024 Lessee Framework
        Agreement was about to expire, on 11 December 2024, the Company entered into a new lessee framework
        agreement with Fosun International to renew the 2024 Lessee Framework Agreement for a term of 1 year
        commencing from 1 January 2025 and ending on 31 December 2025. On the same date, as the 2024 Lessor
        Framework Agreement was about to expire, the Company entered into a new lessor framework agreement with
        Fosun International to renew the 2024 Lessor Framework Agreement for a term of 1 year commencing from 1
        January 2025 and ending on 31 December 2025.

        As Fosun International is a controlling shareholder of the Company, Fosun International and its associates
        constitute connected persons of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
        Therefore, the transactions under the aforesaid tenancy framework agreements constitute continuing connected
        transactions of the Company pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

   6.   As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 15 December 2023, on 15 December 2023, the
        Company and Fosun International entered into a mutual supply framework agreement (the “2024 Fosun
        International Mutual Supply Framework Agreement”) in relation to the mutual supply of products and
        provision of services between the Group and Fosun International and/or its associates, for a term of 1 year
        commencing from 1 January 2024 and ending on 31 December 2024.

        As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 11 December 2024, as the 2024 Fosun International
        Mutual Supply Framework Agreement was about to expire, on 11 December 2024, the Company entered into a
        new mutual supply framework agreement with Fosun International to renew the 2024 Fosun International Mutual
        Supply Framework Agreement for a term of 1 year commencing from 1 January 2025 and ending on 1 December
        2025.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024    95
Report of the Directors



           As Fosun International is a controlling shareholder of the Company, Fosun International constitutes a connected
           person of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the transactions
           under such mutual supply framework agreements constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company
           pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

     The Company has complied and will continue to comply with relevant requirements pursuant to Chapter 14A of the
     Hong Kong Listing Rules in respect of connected transactions, including, among others, conducting an annual review of
     the continuing connected transactions.

     Certain details of the continuing connected transactions during the year ended 31 December 2024 are summarized in
     the table below.

                                                                                        Actual amount of Annual cap for
                                                                                         the Transactions the Transactions
     Connected persons Type of the Transactions                                                     2024             2024
                                                                                                     RMB              RMB


     Fosun International    Leasing of premises and receiving property management
       and its associates     services by the Group from Fosun International and
                              its associates (Short-term leases/Low-value leases)             44,722,534       80,000,000
                            Leasing of premises and provision of property management
                              services by the Group to Fosun International and
                              its associates (Short-term leases/Low-value leases)              1,622,451       10,000,000


                                                                                              46,344,985       90,000,000


                                                                                        Actual amount of Annual cap for
                                                                                         the Transactions the Transactions
     Connected persons Type of the Transactions                                                     2024             2024
                                                                                                     RMB              RMB


     Fosun International    The Group’s acceptance of the services provided
       and its associates     by Fosun International and its associates                       48,039,793       80,000,000
                            Purchase of products by the Group from
                              Fosun International and its associates                          16,917,593       30,000,000
                            Provision of services by the Group to
                              Fosun International and its associates                          25,265,577       70,000,000
                            Sales of products by the Group to Fosun International and
                              its associates                                                  21,913,849       30,000,000


                                                                                             112,136,812      210,000,000




96    Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



                                                                                    Actual amount of Annual cap for
                                                                                     the Transactions the Transactions
   Connected persons Type of the Transactions                                                   2024             2024
                                                                                                 RMB              RMB


   Fosun Finance       Provision of financial services by Fosun Finance to the Group:
                       (a) Maximum daily amount of the credit facility granted
                              by Fosun Finance to the Group                             1,789,802,143   2,000,000,000
                       (b) Maximum daily balance of deposits placed by the
                              Group with Fosun Finance                                  1,899,863,171   2,000,000,000
                       (c)    Fees and charges paid by the Group to Fosun Finance
                              for settlement services and other financial services                 —        1,000,000


                                                                                    Actual amount of Annual cap for
                                                                                     the Transactions the Transactions
   Connected persons Type of the Transactions                                                   2024             2024
                                                                                                 RMB              RMB


   CQ Pharma Holdings Sales of products by the Group to CQ Pharma Holdings
                        and its subsidiaries                                             875,442,133    2,000,000,000
                      Purchase of products by the Group from CQ Pharma
                        Holdings and its subsidiaries                                     22,195,804      480,000,000
                      The provision of services by the Group to CQ Pharma
                        Holdings and its subsidiaries                                              —        6,000,000
                      The Group’s acceptance of the services provided
                        by CQ Pharma Holdings and its subsidiaries                        22,633,693       24,000,000


                                                                                         920,271,630    2,510,000,000




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   97
Report of the Directors



                                                                                          Actual amount of Annual cap for
                                                                                           the Transactions the Transactions
     Connected persons Type of the Transactions                                                       2024             2024
                                                                                                       RMB              RMB


     Dalian Fund              Provision of fund management services by Fujian Fund
                                Management Company to Dalian Fund                                  9,433,962         10,000,000
     Suzhou Angel Fund        Provision of fund management services by Fujian Fund
                                Management Company to Suzhou Angel Fund                            2,168,648         10,000,000


                                                                                                  11,602,610         20,000,000


     The Board (including independent non-executive Directors) has reviewed the continuing connected transactions as
     described above and confirmed that in 2024, such transactions have been entered into:

     (i)     in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

     (ii)    on normal commercial terms or better; and

     (iii)   in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions on terms that are fair and reasonable
             and in the interests of the Shareholders of the Company as a whole.

     The auditors of the Company issued a letter to the Board, confirming (among which) in respect of the continuing
     connected transactions as mentioned above:

     1.      nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the disclosed continuing connected
             transactions have not been approved by the Board;

     2.      for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention
             that causes the auditors to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the
             pricing policies of the Group;

     3.      nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the transactions were not entered
             into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and

     4.      nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditors to believe that the disclosed continuing connected
             transactions have exceeded the maximum aggregate annual cap.




98     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

During the Reporting Period, the Group entered into certain transactions with parties regarded as “related parties”
under the applicable accounting standards. Details of the related party transactions entered into by the Group during the
Reporting Period are disclosed in note 47 to the financial statements. Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed “Connected
Transactions” in this annual report, the related party transactions disclosed in note 47 were not regarded as connected
transactions or were exempt from reporting, announcement and shareholders’ approval requirements under the Hong Kong
Listing Rules.

NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed all the matters, if any, relating to the enforcement of the Deed of
Non-Competition. Fosun International Holdings, Fosun Holdings, Fosun International, Fosun High Tech, Mr. Guo Guangchang
and Mr. Wang Qunbin have provided the Company with an annual declaration of compliance with the provisions of the Deed
of Non-Competition.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

Details of significant events of the Group after the Reporting Period are set out in note 53 to the financial statements.

USE OF PROCEEDS

Pursuant the “Approval in relation to the Non-public Issuance of Shares by Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co.,
Ltd.” by the CSRC (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2021] No. 2501), the Company completed the issuance of 106,756,666 new A
Shares (with a nominal value of RMB1.00 per share) in July 2022. The issuance price of the 2022 Non-public Issuance of A
Shares was RMB42.00 per share, and the total amount of proceeds raised was RMB4,483.78 million. The net amount of the
aforementioned total proceeds after deducting the issuance expenses was RMB4,456.20 million.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024     99
Report of the Directors



Regarding the net proceeds raised from the 2022 Non-public Issuance of A Shares, RMB568.38 million had been utilized
during the Reporting Period, and an aggregate of RMB4,239.76 million had been utilized as at the end of the Reporting
Period. The aggregated utilization details as at the end of the Reporting Period are as follows:

                                                                                               Unit: million   Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                      Actual
                                                                                                                accumulated
                                                                                                                  amount of
                                                                                                Proposed        the proceeds
                                                                                              investment       invested as at
                                                                                            amount from         31 December
Project name                                                                                the proceeds                2024


Innovative drug clinical, license-in and relevant marketing preparation                          2,607.62           1,851.18
Intensive comprehensive base for APIs and preparations                                           1,156.16           1,156.16
Replenishment of working capital                                                                 1,232.42           1,232.42


Total                                                                                            4,456.20           4,239.76


As at 31 December 2024, the remaining net proceeds raised from the Non-public Issuance was RMB216.44 million, which
will be invested to the proposed projects in 2025 (and subsequent years).

THE MODEL CODE AND THE WRITTEN CODE

The Company has adopted the Model Code and the Written Code as its codes of conduct regarding securities transactions.
Having made specific enquiry of the Directors, all the Directors have confirmed that they have complied with the standards as
set out in the Model Code and the Written Code throughout the Reporting Period.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE CG CODE

The Company’s corporate governance practices are based on the principles and code provisions as set out in the CG Code
contained in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The Board is of the view that, during the Reporting Period, the
Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions as set out in the CG Code.

Further information on the corporate governance practices of the Company is set out in the Corporate Governance Report on
pages 105 to 116 of this annual report.




100 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Report of the Directors



COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

The Group must comply with a number of laws and regulations, which mainly include the PRC Company Law, the Civil Code
of the PRC, the Drug Administration Law of the PRC, and exchange rules of listing places of the Company’s shares, such as
the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the Shanghai Listing Rules, as well as other applicable regulations, policies and regulatory
legal documents promulgated pursuant to the aforementioned laws, regulations and rules.

Through various measures such as internal control, compliance management, business approval procedures and employee
training, the Group ensures the compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and regulatory legal documents (especially
those that have significant impact on the main business). Whenever there are any changes to the applicable laws, regulations,
and regulatory legal documents, the Group will notify the relevant employees and the operating team from time to time.

During the Reporting Period, as far as the Directors were aware, there was no breach or non-compliance with the relevant
laws and regulations by the Group which would have a material impact on the Group.

ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY AND PERFORMANCE

The Group complied with the Environmental Protection Law of the PRC, Environmental Impact Assessment Law of the PRC,
Environmental Protection Tax Law of the PRC and other laws and regulations. The Company and relevant subsidiaries have
established the EHS special committee and the EHS team to establish and continuously improve EHS-related policies and
formulate EHS management strategic objectives. Relevant subsidiaries continued to improve the environmental management
system and operating procedures for pollution prevention and control facilities to ensure that all production processes
comply with the requirements of laws, regulations and technical specifications for ecological and environmental protection,
as well as to establish and improve environmental management ledgers to record the operation and management of
pollution prevention and control facilities, testing records and other environmental management information. For details
on environmental policies and performance, please refer to the “2024 Environment, Society and Governance (ESG) and
Sustainability Report” of the Company.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee of the ninth session of the Board comprised independent non-
executive Directors Mr. Tang Guliang (chairman), Ms. Li Ling and Mr. Wang Quandi.

The main duties of the Audit Committee are to review and monitor the financial reporting procedures and internal control
system of the Group, and to provide recommendations and advice to the Board. The Audit Committee of the Company has
reviewed the 2024 annual results of the Group.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   101
Report of the Directors



AUDITOR

The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been audited by Ernst & Young.

A resolution for re-appointing Ernst & Young as the auditor of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming annual
general meeting of the Company.

                                                                                              On Behalf of the Board
                                                                                                   Wu Yifang
                                                                                                   Chairman

Shanghai, PRC
25 March 2025




102 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Supervisory Committee Report

A. DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD, THE DAILY OPERATION OF THE SUPERVISORY
   COMMITTEE IS AS FOLLOWS:

   In 2024, the ninth sessions of the Supervisory Committee of the Company carried out the work diligently, lawfully and
   efficiently in accordance with the Articles of Association and the Procedural Rules of the Supervisory Committee:

   Supervisors attended relevant board meetings, and held 11 Supervisory Committee Meetings in 2024. Details are as
   follows:

   1.    On 9 January 2024, the first meeting of the ninth session of the Supervisory Committee in 2024 was convened to
         review and approve the resolution in relation to the unlocking of the first tranche of the restricted A Shares of the
         first grant under the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme.

   2.    On 26 March 2024, the second meeting of the ninth session of the Supervisory Committee in 2024 was convened
         to review and approve the 2023 Annual Report of the Group, the Working Report of the Supervisory Committee
         for 2023, the 2023 Internal Control Assessment Report and the Special Report of the Placement and Actual Use
         of the Proceeds in 2023.

   3.    On 29 April 2024, the third meeting of the ninth session of the Supervisory Committee in 2024 was convened to
         review and approve the 2024 First Quarterly Report of the Group.

   4.    On 14 May 2024, the fourth meeting of the ninth session of the Supervisory Committee in 2024 was convened
         to review and approve the resolution in relation to the amendments to the Procedural Rules of the Supervisory
         Committee appended to Articles of Association.

   5.    On 19 June 2024, the fifth meeting of the ninth session of the Supervisory Committee in 2024 was convened to
         review and approve the resolution in relation to the election of the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee.

   6.    On 9 July 2024, the sixth meeting of the ninth session of the Supervisory Committee in 2024 was convened to
         review and approve the resolution in relation to the temporary replenishment of working capital with some of the
         Idle Proceeds.

   7.    On 19 July 2024, the seventh meeting of the ninth session of the Supervisory Committee in 2024 was convened
         to review and approve the resolution in relation to the amendments to the Procedural Rules of the Supervisory
         Committee appended to Articles of Association.

   8.    On 29 July 2024, the eighth meeting of the ninth session of the Supervisory Committee in 2024 was convened
         to review and approve the resolution in relation to the subject of the additional projects funded by proceeds from
         the 2022 Non-Public Issuance.

   9.    On 7 August 2024, the ninth meeting of the ninth session of the Supervisory Committee in 2024 was convened
         to review and approve the resolution in relation to the repurchase and cancellation of certain restricted A Shares
         that are not yet unlocked.

   10.   On 27 August 2024, the tenth meeting of the ninth session of the Supervisory Committee in 2024 was convened
         to review and approve the 2024 Interim Report of the Group, the Special Report of the Placement and Actual Use
         of the Proceeds in the first half of 2024 of the Group and the 2024 Interim Internal Control Assessment Report.

   11.   On 29 October 2024, the eleventh meeting of the ninth session of the Supervisory Committee in 2024 was
         convened to review and approve the resolution in relation to the 2024 Third Quarterly Report of the Group.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   103
Supervisory Committee Report



B.   INDEPENDENT OPINION OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE ON THE LAWFUL
     OPERATION OF THE COMPANY

     The Supervisory Committee is of the view that, during the Reporting Period, the operation of the Company had been
     consistent with the provisions of the PRC Company Law, the PRC Securities Law and the Articles of Association; that
     the decision-making process of the Company had been in compliance with the laws, and the Company had established
     a relatively comprehensive internal control system; and that the Directors and senior management of the Company, in
     discharging their duties, had not violated any law, regulation or the Articles of Association, nor had they acted in a way
     which is prejudicial to the interests of the Company.

C.   INDEPENDENT OPINION OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE ON THE FINANCIAL
     POSITION OF THE GROUP

     The Supervisory Committee agrees with the audit opinion issued by Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP and Ernst & Young on
     the 2024 financial report of the Group.

D. INDEPENDENT OPINION OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE ON THE ACQUISITIONS
   OR DISPOSALS OF ASSETS BY THE GROUP

     The Supervisory Committee is of the view that the Group acquired and disposed of assets at reasonable prices, and it
     was not aware of any insider dealing or any act that was prejudicial to the interests of Shareholders or resulting in any
     loss of assets of the Group during the Reporting Period.

E.   INDEPENDENT OPINION OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE ON RELATED PARTY/
     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS OF THE GROUP

     The Supervisory Committee is of the view that the related party/connected transactions of the Group were fair, and
     were not prejudicial to the interests of the Group during the Reporting Period.

F.   REVIEW OF THE INTERNAL CONTROL ASSESSMENT REPORT BY THE SUPERVISORY
     COMMITTEE

     The Supervisory Committee has reviewed the 2024 Internal Control Assessment Report of the Group, and considers
     that, as at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group has established an appropriate internal control system in all
     material respects. During the Reporting Period, the internal control system has operated efficiently, which ensures the
     implementation of the internal control measures and the normal conduct of production and operation.

                                                                                      On Behalf of the Supervisory Committee
                                                                                                    Chen Bing
                                                                                                     Chairman
Shanghai, PRC
25 March 2025




104 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Corporate Governance Report

The Board hereby presents to the Shareholders the corporate governance report of the Group for the year ended 31
December 2024 (the “Corporate Governance Report”).

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

As a company whose shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Company
has strictly complied with relevant regulations, the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Shanghai Listing Rules and the Articles of
Association. The Company is committed to continuously improving its corporate governance structure, and optimizing its
internal management and control and its business operation in order to improve the corporate governance of the Company.

The Board believes that high corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Group to
safeguard the interests of Shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability, as well as the formulation of
corporate business strategy and policy outline.

The Company’s corporate governance practices are based on the principles and Code Provisions as set out in the CG Code
contained in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

The Board is of the view that throughout the Reporting Period, the Company had complied with all the applicable code
provisions as set out in the CG Code.

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules and formulated the
Written Code as its code of conduct regarding securities transactions.

Specific enquiries have been made to all the Directors, and the Directors have confirmed that they had complied with the
Model Code and the Written Code throughout the Reporting Period.

No incident of non-compliance of the Written Code by the Directors and relevant employees is noted by the Company.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Board constituted twelve members, including four executive Directors, four non-
executive Directors and four independent non-executive Directors.

The composition of the Board is as follows:

Executive Directors:
Mr. Wu Yifang ( 吳 以 芳 ) (Chairman)
Mr. Wang Kexin ( 王 可 心 ) (Co-Chairman)
Ms. Guan Xiaohui (關 曉 暉 ) (Vice Chairman)
Mr. Wen Deyong ( 文 德 鏞 ) (Chief Executive Officer)

Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Chen Qiyu ( 陳啟 宇 )
Mr. Xu Xiaoliang (徐 曉 亮 )
Mr. Pan Donghui (潘 東 輝 )
Mr. Chen Yuqing (陳 玉 卿 )




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   105
Corporate Governance Report



Independent non-executive Directors:
Ms. Li Ling ( 李 玲 )
Mr. Tang Guliang (湯 谷 良 )
Mr. Wang Quandi (王 全 弟 )
Mr. Yu Tze Shan Hailson ( 余 梓 山 )

Notes:

Mr. Yao Fang resigned as a non-executive Director on 30 June 2024.

Mr. Chen Yuqing was appointed as a non-executive Director at the first extraordinary general meeting of 2024 held on 27 September 2024. Mr. Chen Yuqing
has obtained the legal advice as at 27 September 2024 referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and confirms that he understands all the
obligations under the Hong Kong Listing Rules that are applicable to him as a director of a listed company and the consequences that may arise if he makes a
false statement or provides false information to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


Biographical information of the Directors is set out on pages 117 to 121 of this annual report.

The members of the Board do not have any relationship, including financial, business, family or other material or relevant
relationship, with each other.

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
During the Reporting Period, the positions of chairman and chief executive officer of the Company were served by Mr. Wu
Yifang and Mr. Wen Deyong, respectively. The chairman provides leadership and is responsible for the effective functioning
of the Board. The chief executive officer generally focuses on the business development and daily management and operation
of the Group. Their respective duties have been clearly defined in written form.

Independent Non-executive Directors
During the Reporting Period, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules relating to the
appointment of at least three independent non-executive directors with at least one of them possessing appropriate
professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise, and the independent non-executive
directors represent at least one-third of the Board.

The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect
of his/her independence in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. In accordance with the guidelines
for assessing independence set out therein, the Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors are
independent.

Appointment, Removal and Re-election of Directors
Directors shall have a term of office of three years and shall be entitled to be re-appointed when the term of office expires
provided that the term of office of independent non-executive Directors shall not exceed six years. The Company has entered
into a service contract with each executive Director and a letter of appointment with each non-executive Director and
independent non-executive Director for a term of three years of each session (unless otherwise required by relevant laws and
regulations). The appointment and removal of Directors shall be approved by Shareholders in the general meeting.




106 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Corporate Governance Report



Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and the Management
The Board is responsible for leading and overseeing the Group’s businesses, strategic decisions and performance and is
collectively responsible for promoting the development of the Group by directing and supervising its affairs. Directors shall
make decisions objectively in the interests of the Company.

All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of
valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective operation.

All Directors have timely access to all the information of the Company as well as the services and advice from the joint
company secretaries and senior management to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. The Directors
may also, upon request, seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expense for
discharging their duties to the Company.

The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them and the Board regularly reviews the
contribution required from each Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the Company.

The Board reserves for its decision as to all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal control
and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information,
appointment of directors and other significant operational matters of the Group. Responsibilities relating to implementing
decisions of the Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and management of the Group are delegated to the
senior management.

Continuous Professional Development of Directors
Directors shall keep abreast of responsibilities as a director and of the conduct, business activities and developments of the
Group. The Directors make full use of various channels to participate in trainings in respect of operations of listed companies
and continuously enhance their performance capabilities, including but not limited to various types of special training/forums
and continuous professional development courses, as well as the implementation briefings of regulatory communications/
listing rules published by each stock exchange where the Company is listed.

Every newly appointed Director will receive formal, comprehensive and tailored induction when he/she was first appointed to
ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Group and full awareness of his/her responsibilities
and obligations under the Hong Kong Listing Rules and relevant laws and regulations.

All Directors had participated in a continuous professional development program during the Reporting Period in order to
refresh their knowledge and skills to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant. All Directors
are encouraged to attend relevant training courses at the Company’s expense.

According to the records maintained by the Company, for the year ended 31 December 2024, all Directors received training
with an emphasis on the roles, functions and duties as a director of a listed company in compliance with the code provisions
relating to continuous professional development under the CG Code. In addition, relevant training, reading materials
and legal and regulatory updates have been provided to the Directors for their reference and studying. The continuous
professional development records of the Directors for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in the table on page 111
of this annual report.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   107
Corporate Governance Report



BOARD COMMITTEES

As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Board had established five committees, namely, Strategic Committee, Audit
Committee, Nomination Committee, Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and ESG Committee, for overseeing all aspects
of the Group’s affairs. All Board committees of the Company are established with defined written terms of reference. The
terms of reference of the Board committees are posted on the Company’s website (www.fosunpharma.com) and the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange’s website (www.hkexnews.hk) and are available to Shareholders upon request.

The majority of the members of each Board committee (except the Strategic Committee) are independent non-executive
Directors, and the list of the chairman and members of each Board committee is set out under “Corporate Information” on
page 2 of this annual report.

Strategic Committee
The primary responsibilities of the Strategic Committee are to research and advise on the strategic planning of the Group’s
medium and long-term development and major issues affecting the Group’s development, and to approve research reports
on development strategy.

During the Reporting Period, the Strategic Committee held 1 meeting to research and advise on the strategic planning of the
Group’s 2024-to-2034 period and medium and long-term development.

Audit Committee
The principal duties of the Audit Committee are to assist the Board to review the financial information and periodic reports,
to review and monitor internal control procedures and its risk management system, to review and monitor the effectiveness
of the internal audit function, to review and inspect the appointment and removal of external auditors, to formulate and
review the Company’s corporate governance and practices, and to make recommendations on the above matters.

During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee held 12 meetings to review periodic reports, audit plan, internal control
implementation, major and ongoing related party/connected transactions, and the Group’s Code of Business Ethics and its
implementation, and make recommendations to the Group on strengthening the internal control system.

During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee also held 2 meetings with the external auditors without the presence of
the executive Directors.




108 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Corporate Governance Report



Nomination Committee
The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include reviewing the Board composition, developing and formulating
relevant procedures for the nomination and appointment of Directors and senior management, making recommendations to
the Board on the appointment and succession planning of Directors and senior management, assessing the independence of
independent non-executive Directors and reviewing the training and continuous professional development of Directors and
senior management.

The Board has adopted a Director nomination policy, setting out the standards and procedures for nomination and
appointment of directors, to ensure the members of the Board have the skills, knowledge, experience and diversity that
meet the business requirements of the Group and to ensure the continuity of the Board and maintain its leadership, for
the nomination of candidates for directorship of the Company by making reference to the skills, experience, professional
knowledge and qualification, personal integrity and time commitments of such individuals, the Group’s needs and other
relevant statutory requirements and regulations.

During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee held 3 meetings to discuss, review and make recommendations to
the Board on matters relating to the selection and/or re-appointment of Directors and senior management of the Company (including
diversity-related matters). The Nomination Committee considered an appropriate balance of diversity of the Board had been
maintained.

Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
The primary duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee include formulating, reviewing and making
recommendations to the Board on the remuneration policy and structure for Directors and senior management, reviewing
the performance of duties by Directors and senior management as well as reviewing their annual performance appraisal and
remuneration packages.

During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held 3 meetings to review the implementation
of performance appraisal and remuneration packages of the Directors and senior management of the Company during the
prior year and the appraisal plan for the current year, to discuss and review the matters related to the unlocking, repurchase
and cancellation of restricted A Shares under the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme and the vesting and forfeiture of
units under the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme of the Company, and to make recommendations to the Board.
The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is of the view that the implementation of the Restricted A Share Incentive
Scheme and the H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme during the Reporting Period has contributed to promote the
establishment and improvement of the incentive and restraint mechanism of the Group, fully mobilize the enthusiasm of the
Directors and senior management personnel of the Company and employees of the Group, effectively align the interests of
the Company and Shareholders with the interests of the participants to focus the long-term development and achieve the
development goals of the Group.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   109
Corporate Governance Report



ESG Committee
The primary duties of the ESG Committee include formulating the ESG vision, targets, strategies and structure and reviewing
the implementation of the ESG vision, strategies and structure, evaluating the external and internal impacts of ESG efforts,
obtaining feedbacks on ESG efforts from internal and external consultants or experts, reviewing the reports on relevant
results, reviewing the progress of the fulfillment of ESG goals, and making recommendations on the improvement for ESG
efforts in the next phase.

During the Reporting Period, the ESG Committee held 2 meetings to review the 2023 ESG and Sustainability Report and the
working plan for the 2024 ESG and Sustainability Report of the Group, and make recommendations to the Board.

Independent Non-Executive Director Special Meeting Mechanism
During the Reporting Period, the Company established a special meeting mechanism for independent non-executive Directors (the
“INED Special Committee”) to create a platform for independent non-executive Directors to fulfill their duties. This initiative
actively leverages their professional expertise and advantages to promote the Company’s standardized operations and
informed decision-making. The primary duties of the INED Special Committee include independently engaging intermediary
institutions to conduct audits, consultations, or verifications on specific matters of the Company, and reviewing notifiable
connected/related party transactions, etc.

During the Reporting Period, the INED Special Committee held 11 meetings to review notifiable connected/related party
transactions, thereby promoting the Company’s standardized operations and protecting Shareholders‘ interests.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE RESPONSIBILITIES

The Board is responsible for performing the functions as set out in Code Provision A.2.1 of the CG Code to ensure that the
Company has established comprehensive corporate governance practices and procedures. During the Reporting Period, the
Board:

(1)   established (modified) and reviewed the corporate governance policies and practices of the Company as well as made
      relevant recommendations;

(2)   reviewed and monitored the training and continuous development of the Directors and senior management;

(3)   reviewed and monitored the policies and practices of the Company regarding the compliance of relevant legal and
      regulatory requirements;

(4)   established (modified), reviewed and monitored the code of conduct for Directors and employees; and

(5)   reviewed as to whether the Company has complied with the CG Code and made disclosures in the Corporate
      Governance Report.




110 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Corporate Governance Report



ATTENDANCE RECORD OF DIRECTORS AND COMMITTEE MEMBERS

The attendance record of each Director at the Board meetings and Board committee meetings of the Company held for the
year ended 31 December 2024 is set out in the table below:

                                                                 Attendance/Number of Meetings
                                                                             Remuneration                                                    Continuous
                                               Strategic   Audit Nomination and Appraisal      ESG                              General     Professional
Name of Directors                      Board Committee Committee Committee     Committee Committee                              Meeting(1) Development


Executive Directors
Mr. Wu Yifang                           26/26         1/1(C)                                                          2/2(M)            4/4                 
Mr. Wang Kexin(2)                       26/26         1/1(M)                                                                            4/4                 
Ms. Guan Xiaohui                        26/26                                                                        2/2 (M)            3/4                 
Mr. Wen Deyong                          26/26                                                                                           4/4                 

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Chen Qiyu                           26/26         1/1(M)                                           3/3(M)                           3/4                 
Mr. Xu Xiaoliang                        26/26         1/1(M)                                                                            0/4                 
Mr. Pan Donghui                         26/26                                       3/3(M)             3/3(M)                           4/4                 
Mr. Chen Yuqing(3)                        5/5                                                                                           1/1                 
Mr. Yao Fang(4)                         11/11         0/0(M)                                                                            0/3                 

Independent Non-executive
  Directors
Ms. Li Ling                             26/26         1/1(M)      12/12(M)          3/3(M)                           2/2(M)             4/4                 
Mr. Tang Guliang                        26/26                     12/12(C)                             3/3(M)                           3/4                 
Mr. Wang Quandi                         26/26                     12/12(M)           3/3(C)            3/3(M)        2/2 (M)            4/4                 
Mr. Yu Tsz Shan Hailson                 26/26                                                          3/3(C)         2/2(C)            3/4                 


Notes:

(1)      During the Reporting Period, the Company held a total of 4 general meetings, including 1 annual general meeting, 1 extraordinary general meeting, 1 A
         Shareholders class meeting and 1 H Shareholders class meeting.

(2)      Mr. Wang Kexin was appointed as a member of the Strategic Committee on 1 July 2024. During his term of office in the Reporting Period, he was
         required to attend 1 meeting of the Strategic Committee.

(3)      Mr. Chen Yuqing was appointed as a non-executive Director on 27 September 2024. During his term of office in the Reporting Period, he was required to
         attend 5 Board meetings and attended 1 general meeting.

(4)      Mr. Yao Fang resigned as a non-executive Director on 30 June 2024. During his term of office in the Reporting Period, he was required to attend 11
         Board meetings, 0 meeting of the Strategic Committee and 3 general meetings.

(5)      (C) – Chairman of the committee; (M) – Committee member.


During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company convened a meeting among the chairman and independent non-
executive Directors only without the presence of other Directors.




                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024        111
Corporate Governance Report



DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31
December 2024. The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast
significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. The statement of the independent auditors of the
Company about their reporting responsibilities on the financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditors’ Report on
pages 130 to 134.

AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION

The remuneration paid to the external auditors of the Company in respect of audit services for the annual report for the year
ended 31 December 2024 amounted to RMB4.66 million. There is no remuneration paid to external auditors in respect of
significant non-audit services.

INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board, particularly the Audit Committee, is responsible for maintaining sound and effective internal control systems in
order to safeguard the Group’s assets and interests of shareholders of the Company, and reviewing and monitoring the
effectiveness of the Group’s internal control and risk management systems on a regular basis in order to ensure that the
internal control and risk management systems in place are adequate. The Company conducts reviews of the effectiveness of
the internal control systems on a regular basis in order to ensure that they are able to satisfy and deal with different scenarios
and the dynamic business environment.

During the Reporting Period, the Board and the Audit Committee, conducted annual review of the effectiveness on the
internal control system of the Group, including review of all the Group’s material controls, including financial operations and
compliance controls and risk management functions, as well as review of the adequacy of accounting, internal audit, financial
reporting functions, as well as resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programs and budget relating to the
Group’s ESG performance and reporting.

Through years of optimization, the Group proactively promoted the continuous improvement of internal control management
system in terms of internal environment, risk assessment, activity control, information and communication, as well as internal
supervision. Meanwhile, through internal inspection and supervision, communication and feedback, the Group can ensure the
effective implementation of relevant administrative rules, smooth communication of feedback received, discovery of defaults
and timely rectification. During the Reporting Period, the Group has maintained effective internal control in accordance with
rules under laws and regulations and requirements of internal control. Operations were conducted normally, orderly and
effectively.

In respect of the procedures for handling and announcement of inside information and internal control measures, the
Company is required to disclose inside information as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with the SFO and the
Hong Kong Listing Rules; strictly follow the “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information” issued by the Securities and
Futures Commission in handling its affairs; the Company has also adopted the Management System for Person Accessing
to Inside Information, aiming to further regulate the management of inside information and person accessing to inside
information.

The Board believes that existing internal control system was adequate and effective during the Reporting Period.




112 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Corporate Governance Report



JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

Ms. Kam Mei Ha, Wendy has ceased to be the joint company secretary and the authorized representative of the Company as
she has reached the age of retirement, with effect from 27 August 2024. Ms. Chan Sau Ling has been appointed as the joint
company secretary and the authorized representative of the Company with effect from 27 August 2024.

As at the end of the Reporting Period, Ms. Dong Xiaoxian and Ms. Chan Sau Ling of Tricor Services Limited, an external
service provider, were the joint company secretaries of the Company. The primary contact person for Ms. Chan Sau Ling
was Ms. Dong Xiaoxian, who was a vice president, secretary to the Board and a joint company secretary of the Company.
During the Reporting Period, both Ms. Dong Xiaoxian and Ms. Chan Sau Ling attended no less than 15 hours of professional
training.

DIVERSITY

The Company adopted the Board Diversity Policy, which has been made available on the Company’s website (www.
fosunpharma.com). The Nomination Committee, in nominating and appointing new Board members, shall consider a range
of diversity perspectives pursuant to the Policy, including but not limited to gender, age, culture and education background,
professional experience, skills, knowledge and term of service, and make the final decision based on the merits and
contribution that the candidate will bring to the Board. When nominating a successive director, the Nomination Committee
will also adopt measures, including taking into consideration of the gender of the former director and successive director,
to ensure the gender diversity of the Board. The Nomination Committee will review the Policy from time to time to ensure
its continued effectiveness. The Nomination Committee viewed that during the Reporting Period, the relevant diversity
elements have been substantially included into the Board composition. An analysis of the Board’s diversity as at the end of
the Reporting Period is set out as follows:

                              12
                                                             ≥65           Doctoral
                                      Female
                                                           years old        degree
                                        (2)
                                                              (2)             (2)
                                                  ED
                              10                  (4)

                                                                                          ≥48 months
                                                                                              (6)

                                  8                         55–64




            Number of Directors
                                                           years old
                                                              (5)

                                                                           Master’s
                                                 NED                       degree
                                  6               (4)                        (7)



                                      Male
                                      (10)
                                  4                                                       ≥24 months
                                                                                              and
                                                                                          <48 months
                                                            45–54                              (5)
                                                 INED      years old
                                                              (5)
                                  2               (4)
                                                                          Bachelor’s
                                                                           degree
                                                                             (3)
                                                                                          <24 months
                                                                                              (1)
                                  0
                                      Gender   Capacity   Age group      Education     Length of service
                                                                        background        on Board




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   113
Corporate Governance Report



The Company also adopted the Diversity Policy of Employees to protect employees free from race, color, gender, religion,
nationality, disability, marital status, retirement status, sexual orientation, gender identity or other legally protected status in
the search for employment, compensation, and advancement. In order to ensure the diversity of the Board and employees,
the Group has taken diversity into account when appointing directors, selecting senior management or recruiting employees.
Taking gender diversity as an example, as at the end of the Reporting Period, the ratio of male to female staff (including
senior management) of the Group was approximately 49.73% : 50.27%. The Board is of the view that as at the end of the
Reporting Period, the Group has achieved gender diversity among its employees.

RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDERS

To safeguard the interests and rights of the Shareholders, a separate resolution is proposed for each substantially separate
issue at the shareholders’ general meetings, including the election of individual Directors. All resolutions put forward at the
shareholders’ general meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Hong Kong Listing Rules except where the chairman
of the meeting, in good faith, decides to allow a resolution which relates merely to a procedural or administrative matter to
be voted on by a show of hands, and poll results will be posted on the website of the Company (www.fosunpharma.com)
and the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) after each the shareholders’ general meeting.

(1)   Shareholder’s Requests to Convene an Extraordinary General Meeting
      Pursuant to Article 64 of the Articles of Association, if Shareholders require the convening of an extraordinary general
      meeting or a class general meeting, the following procedures shall be followed:

      (i)     Shareholder(s) individually or jointly holding more than ten percent (10%) of the Company’s shares shall have the
              right to make a request to the Board for the holding of an extraordinary general meeting, which request shall be
              in writing. The Board shall, in accordance with the laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association,
              make a written response as to whether or not it agrees that an extraordinary general meeting should be held
              within ten (10) days after receipt of such request.

      (ii)    If the Board agrees to convene an extraordinary general meeting, it shall serve a notice of such shareholders’
              general meeting within five (5) days after the resolution has been made by the Board. Any change to the original
              proposal set forth in the notice shall be subject to approval by the relevant Shareholders.

      (iii)   If the Board does not agree to convene an extraordinary general meeting or fails to give a written reply within ten
              (10) days after receipt of the request, the Shareholder(s) individually or jointly holding more than ten percent (10%)
              of shares of the Company shall have the right to request the Supervisory Committee to convene an extraordinary
              general meeting, and shall put forward such request to the Supervisory Committee in writing.

      (iv)    If the Supervisory Committee agrees to convene an extraordinary general meeting, it shall serve a notice of such
              shareholders’ general meeting within five (5) days after receipt of the said request. In the event of any change to
              the original request set forth in the notice, the consent of the relevant Shareholders shall be obtained.

      (v)     If the Supervisory Committee fails to serve the notice of such shareholders’ general meeting within the prescribed
              period, it shall be deemed as having failed to convene and preside over the shareholders’ general meeting, and
              the Shareholder(s) individually or jointly holding more than ten percent (10%) of the shares of the Company for
              over ninety (90) consecutive days may convene and preside over the meeting on their own, the procedures for
              convening such meeting shall follow those for convening a shareholders’ general meeting by the Board as closely
              as practicable.




114 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Corporate Governance Report



      (vi)   When the Shareholders convene a shareholders’ general meeting as the Board has failed to convene the meeting
             pursuant to the aforesaid provision, the reasonable expense incurred shall be borne by the Company and shall be
             deducted from the outstanding amounts payable by the Company to the defaulting Directors.

(2)   Proposals of Shareholders’ General Meetings
      Pursuant to Article 69 of the Articles of Association, Shareholder(s) individually or jointly holding more than one percent (1%)
      of the shares of the Company shall have the right to propose motions to the Company, and the Company shall include
      in the agenda of the said shareholders’ general meeting the matters of the said motions falling within the functions
      and powers of shareholders’ general meetings. In addition, Shareholder(s) individually or jointly holding more than one
      percent (1%) of the shares of the Company may submit written provisional motion(s) to the convener ten (10) days
      before a shareholders’ general meeting is convened. The convener shall serve a supplementary notice of shareholders’
      general meeting within two (2) days after receipt of the motion(s) and announce the contents thereof.

(3)   Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board
      If any shareholder wants to raise any enquiries to the Board, such Shareholder may send written enquiries to the
      Company.

      Note: The Company normally does not deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.


(4)   Primary Contact Persons
      Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the Company by means of facsimile, email or
      post. The details of contact are as follows:

      Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
      Address: Building A, No. 1289 Yishan Road, Shanghai, China
      Fax: 8621-33987871
      Email: ir@fosunpharma.com

      For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholders must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition, notice,
      statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address, apart from the registered office of the Company in
      Hong Kong, and provide their full name, contact details and identification in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders’
      information will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024    115
Corporate Governance Report



COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS/INVESTOR RELATIONS

The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and
investors’ understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company endeavors to maintain an on-
going dialogue with Shareholders and in particular, through annual general meetings and other shareholders’ general
meetings of the Company.

As illustrated above, the Company has listed the rights of shareholders of the Company and the channels for shareholders to
express or solicit opinions from shareholders, so that shareholders can understand their rights and how to exercise them. The
Company also reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholder communication policy during the Reporting
Period. Based on the results of the review, the Board is of the opinion that the Shareholders’ Communication Policy has been
properly implemented and effective during the year.

In light of, among other things, the newly revised PRC Company Law (effective from 1 July 2024), the abolition of the Special
Regulations of the State Council on the Overseas Offering and Listing of Shares by Joint Stock Limited Companies (《國務院
關 於 股 份 有 限 公 司 境 外 募 集 股 份 及 上 市 的 特 別 規定》                 ) and the Mandatory Provisions for Companies Listing Overseas (《到
境 外 上 市 公 司 章 程 必 備 條 款》         ) on 31 March 2023, the formulation and issuance of the Measures for the Administration of
Independent Directors of Listed Companies (《上 市 公司獨立董事管理辦法》) and the recent amendments to the Regulatory
                                                                           《上市公司監管指引第3號—上市公司現金分紅》
Guidelines for Listed Companies No. 3 – Cash Dividends of Listed Companies (                                                   )
(effective from 15 December 2023) and the Guidelines for the Articles of Association of Listed Companies (《上市公司章程指引》           )
(effective from 15 December 2023) by the CSRC, and certain recent amendments to the Listing Rules, as well as taking into
account the actual conditions of the Company, at the 2024 first extraordinary general meeting held on 27 September 2024,
the Company considered and approved a resolution on the amendments to the Articles of Association and its Appendices (including
deletions and additions of certain clauses) (for details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 19 July
2024, the circular dated 19 August 2024). Based on the authorization granted at the 2022 second extraordinary general
meeting, the 2022 second A Shareholders class meeting and the 2022 second H Shareholders class meeting of the Company,
the Board approved the resolution in relation to the amendments to Article 19 and Article 20 to the Articles of Association on
10 October 2024. The latest version of the Articles of Association is available at the Company’s website (www.fosunpharma.
com) and the website of Hong Kong Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk).

To promote effective communication, the Company maintains an official website at www.fosunpharma.com, where
information and updates on the Group’s business developments and operation, financial information, corporate governance
practices and other information are available for public access.




116 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Biographical Details of Directors,
Supervisors and Senior Management

DIRECTORS

Mr. Wu Yifang (吳 以 芳 ), aged 55, was appointed as an executive Director of the Company in August 2016 and the
chairman of the Company in October 2020. Mr. Wu joined the Group in April 2004 and served as a senior vice president,
chief operating officer, president, chief executive officer and other positions of the Company. Mr. Wu is currently a non-
executive director of Sisram Medical (stock code: 01696), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, a non-
executive director of Shanghai Henlius (stock code: 02696), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and a senior
vice president of Fosun International (stock code: 00656), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Mr. Wu was
the chairman of the supervisory committee of Sinopharm (stock code: 01099), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange, and a non-executive director of Gland Pharma (stock code: GLAND), a company listed on the BSE and the NSE.
Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Wu served at Xuzhou Biochemical Pharmaceutical Factory* (徐州生物化學製藥廠), Xuzhou
(Wanbang) Biopharmaceuticals Manufactures Plant* ( 徐州(萬邦) 生物化學製藥廠), and Xuzhou Wanbang Biochemical
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (徐 州 萬 邦 生 化 製 藥 有 限公司) and Fosun Wanbang (where Xuzhou Biochemical Pharmaceutical
Factory* (徐州生物化學製藥廠), Xuzhou (Wanbang) Biopharmaceuticals Manufactures Plant* (徐州(萬邦)生物化學製藥廠)
and Xuzhou Wanbang Biochemical Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* ( 徐州萬邦生化製藥有限公司) were predecessors of Fosun
Wanbang, a subsidiary of the Company). Mr. Wu is currently a deputy to the 14th People’s Congress of Jiangsu province,
an executive member of China Society for Drug Regulation (中國藥品監督管理研究會), a vice chairman of China News of
Drug Information Association (中 國 醫 藥 新 聞 信 息協會), a vice chairman of China Pharmaceutical Enterprise Association
(中 國 醫 藥 企 業 管 理 協 會 ), a vice chairman of China Pharmaceutical Industry Association (中國化學製藥工業協會), an
honorary President chairman of China Non-prescription Medicines Association (中國非處方藥物協會), a vice chairman of
the Shanghai Pharmaceutical Profession Association (上海醫藥行業協會), and a vice chairman of the China Association
of Enterprises with Foreign Investment (中 國 外 商 投資企業協會). Mr. Wu graduated from Nanjing University of Science
and Technology majoring in international commerce and obtained a master’s degree in business administration from Saint
Joseph’s University in the U.S.

Mr. Wang Kexin (王 可 心 ), aged 60, was appointed as an executive Director of the Company in December 2021 and
the co-chairman of the Company in June 2022. Mr. Wang joined the Group in June 2010 and served as a vice president, a
senior vice president, the co-president and chief investment officer, the vice chairman and other positions of the Company.
Mr. Wang is currently a senior vice president of Fosun International (stock code: 00656), a company listed on the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Wang served as the deputy general manager of Sea Rainbow Holding
Corporation* (海 虹 控 股 醫 藥 電 子 商 務 有 限 公 司 ), the marketing director of Kunming Pharmaceutical Group Corporation
Limited* (昆 明 製 藥 集 團 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) (stock code: 600422), a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange, the general
manager of Kunming Pharmaceutical Retail Company Limited* ( 昆明製藥藥品銷售有限公司), the general manager of
Beijing Huali Jiuzhou Medical Company Limited* ( 北京華立九州醫藥有限公司), the vice president of Chongqing Huali
Pharmaceutical Industry Company Limited* ( 重 慶華立藥業股份有限公司) (former stock code: 000607), a company
formerly listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, and the chairman of Beijing Tianren Hexin Pharmaceutical Company Limited* (北
京 天 仁 合 信 醫 藥 經 營 有 限 責 任 公 司 ). Mr. Wang is a deputy to the 14th People’s Congress of Liaoning province. Mr.
Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree of medicine from Shenyang Pharmaceutical University (formerly known as Shenyang
Pharmaceutical College).




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   117
Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management



Ms. Guan Xiaohui ( 關 曉 暉 ), aged 53, was appointed as an executive Director of the Company in December 2021 and the
vice chairman of the Company in January 2022. Ms. Guan joined the Group in May 2000 and served as the assistant to the
president, general manager of the financial department, chief accountant, vice president and chief accountant, senior vice
president and chief financial officer, the executive president, chief financial officer and other positions of the Company. Ms.
Guan is currently a non-executive director of Shanghai Henlius (stock code: 02696), a company listed on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange, the chairman of the supervisory committee of Sinopharm (stock code: 01099), a company listed on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and a vice-president of Fosun International (stock code: 00656), a company listed on the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange. Ms. Guan served as a non-executive director of Sinopharm (stock code: 01099), a company listed on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and a non-executive director of Gland Pharma (stock code: GLAND), a company listed on the
BSE and the NSE. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Guan worked at Jiangxi Branch of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China.
Ms. Guan obtained a bachelor's degree in economics from Jiangxi University of Finance and Economics, and a master's
degree of professional accountancy from Chinese University of Hong Kong. Ms. Guan has the qualifications of a Chinese
Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and is a member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA).

Mr. Wen Deyong ( 文 德 鏞 ), aged 53, was appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company in June 2022 and an
executive Director of the Company in August 2022. Mr. Wen joined the Group in May 2002. He worked several positions
including a vice president, a senior vice president, the co-president and the president of the Company. Mr. Wen is currently
a non-executive director of Shanghai Henlius (stock code: 02696), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, a
non-executive director of Sinopharm (stock code: 01099), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, a director of
China National Medicines Corporation Ltd.* (國 藥 集團藥業股份有限公司) (stock code: 600511), a company listed on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange, and the chairman of the supervisory committee of China National Accord Medicines Corporation
Ltd. (stock code: 000028), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. Mr. Wen was a director of Anhui Sunhere
Pharmaceutical Excipients Co., Ltd.* (安 徽 山 河 藥 用輔料股份有限公司) (stock code: 300452), a company listed on the
Shenzhen Stock Exchange. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Wen worked at Chongqing Yaoyou Factory VI* ( 重慶製藥六廠),
the predecessor of Chongqing Yaoyou Pharmacy Co., Ltd.* (重慶藥友製藥有限責任公司), a subsidiary of the Company.
Mr. Wen is currently a deputy of the 16th People’s Congress of Shanghai Municipality, a vice president of Shanghai Licensed
Pharmacist Association (上 海 執 業 藥 師 協 會 ), a vice president of China Association of Pharmaceutical Commerce ( 中國醫藥
商 業 協 會 ), and a member of Chinese Preventive Medicine Association (中華預防醫學會). Mr. Wen graduated from West
China University of Medical Science majoring in pharmacy, which is now known as West China Medical Center of Sichuan
University, and obtained a master’s degree in business administration from Donghua University.




118 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management



Mr. Chen Qiyu ( 陳 啟 宇 ), aged 52, was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Company in October 2020. Mr. Chen
served as a secretary to the Board, general manager, vice chairman, executive Director, chairman and other positions of the
Company from April 1994 to October 2020. Mr. Chen is currently the chairman of Fosun High Tech, an executive director
and a co-chief executive officer of Fosun International (stock code: 00656), a non-executive director and vice chairman
of Sinopharm (stock code: 01099) and a non-executive director of Shanghai Henlius (stock code: 02696), all of which are
companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Mr. Chen was a non-executive director of Babytree Group (former
stock code: 01761, delisted from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in December 2024), a co-chairman of the board of New
Frontier Health Corporation (former stock code: NFH), which was delisted from the New York Stock Exchange in January
2022 and merged into Unicorn II Holdings Limited, and a director of Beijing Sanyuan Foods Co., Ltd.* (北京三元食品股份
有 限 公 司 ) (stock code: 600429), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and a non-executive director of Gland
Pharma (stock code: GLAND), a company listed on the BSE and the NSE, from October 2017 to August 2024. Mr. Chen is a
member of the 14th Standing Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference of Shanghai Municipality,
chairman of Shanghai Federation of Industry and Commerce Biomedical Chamber of Commerce (上海市工商聯生物醫
藥 商 會 會 長 ), the chairman of China Medical Pharmaceutical Material Association (中國醫藥物資協會), vice president
of China Pharmaceutical Industry Research and Development Association ( 中國醫藥創新促進會), honorary chairman and
chief supervisor of the Shanghai Biopharmaceutical Industry Association (上海市生物醫藥行業協會) and a part-time vice
chairman of Shanghai Federation of Industry and Commerce (General Chamber of Commerce) (上海市工商業聯合會( 總
商 會 )). Mr. Chen obtained a bachelor’s degree of science in genetics from Fudan University and EMBA from China Europe
International Business School.

Mr. Xu Xiaoliang ( 徐 曉 亮 ), aged 51, was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Company in June 2019. Mr. Xu is
currently a director and general manager of Fosun High Tech, an executive director and co-chief executive officer of Fosun
International (stock code: 00656), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, an executive director and chairman
of Fosun Tourism (former stock code: 01992, delisted from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in March 2025), a director of
Yuyuan (stock code: 600655), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and a director of Shanghai Foyo Culture
& Entertainment Co., Ltd.* ( 上 海 復 娛 文 化 傳 播 股份有限公司) (delisted from NEEQ in April 2021). Mr. Xu was a non-
executive director and vice chairman of Zhaojin Mining Industry Company Limited* ( 招金礦業股份有限公司) (stock code:
01818), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, a director of Shanghai Resource Property Consulting Co., Ltd.* (上
海 策 源 置 業 顧 問 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) (delisted from NEEQ in December 2020), and a director of Hainan Mining Co., Ltd.* ( 海南
礦 業 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) (stock code: 601969), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. Mr. Xu is currently a deputy
of the 16th People’s Congress of Shanghai Municipality, and the chairman of the Shanghai International Fashion Federation
(上 海 國 際 時 尚 聯 合 會 ), Mr. Xu graduated from Innova Education School of Singapore with a diploma, obtained a master’s
degree in business administration from the East China Normal University and EMBA from Fudan University.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   119
Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management



Mr. Pan Donghui ( 潘 東 輝 ), aged 55, was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Company in June 2020. Mr. Pan is
currently the executive president and chief human resources officer and executive director of Fosun International (stock code:
00656), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Mr. Pan is also currently a non-executive director of Fosun Tourism (former
stock code: 01992, delisted from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in March 2025), and a director of Shanghai Foyo Culture
& Entertainment Co., Ltd.* ( 上 海 復 娛 文 化 傳 播 股份有限公司) (delisted from NEEQ in April 2021). Mr. Pan was a director
and chairman of the supervisory committee of Shanghai Ganglian E-Commerce Holdings Co., Ltd.* (上海鋼聯電子商務股
份 有 限 公 司 ) (stock code: 300226), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. Mr. Pan worked at Zhejiang Ningbo
Tiandi Group Co., Ltd.* (浙 江 寧 波 天 地 集 團 股 份 有限公司, now known as Ningbo Tiandi (Group) Co., Ltd.* (寧波天地(集
團 ) 股 份 有 限 公 司 )). Mr. Pan obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering from Shanghai Jiaotong University, and a master’s
degree in business administration from the University of Southern California in the U.S.

Mr. Chen Yuqing (陳 玉 卿 ), aged 49, was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Company in September 2024.
Mr Chen is currently the vice president of the Fosun International Limited (stock code: 00656), a company listed on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the chairman of Fosun Health, a subsidiary of the Company, and holds directorships in certain
subsidiaries of Fosun Health. Mr. Chen held several the positions of assistant president and general manager of human
resources, vice president, senior vice president, co-president and co-chief executive officer of the Company from January
2010 to June 2023, among others. Previously before October 2009, Mr. Chen had been a teacher at the School of Materials
of Shanghai University, the human resources manager of each of Yanfeng Visteon Automotive Trim Systems Co., Ltd* (延
鋒 偉 世 通 汽 車 飾 件 系 統 有 限 公 司 ) (now renamed as Yanfeng Automotive Trim Systems Co., Ltd.* (延鋒汽車飾件系統
有 限 公 司 )), Yanfeng Visteon (Beijing) Automotive Trim Systems Co., Ltd.* (延鋒偉世通( 北京) 汽車飾件系統有限公司)
and Shanghai Yanfeng Johnson Controls Seating Co., Ltd.* (上海延鋒江森座椅有限公司), the development manager of
the human resources department of Shanghai Alison (Group) Co., Ltd.* (上海埃力生( 集團) 有限公司), the Central China
human resources manager of Schindler China Elevator Co. Ltd.* (迅達( 中國) 電梯有限公司), the senior human resources
integration manager of Global Mart Limited* ( 購 寶 商業集團), and the chief human resources director of Kubao Information
Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.* ( 酷 寶 信 息 技 術 (上海) 有限公司). Mr. Chen obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering
from Shanghai University.

Ms. Li Ling ( 李 玲), aged 63, was appointed as the Company’s independent non-executive Director in June 2019. As an
expert in health economics, Ms. Li is experienced in research in areas such as medical and health policy, health economics,
economics of ageing and economic growth, and has published many research outcomes. Ms. Li is currently an economics
professor and a Ph.D. supervisor of National School of Development at Peking University, the director of Research Center
of China Healthy Development at Peking University and concurrently serves as an independent non-executive director of
JD Health International Inc.* ( 京 東 健 康 股 份 有 限 公 司) (stock code: 06618), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange. Ms. Li served as a lecturer at Wuhan University, an assistant to professor and an associate professor with tenure
at the Department of Economics of Towson University, as well as a deputy director, an economics professor and a Ph.D.
supervisor at China Center for Economic Research of Peking University. Ms. Li is also a member of the State Council Health
Reform Advisory Commission, an advisor to the Beijing Municipal Government, and a vice chairman of the China Association
of Gerontology and Geriatrics (中 國 老 年 學 和 老 年醫學學會). Ms. Li obtained a bachelor’s degree in physics from Wuhan
University, and obtained a master’s degree and a doctoral degree in economics from University of Pittsburgh in the U.S.




120 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management



Mr. Tang Guliang ( 湯 谷 良 ), aged 62, was appointed as the Company’s independent non-executive Director in June 2019.
As an expert in financial accounting, Mr. Tang has extensive experience in management accounting, corporate investment
and financing, group management and control, and corporate finance and accounting digital transformation, and has
published many research outcomes. Mr. Tang is currently a professor at the Department of Economics of International
Business School of University of International Business and Economics, and concurrently served as an independent director of
Jointown Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.* ( 九 州 通 醫藥集團股份有限公司) (stock code: 600998), a company listed on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange, an independent director of Chongqing Changan Automobile Company Limited* ( 重慶長安汽車
股 份 有 限 公 司 ) (stock code: 000625), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, an independent director of Three
Gorges Capital Holdings Co., Ltd.*(三 峽 資 本 控 股有限責任公司), an independent director of JIC Leasing Co., Ltd.* ( 中
建 投 租 賃 股 份 有 限 公 司 ). Mr. Tang was an assistant lecturer, lecturer, associate professor and professor at the Accounting
Department of Beijing Business School (currently Beijing Technology and Business University), the dean and professor at
School of Accounting of Beijing Technology and Business University, and the dean of International Business School of
University of International Business and Economics. He also served an independent director of Appotronics Corporation
Limited* (深 圳 光 峰 科 技 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) (stock code: 688007), a company listed on the STAR Market of the Shanghai Stock
Exchange. Mr. Tang is a non-practicing member of The Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Tang obtained
a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Beijing Business School (currently Beijing Technology and Business University), a
master’s degree in accounting from Beijing Business School, and a doctoral degree in finance from Chinese Academy of Fiscal
Sciences under the Ministry of Finance.

Mr. Wang Quandi (王 全 弟 ), aged 74, was appointed as the Company’s independent non-executive Director in June 2021.
As a legal expert, Mr. Wang has published major works and papers such as General Principles to Civil Law (民法總論),
Law of Obligations (債 法 ) and Property Law (物 權法). Mr. Wang is currently an independent director of Shandong Bohui
Paper Industrial Co., LTD* (山 東 博 匯 紙 業 股 份 有 限公司) (stock code: 600966), a listed company on the Shanghai Stock
Exchange. Mr. Wang taught at Fudan University Law School for more than 30 years, with the professional field of law (civil
and commercial law). Mr. Wang was an arbitrator at the Shanghai Arbitration Commission. Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor
degree in law from Jilin University.

Mr. Yu Tze Shan Hailson ( 余 梓 山 ), aged 68, was appointed as the Company’s independent non-executive Director in
June 2021. As an expert in the authorization and transformation of scientific and technological achievements, Mr. Yu has
extensive experience in biopharmaceuticals, Chinese medicine, patent and authorization, venture capital investment, systems
engineering and computer engineering. Mr. Yu is currently an independent non-executive director of China Traditional
Chinese Medicine Holdings Co., Ltd.* ( 中 國 中 藥 控股有限公司) (stock code: 00570) and an independent non-executive
director of China NT Pharma Group Company Limited* ( 中國泰淩醫藥集團有限公司) (stock code: 01011), both of which
are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and is also a director of Innovation & Entrepreneurship of Macau University of
Science and Technology. Mr. Yu was an independent non-executive director of Sinopharm (stock code: 01099), a company
listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Mr. Yu was the deputy managing director of Versitech Limited and deputy
director of Technology Transfer Office of the University of Hong Kong from February 1998 to September 2022, and served
as the chief operating officer of HKU Innovation Holdings Limited from April 2020 to September 2022. Mr. Yu currently is a
Chartered Engineer, fellow of each of the Institution of Engineering and Technology, the Hong Kong Institution of Engineers,
the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators and Hong Kong Institute of Arbitrators, and a member of the expert audit committee
of Logistics and Supply Chain MultiTech R&D Centre. Mr. Yu obtained a bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering from
the University of Calgary, a master’s degree in Engineering from the University of Hong Kong, and a master’s degree in
Arbitration and Dispute Resolution from City University of Hong Kong.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   121
Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management



SUPERVISORS

Mr. Chen Bing ( 陳 冰 ), aged 50, was appointed as the Company’s Supervisor in June 2023 and the chairman of the
Supervisory Committee of the Company in June 2024. Mr. Chen is currently the vice president, the co-chief risk officer and
the general manager of the audit department of Fosun International (stock code: 00656), a company listed on the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange, and has been the chairman of the supervisory committee of Zhejiang Wansheng Co., Ltd.* (浙江萬盛
股 份 有 限 公 司 ) (stock code: 603010), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, since December 2024. Mr. Chen
served at KPMG. He served as a senior audit manager and partner of MAZARS Shanghai Certified Public Accountants LLP* (上
海 瑪 澤 會 計 師 事 務 所(普 通 合 夥)). He served various positions including the joint general manager of the audit department,
assistant to the president and senior assistant to the president of Fosun International (stock code: 00656), a company listed
on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, from July 2017 to December 2021. Mr. Chen had been a director of Zhejiang Wansheng
Co., Ltd.* ( 浙 江 萬 盛 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) (stock code: 603010), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, from
November 2023 to December 2024, and a non-executive director of Babytree Group (former stock code: 01761, delisted
from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in December 2024) from July 2021 to December 2024. Mr. Chen is currently a non-
practicing member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member of Shanghai Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. Mr. Chen obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Fudan University.

Mr. Guan Yimin (管 一 民 ), aged 74, was appointed as the Company’s Supervisor in June 2014. Mr. Guan is currently
an independent director of China Fortune Securities Co., Ltd.* ( 華鑫證券有限責任公司), an independent director of
Greenland Holdings Group Co., Ltd.* ( 綠 地 控 股 集團有限公司) (stock code: 600606), a company listed on the Shanghai
Stock Exchange, an independent director of Jiangsu Nonghua Intelligent Agriculture Technology Co., Ltd.* (江蘇農華智慧
農 業 科 技 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) (stock code: 000816), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, and an independent
director of Shanghai Jinjiang Shipping (Group) Co., Ltd.* ( 上海錦江航運( 集團) 股份有限公司) (stock code: 601083),
a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. Mr. Guan had been an independent Director and independent non-
executive Director of the Company from May 2007 to June 2013. Mr. Guan was the vice president and professor of Shanghai
National Accounting Institute, and concurrently served as an independent director of Bringspring Science and Technology
Co., Ltd.* ( 榮 科 科技 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) (stock code: 300290), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, and an
independent director of Hefei Genius Advanced Material Co., Ltd.* ( 合肥杰事杰新材料股份有限公司) (stock code:
834166), a company listed on the NEEQ. Mr. Guan had been an independent director of Yihai Kerry Arawana Holdings Co.,
Ltd.* ( 益 海 嘉 里 金 龍 魚 糧 油 食 品 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) (stock code: 300999), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange,
from March 2019 to April 2024, and an independent director of Shanghai Huayi (Group) Company* (上海華誼集團股份有
限 公 司 ) (stock code: 600623), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, from June 2020 to June 2024. Mr. Guan
obtained a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics (SUFE).




122 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management



Ms. Wang Lina (王麗 娜), aged 39, was appointed as the Company’s Supervisor (an employee Supervisor) in June 2024. Ms.
Wang is currently the executive general manager of the human resources department of the Company and the vice president,
CHO and general manager of the human resources department of Fosun Health, a subsidiary of the company. Ms. Wang
joined the Group in July 2007. She has served successively as management trainee, human resources specialist, compensation
and benefits specialist, compensation and benefits supervisor, compensation and benefits manager, senior compensation and
benefits manager, deputy director of remuneration and performance, director of remuneration and performance, assistant to
the general manager of the human resources department (in charge of remuneration, performance and recruitment), deputy
general manager and executive general manager of the human resources department of the Company from July 2007 to
present. During that time, Ms. Wang has served successively as general manager of the human resources and administration
department, assistant to the president and general manager of the human resources and administration department, vice
president, chief human resources officer (CHO) and general manager of the human resources department of Shanghai Fosun
Hospital Investment (Group) Co., Ltd.* ( 上 海 復 星 醫院投資( 集團) 有限公司), which has been renamed as Fosun Health,
from January 2018 to present. Ms. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Shanghai Maritime University and
a master’s degree in management from Renmin University of China.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Wen Deyong (文 德 鏞 ) is the Company’s executive Director and chief executive officer. His biographical details are set
out on page 118 of this annual report.

Mr. Xingli Wang, aged 62, is currently the Company’s executive president (appointed in January 2023), the chief executive
officer of the global R&D center and co-chief executive officer of innovative medicine division. Mr. Wang joined the Group
in January 2023, and has served as a non-executive director of Shanghai Henlius (stock code: 02696), a company listed on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, since August 2023. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Wang served as a senior lecturer in
cardiovascular medicine at The University of New South Wales, Australia, and as a cardiologist and professor with tenure at
Baylor College of Medicine, USA, medical director of Schering-Plough Corporation, a company formerly listed on the NYSE
(stock code: SGP) (merged into Merck & Co., Inc. in 2009). He also worked in Novartis AG (stock code: NVS), a company
listed on the NYSE, mainly serving as project supervisor, global project clinical head, head of Novartis global drug R&D (China)
and general manager of Biomedical Research Institute (China). Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in medicine from
Shandong Medical College (merged into Shandong University in 2000) and a doctorate degree in cardiovascular science from
the UNSW. Mr. Wang also holds a license to practice medicine in Australia.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   123
Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management



Mr. Wenjie Zhang, aged 57, is currently the Company’s executive president (appointed in July 2023) and co-CEO of
innovative medicines division. Mr. Zhang joined the Group in March 2019. He was a senior vice president, chief commercial
operations officer, chief strategic officer, president and chief executive officer of Shanghai Henlius (stock code: 02696), a
company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, from March 2019 to July 2023. He was an executive director of Shanghai
Henlius from November 2020 to March 2025 and is currently a non-executive director and the chairman of the board of
directors of Shanghai Henlius. Mr Zhang has also been a non-executive director of Gland Pharma (stock code: GLAND), a
company listed on the BSE and the NSE, since August 2024. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Zhang served as the assistant
engineer of research and development of Jinan Corbère Bioengineering Co., Ltd.* (濟南科貝爾生物工程有限公司 ), the
China sales representative of Sino-American Shanghai Squibb Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.* (中美上海施貴寶製藥有限公司).
He worked at Bayer Group (stock code: BAYGn), a company listed on Frankfurt Stock Exchange, and served as the product
manager of US Marketing Division at Bayer Pharmaceutical’s US subsidiary, business development manager and deputy
director of global marketing, head of business development at Bayer Healthcare’s Asia Pacific headquarters, the head of
Oncology and Specialty Medicine Business at Bayer Schering Pharma China, and the head of Oncology and Specialty Medicine
Business in Asia Pacific, vice president of Tumor Business Department II of Shanghai Roche Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (上海羅
氏 製 藥 有 限 公 司 ). He also worked at Amgen Inc. (stock code: AMGN) (“Amgen”), a company listed on the NASDAQ, and
served as the executive director of Japan and Asia Pacific of Amgen and the general manager of Amgen Biopharmaceutical (Shanghai)
Co., Ltd.* ( 安 進 生 物 醫 藥 (上 海 )有 限 公 司 ). Mr. Zhang obtained a bachelor’s degree in science from Shandong University
and a master’s degree in business administration from Yale University.

Ms. Feng Rongli (馮 蓉 麗 ), aged 49, is currently the Company’s executive president (appointed in January 2024) and chief
human resources officer. Ms. Feng joined the Group in April 2020. She was a vice president and senior vice president of the
Company from April 2020 to January 2024. Ms. Feng is currently a non-executive director of Sisram Medical (stock code:
01696), the chairman of the supervisory committee of Shanghai Henlius (stock code: 02696), and a non-executive director
of Sinopharm (stock code: 01099), all of which are companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Prior to joining the
Group, Ms. Feng served as a human resources supervisor of Sealed Air Packaging (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.* (希悅爾包裝( 上海)
有 限 公 司 ), a human resources manager of Grundfos Pumps (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.* (格蘭富水泵( 上海) 有限公司), the Asia-
Pacific human resources manager of Emerson Electric (China) Holdings Co., Ltd.* (艾默生電氣( 中國) 投資有限公司), the
China human resources planning manager of Dow Chemical (China) Co., Ltd.* ( 陶氏化學( 中國) 有限公司), the director
of human resources of Shanghai Roche Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (上海羅氏製藥有限公司), the senior director of human
resources at F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, the deputy chief human resources officer of Fosun High Tech and the managing
director of the human resources of Shanghai Fosun Venture Capital Investment Management Co., Ltd.* ( 上海復星創業
投 資 管 理 有 限 公 司 ). Ms. Feng graduated from Shanghai University with a major in computer application, and obtained a
master’s degree in business administration from Columbia Southern University.




124 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management



Ms. Li Jing ( 李 靜 ), aged 52, is currently the Company’s executive president (appointed in January 2024) and chief executive
officer of established medicines manufacturing and supply division. Ms. Li joined the Group in May 2022. She was the senior
vice president of the Company from August 2022 to January 2024. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Li held the positions
including engineer, office director and deputy president of Tianjin Pharmaceutical Company Research Institute* (天津藥
業 公 司 研 究 所 ) (the predecessor of Tianjin Pharmaceutical Research Institute Co., Ltd.* (天津藥業研究院股份有限公
司 )), assistant to general manager and chief engineer of Tianjin Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.* (天津藥業集團有限公
司 ), general manager and president of Tianjin Pharmaceutical Research Institute Co., Ltd.* (天津藥業研究院股份有限公
司 ), chairman of Tianjin Jinyao Amino Acids Co., Ltd.* ( 天津金耀氨基酸有限公司). She also served as deputy secretary
of the Party Committee, general manager, chairman of the board, secretary of the Party Committee and director of Tianjin
Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.* (天 津 藥 業 集 團 有限公司), chairman of Tianjin Pharmaceutical Research Institute Co.,
Ltd.* (天 津 藥 業 研 究 院 股 份 有 限 公 司 ), chief engineer of Tianjin Pharmaceutical Holdings Ltd.* (天津市醫藥集團有限公
司 ), chairman of Tianjin Pharmaceutical Group Research Institute Co., Ltd.* (天津醫藥集團研究院有限公司), now known
as Jinyao Biotechnology (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.* (津 藥生物科技( 天津) 有限公司), and chairman and secretary of the Party
Committee of Tianjin Tianyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (天津天藥藥業股份有限公司) (stock code: 600488), a company
listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. Ms. Li obtained a bachelor’s degree in medicine from Tianjin College of Traditional
Chinese Medicine (now known as Tianjin University of Traditional Chinese Medicine) and a master’s degree in business
administration from Tianjin University.

Mr. Wang Donghua (王 冬 華 ), aged 55, is currently the Company’s senior vice president (appointed in October 2020) and
chief strategic enabler. Mr. Wang joined the Group in October 2015. He was a vice president of the Company from January
2016 to October 2020. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Wang was the deputy manager and manager of the corporate culture
department, deputy general manager of the investment development department, deputy general manager and spokesman
of the brand development department, and deputy general manager, executive general manager and joint general manager
of the public affairs department of Fosun High Tech. Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in agriculture from Yangzhou
University and a master’s degree in business administration from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics.

Mr. Li Dongjiu ( 李東 久 ), aged 59, is currently the Company’s senior vice president (appointed in March 2021) and the
director of pharmaceutical commerce administration committee. Mr. Li was the vice president and senior vice president of the
Company from December 2009 to January 2018, and re-joined the Group in March 2021. Mr. Li is a non-executive director
of Sinopharm (stock code: 01099), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Prior to initially joining the Group,
Mr. Li served as the deputy general manager and chief financial officer of North China Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (華北製藥
股 份 有 限 公 司) (stock code: 600812), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. Mr. Li was a company listed on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange, the vice president and general counsel of Sinopharm (stock code: 01099), a company listed on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and a director of Sinopharm Group Accord Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (國藥集團一致藥業股份
有 限 公 司 ) (stock code: 000028), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. Mr. Li obtained a bachelor’s degree in
chemical engineering from Dalian Institute of Technology (now known as Dalian University of Technology), a master’s degree
in management science and engineering from Wuhan Jiaotong University of Science and Technology, a master’s degree in
international economic and trade relations from Flinders University, Australia, a Ph.D. degree in transportation planning and
management from Wuhan University of Technology and an Executive Master of Business Administration degree from China
Europe International Business School.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   125
Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management



Mr. Liu Yi ( 劉 毅 ), aged 49, is currently the Company’s senior vice president (appointed in January 2022) and the chairman
and chief executive officer of the medical devices division and the chairman of the medical diagnosis division. Mr. Liu
joined the Group in November 2015. He was the vice president of the Company from January 2017 to January 2022. Mr.
Liu is currently the executive director and chairman of the board of directors of Sisram Medical (stock code: 01696), a
company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Liu worked at the State Food and Drug
Administration (now known as the National Medical Products Administration) and Beijing Medical Equipment Laboratory (北
京 市 醫 療 器 械 檢 驗 所 ). Mr. Liu obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering from Beijing Institute of Technology, a master’s
degree in management from Peking University and a doctorate degree in biomedical engineering from Beihang University.

Mr. Hu Hang ( 胡 航 ), aged 41, is currently the Company’s senior vice president (appointed in January 2022) and the
chief executive officer of Fosun Health, a subsidiary of the Company. Mr. Hu joined the Group in September 2010,
and was the assistant to the president, vice president and other positions of Fosun Health, a subsidiary, and was a
vice president of the Company from January 2020 to January 2022. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Hu served as an
auditor at PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP* ( 普華永道中天會計師事務所( 特殊普通合夥)), a senior auditor
at Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP* ( 安 永 華 明 會 計師事務所( 特殊普通合夥)), and a senior adviser on risk control at
PricewaterhouseCoopers Management Consulting (Shanghai) Limited* (普華永道管理諮詢( 上海) 有限公司). Mr. Hu
obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Fudan University and a master’s degree in business administration from
Shanghai Jiao Tong University.

Mr. Bao Qingui ( 包 勤 貴 ), aged 40, is currently the Company’s senior vice president (appointed in January 2022) . Mr. Bao
joined the Group in July 2010. He was the assistant to the president, vice president and executive president of Fosun Health,
a subsidiary, among others, and also a vice president of the Company from January 2020 to January 2022. Mr. Bao obtained
a bachelor’s degree in engineering from Hefei University of Technology and a master’s degree of science from Fudan
University.

Mr. Rong Yang, aged 46, is currently the Company’s senior vice president (appointed in August 2022). Mr. Yang joined
the Group in January 2022, and is currently the chief executive officer of Fosun Pharma USA Inc., a subsidiary. Mr. Yang is
currently a director of Nature’s Sunshine Products, Inc. (stock code: NATR), a company listed on the NASDAQ. Prior to joining
the Group, Mr. Yang previously worked for the Bayer Group, mainly as the global market development manager of Bayer
Schering Pharma AG, marketing director of Bayer Austria Ges.m.b.H, assistant to chairman of Bayer Pharma AG, general
manager of Bayer S.R.O., vice president of Bayer US LLC, and he was in charge of the finance and strategy department (Americas),
business insight and data analysis department, blood marketing department, and specialty drug sales department. Mr. Yang
obtained a bachelor’s degree of art in German from Beijing Foreign Studies University, a master’s degree in economics from
Nankai University and a master’s degree in business administration from Harvard Business School.




126 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management



Mr. Chen Zhan Yu (陳 戰 宇), aged 53, is currently the Company’s senior vice president and chief financial officer (appointed
in September 2024). Mr. Chen worked for the Group from June 2011 to February 2021, serving as the general manager
of the financial department, assistant to the president, vice president and senior vice president of Fosun Pharmaceutical
Industrial, a subsidiary. During this period, he was the assistant to the president and general manager of the financial
department, senior assistant to the president and general manager of the financial department and general manager of the
centralized procurement and management department, senior assistant to the president and deputy chief financial officer
and general manager of the financial department of the Company from July 2016 to January 2020. He served as the vice
president, deputy chief financial officer and general manager of the financial department of the Company from January 2020
to February 2021, and rejoined the Group in September 2024. Prior to initially joining the Group, Mr. Chen was the head of
the financial department of Baoji Pharmaceutical Machinery Plant* ( 寶雞製藥機械廠), the finance director of Xi’an Fifth
Grinding Wheel Factory* (西 安 第 五 砂 輪 廠 ), the manager of the financial department of Xi’an Omeya Beauty Products Co.,
Ltd.* ( 西 安 歐 美 亞 美 容 製 品 有 限 公 司 ), the financial director of Topsun Science and Technology Co., Ltd.* (東盛科技股份
有 限 公 司), and the financial director of Shannxi Buchang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (陝西步長製藥有限公司). From March
2021 to August 2024, Mr. Chen was a vice president of Sinopharm (stock code: 01099), a company listed on the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange. Mr. Chen holds the qualification of PRC Certified Public Accountant (CPA). Mr. Chen graduated from
Xi’an University of Finance and Economics with a college degree in accounts, and obtained a master’s degree in business
administration from Northwest University and a master’s degree in accounting from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

Ms. Dong Xiaoxian ( 董 曉 嫻 ), aged 43, is currently the Company’s vice president (appointed in June 2016), the secretary
to the Board, and a joint company secretary. Ms. Dong joined the Group in July 2003, and served several positions including
the securities affairs representative and deputy director of the Board Secretary Office of the Company. Ms. Dong obtained a
bachelor’s degree in laws from Shanghai University and a master’s degree in business administration from Fudan University.

Ms. Su Li ( 蘇 莉 ), aged 53, is currently the Company’s vice president (appointed in January 2022) and the chief executive
officer of the established medicines and manufacturing & supply division. Ms. Su joined the Group in June 2006, and served
several positions including the chief executive officer of Tridem Pharma S.A.S, a subsidiary, a vice president and the emerging
market general manager of the overseas business department of Fosun Pharmaceutical Industrial, a subsidiary, and the
assistant to the president of the Company. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Su served as a clerk in the office of the president
of Kunming Pharmaceutical Limited* ( 昆 明 製 藥 股份有限公司) and the deputy manager and manager of imports and
exports department and manager of international trade department of Kunyao Group Co., Ltd.* (昆明製藥集團股份有限
公司 ). Ms. Su obtained a bachelor’s degree in arts from Yunnan University.

Mr. Ji Hao ( 紀 皓), aged 50, is currently the Company’s vice president (appointed in January 2022) and the general
manager of anti-corruption supervision department. Mr. Ji joined the Group in June 2016, and served several positions
including the assistant to the president of the Company. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Ji served as an assistant researcher
at the Chinese People’s Liberation Army Academy of Military Sciences, and worked at the First Branch of the Shanghai
People’s Procuratorate. Mr. Ji obtained a bachelor’s degree of laws from the People’s Liberation Army Nanjing University of
International Relations (now known as National University of Defense Technology University of International Relations), a
master’s degree of laws from the East China University of Political Science and Law and a master’s degree of laws from The
Chinese University of Hong Kong.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   127
Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management



Ms. Zhu Yue ( 朱 悅 ), aged 47, is currently the Company’s vice president (appointed in January 2022) and the general
manager of legal department. Ms. Zhu joined the Group in October 2020, and served several positions including the assistant
to the president of the Company. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Zhu served as an attorney and a senior attorney at Morgan,
Lewis & Bockius LLP in the U.S., a senior attorney of Milbank LLP in the U.S., a senior attorney and the consultant lawyer of
Clifford Chance LLP in the United Kingdom, and the managing director of the legal department of Fosun International (stock
code: 00656), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Ms. Zhu obtained a bachelor’s degree in science from
University of Science and Technology of China, a master’s degree in biology from the University of Iowa in the U.S. and a
doctorate in law from the University of Maryland in the U.S.. She was also admitted as an attorney of the State of California
in the U.S..

Ms. Lv Lilang ( 呂 力 琅 ), aged 47, is currently the Company’s vice president (appointed in July 2023) and co-chief executive
officer of the medical devices division. Ms. Lv joined the Group in June 2023. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Lv worked at
Fudan University Cancer Hospital, mainly as an office clerk, deputy director and director of the hospital office, assistant to the
president and deputy president, as well as deputy president of the Shanghai Proton and Reionisation Hospital. She was the
general manager of Shanghai Zhijiang Bio-Technology Company Limited* (上海之江生物科技股份有限公司) (stock code:
688317), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, from February 2021 to May 2023. Ms. Lv obtained a bachelor’s
degree in medicine from Peking University, a master’s degree in management from Fudan University and a doctorate degree
in engineering from Fudan University. Ms. Lv has also attended hospital management and reform programs at the University
of Cambridge in the United Kingdom, Harvard Medical School in the U.S. and the Université de Paris Politique in France.

Mr. Yuan Fangbing ( 袁 方 兵 ), aged 49, is currently the Company’s vice president (appointed in July 2024) and co-chief
strategic enabler. Mr. Yuan joined the Group in May 2024. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Yuan worked in the Shanghai
General Corps of the Chinese People’s Armed Police Force, and served as a prosecutor of the Second Branch of Shanghai
Municipal People’s Procuratorate, a legal assistant in Allbright Law firm, the executive general manager and managing
director of the anti-corruption and supervision department of Shanghai Forte Land Co., Ltd.* ( 復地（集團）股份有限公
司 ), and the managing director of the anti-corruption and supervision department, the managing director and joint general
manager of the public affairs and corporate communications centre, the general manager of the board office, co-chief
strategic enabler, assistant to the president and senior assistant to the president of Fosun International (stock code: 00656), a
company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Mr. Yuan is also currently a representative of the 17th People’s Congress
of Shanghai Putuo District, a member of the Standing Committee of the Shanghai Putuo District Federation of Industry and
Commerce (General Chamber of Commerce), and an arbitrator of the Shanghai Arbitration Commission. Mr. Yuan graduated
from the Chinese Armed Police Force Command College and the Xi’an Political College of the Chinese People’s Liberation
Army (currently known as the Political College of National Defence University PLA China), and obtained a master’s degree in
law from Shanghai Jiao Tong University.




128 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management



Mr. Yuan Ning ( 袁 寧 ) (resigned) served as the vice president of the Company from January 2022 to January 2024.

Mr. Zhang Yuejian ( 張 躍 建 ) (resigned) served as the vice president of the Company from June 2019 to January 2024.

Ms. Ren Qian (任倩 ) (resigned) served as the chairman (an employee Supervisor) of the Supervisory Committee of the
Company from January 2018 to June 2024.

Mr. Yao Fang ( 姚 方 ) (resigned) served as the deputy general manager, vice chairman and general manager, vice chairman
and chief executive officer, vice chairman, co-chairman, non-executive Director and other positions of the Company
successively from April 2010 to June 2024.

Mr. Xu Aihua ( 徐 愛 華 ) (resigned) served as the vice president of the Company from January 2023 to June 2024.

Mr. Li Shengli ( 李 勝 利 ) (resigned) served as the vice president, senior vice president and executive president of the
Company successively from January 2020 to September 2024.

JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

Ms. Dong Xiaoxian (董 曉 嫻 ), aged 43, is a joint company secretary and concurrently serves as a vice president of the
Company and secretary to the Board. Please refer to page 127 of this annual report for her biography.

Ms. Chan Sau Ling ( 陳 秀 玲 ), aged 54, is a joint company secretary. Ms. Chan is currently a director of company secretarial
department of Tricor Services Limited. Prior to joining Tricor Services Limited, Ms. Chan worked in the company secretarial
department of accounting firms. In addition to the appointment by the Company, Ms. Chan currently serves as the Company
Secretary/Joint Company Secretary of a few companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Ms. Chan is a Chartered
Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional and a Fellow of both The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and
The Chartered Governance Institute. Ms. Chan graduated from University of South Australia with a bachelor’s degree in
accounting in April 2003.

Ms. Kam Mei Ha, Wendy (甘 美 霞 ) (resigned) served as the joint company secretary of the Company from December
2019 to August 2024.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   129
Independent Auditor’s Report




To the shareholders of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
(Established in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 135 to 273, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
position as at 31 December 2024, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for
the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics
for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the
Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance
of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide
the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.




130 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Independent Auditor’s Report



To the shareholders of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
(Established in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment of goodwill

The carrying value of goodwill in the consolidated financial statements   Our audit procedures included, among others,
amounted to RMB10,905,083,000 as at 31 December 2024. In                  involving internal valuation specialists to assist us
accordance with HKFRSs, the Group is required to perform impairment       in evaluating the assumptions and methodologies
test for goodwill at least on an annual basis. The impairment test is     used by the Group, in particular, the discount rate
based on the recoverable amount of each cash-generating unit to           and the growth rate beyond a forecast period. We
which the goodwill is allocated. The recoverable amount of each cash-     paid attention to the forecasts used with respect to
generating unit is its value in use using cash flow projection based      future revenues and operating results by comparing
on a financial budget or a forecast. This matter was significant to our   the forecasts with the historical performance and
audit because the impairment test process was complex and involved        the business development plan of each cash-
significant judgements and estimates.                                     generating unit.

The disclosures about impairment of goodwill are included in note         We also focused on the adequacy of the disclosures
2.4 “Material Accounting Policies”, note 3 “Significant Accounting        in the consolidated financial statements.
Judgements and Estimates” and note 17 “Goodwill”, which
specifically explains the key assumptions management used for the
calculation of the recoverable amounts to the consolidated financial
statements.

Capitalisation of development expenditures

During the year ended 31 December 2024, expenditure                       Our audit procedures included, among others,
incurred on projects to develop new pharmaceutical products of            assessing whether the capitalisation policy
RMB1,909,703,000 was capitalised in “other intangible assets —            adopted to be in line with HKFRSs, obtaining an
deferred development costs” in the consolidated financial statements.     understanding of the Group’s internal approval
The expenditure on development activities was capitalised and             procedures regarding the capitalisation of
deferred when all criteria mentioned in note 2.4 “Material Accounting     development expenditures by conducting interview
Policies” were satisfied. This matter was significant to our audit        with key management members in charge of
because significant management’s estimation and judgement were            research, development and industrialisation of
required in determining whether development expenditure met the           various projects, and obtaining certifications
capitalisation criteria.                                                  related to different stages of development activities
                                                                          and commercial and technical feasibility reports
The disclosures about capitalisation of development expenditure           prepared by management.
are included in note 2.4 “Material Accounting Policies”, note 3
“Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates” and note 18 “Other      We also focused on the adequacy of the disclosures
Intangible Assets” to the consolidated financial statements.              in the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   131
Independent Auditor’s Report



To the shareholders of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
(Established in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements
or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of
the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations
or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the
Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Our
report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability
to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




132 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Independent Auditor’s Report



To the shareholders of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
(Established in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
     or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
     and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
     fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
     misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s
     internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
     disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
     evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
     on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
     to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
     disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
     date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
     concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
     manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
     of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial
     statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of
     the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   133
Independent Auditor’s Report



To the shareholders of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
(Established in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Wanyee Hooi.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
25 March 2025




134 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Consolidated
Statement of Profit or Loss
Year ended 31 December 2024


                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                            Notes     RMB’000          RMB’000


REVENUE                                                                       5      40,909,878      41,248,505
Cost of sales                                                                       (21,365,574)    (21,595,309)


Gross profit                                                                        19,544,304      19,653,196

Other income                                                                  6         471,380         524,980
Selling and distribution expenses                                                    (8,679,764)     (9,712,237)
Administrative expenses                                                              (4,439,981)     (4,495,128)
Impairment losses on financial assets                                                  (110,631)       (131,927)
Research and development expenses                                                    (3,644,356)     (4,346,045)
Other gains                                                                   8       1,010,464       1,392,007
Other expenses                                                                         (567,269)       (831,601)
Interest income                                                                         373,210         363,645
Finance costs                                                                 9      (1,431,915)     (1,324,831)
Share of profits and losses of:
   Joint ventures                                                                     (184,409)        (202,030)
   Associates                                                                        1,828,248        2,386,879


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                                             7      4,169,281        3,276,908

Income tax expense                                                           12       (656,841)        (369,504)


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                                  3,512,440        2,907,404


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                               2,769,886        2,398,606
  Non-controlling interests                                                            742,554          508,798


                                                                                     3,512,440        2,907,404


Earnings per share attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent:    14

  Basic                                                                               RMB1.04          RMB0.90


  Diluted                                                                             RMB1.04          RMB0.90




                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   135
Consolidated
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Year ended 31 December 2024


                                                                                     2024         2023
                                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                               3,512,440    2,907,404


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                           13,680       183,615
Share of other comprehensive income of joint ventures                                3,034           109
Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of associates                            30,370      (152,726)


Net other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods                                              47,084       30,998


Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income:
  Changes in fair value                                                              (3,754)        957
  Income tax effect                                                                    (187)        (99)


Net other comprehensive (loss)/income that will not be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods                                               (3,941)        858


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                                 43,143       31,856


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                           3,555,583    2,939,260


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                            2,753,658    2,363,164
  Non-controlling interests                                                         801,925      576,096


                                                                                  3,555,583    2,939,260




136 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Consolidated
Statement of Financial Position
31 December 2024


                                                                                         31 December     31 December
                                                                                                2024            2023
                                                                                 Notes       RMB’000         RMB’000


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                                     15      22,202,927      20,846,458
Right-of-use assets                                                               16       4,691,271       4,248,080
Goodwill                                                                          17      10,905,083      10,851,999
Other intangible assets                                                           18      17,234,870      15,301,788
Investments in joint ventures                                                     19          20,900          78,910
Investments in associates                                                         20      24,632,224      23,802,113
Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income    21          16,434          52,774
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                             29       1,157,129       1,040,114
Deferred tax assets                                                               22         757,776         624,471
Trade receivables-non-current                                                     23         199,436          85,323
Other non-current assets                                                          24       1,113,080       2,706,628


Total non-current assets                                                                  82,931,130      79,638,658


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                                       25       7,258,649       7,537,768
Trade and bills receivables                                                       26       8,024,433       7,668,229
Contract assets                                                                   27         127,553         145,887
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                   28       2,272,554       2,216,029
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                             29       2,595,997       1,888,496
Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                 26         612,973         642,569
Cash and bank balances                                                            30      13,523,933      13,693,591


                                                                                          34,416,092      33,792,569
Assets of a disposal group classified as held for sale                            31          74,968              —


Total current assets                                                                      34,491,060      33,792,569


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables                                                          32       5,997,385       6,159,619
Other payables and accruals                                                       33       6,983,144       6,748,494
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                        34      22,620,140      19,068,818
Lease liabilities                                                                 35         340,981         329,525
Contract liabilities                                                              36       1,232,315       1,200,496
Tax payable                                                                                  278,704         250,629


Total current liabilities                                                                 37,452,669      33,757,581


NET CURRENT (LIABILITIES)/ASSETS                                                           (2,961,609)            34,988


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                     79,969,521      79,673,646




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   137
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

31 December 2024


                                                              31 December    31 December
                                                                     2024           2023
                                                      Notes       RMB’000        RMB’000


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings             34      10,443,500     13,504,923
Lease liabilities                                      35       2,541,968      2,049,589
Deferred tax liabilities                               22       3,245,159      3,445,191
Contract liabilities                                   36         434,635        319,785
Deferred income                                        37         657,891        639,399
Other long-term liabilities                            38       2,751,016      3,136,874


Total non-current liabilities                                  20,074,169     23,095,761


Net assets                                                     59,895,352     56,577,885


EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                          39       2,671,326      2,672,399
Treasury shares                                                  (234,375)       (41,928)
Reserves                                               40      44,785,779     43,015,915


                                                               47,222,730     45,646,386
Non-controlling interests                                      12,672,622     10,931,499


Total equity                                                   59,895,352     56,577,885




                           Wu Yifang                    Guan Xiaohui
                            Director                      Director




138 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Consolidated
Statement of Changes in Equity
Year ended 31 December 2024


                                                                                               Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                                                              Statutory                   Exchange                                     Non-
                                                       Issued share     Treasury      Share    Fair value       surplus      Other      fluctuation    Retained                  controlling
                                                             capital      shares   premium       reserve        reserve     reserve         reserve      profits        Total      interests Total equity
                                                  Note    RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                          (note 39)


At 1 January 2023                                         2,672,157     (53,255) 15,781,357      71,007     2,952,929     1,351,646     (1,257,801) 23,013,701 44,531,741        9,526,452 54,058,193
Profit for the year                                              —           —           —           —             —             —              — 2,398,606 2,398,606              508,798 2,907,404
Other comprehensive income for the year:
    Changes in fair value of equity investments
         at fair value through other
         comprehensive income, net of tax                        —           —           —           827            —             —             —             —          827            31           858
    Share of other comprehensive loss of
         associates                                              —           —           —     (152,726)            —             —             —             —      (152,726)           —      (152,726)
    Share of other comprehensive income of
         joint ventures                                          —           —           —           109            —             —             —             —          109             —           109
    Exchange differences on translation of
         foreign operations                                      —           —           —            —             —             —       116,348             —      116,348        67,267       183,615


Total comprehensive income for the year                          —           —           —     (151,790)            —             —       116,348     2,398,606     2,363,164      576,096     2,939,260

Profit appropriation to reserves                                 —           —           —            —          5,486            —             —         (5,486)         —              —            —
Issue of A shares                                  39           372          —        7,540           —             —             —             —             —        7,912             —         7,912
Repurchase and cancellation of restricted
    A shares                                                   (130)      2,757      (2,627)          —             —             —             —             —           —             —             —
Unlock of restricted A shares                                    —       16,481          —            —             —             —             —             —       16,481            —         16,481
Establishment of new subsidiaries                                —           —           —            —             —             —             —             —           —          1,870         1,870
Deemed disposal of partial interests in
    subsidiaries without losing control                          —           —           —            —             —          3,929            —             —        3,929        (3,470)          459
Dividends declared to non-controlling
    shareholders of subsidiaries                                 —           —           —            —             —             —             —             —            —      (198,564)     (198,564)
Capital injections from non-controlling
    shareholders of subsidiaries                                 —           —           —            —             —             —             —             —            —         75,894       75,894
Acquisitions of subsidiaries                                     —           —           —            —             —             —             —             —            —       958,865       958,865
Disposal of associates                                           —           —           —            —             —        (74,745)           —             —       (74,745)           —       (74,745)
Disposal of subsidiaries                                         —           —           —            —             —             —             —             —            —        (10,566)     (10,566)
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                         —           —           —            —             —        (41,015)           —             —       (41,015)      (42,551)     (83,566)
Equity-settled share-based payments                              —       (7,911)         —            —             —          9,765            —             —         1,854        33,543       35,397
Adjustment on the share redemption options
    granted to non-controlling shareholders
    of subsidiaries                                              —           —           —            —             —        (64,315)           —             —       (64,315)      13,930        (50,385)
Share of changes in equity other than
    comprehensive income and distributions
    received of associates                                       —           —           —            —             —        22,784             —             —       22,784             —         22,784
Fair value reserve to retained profits                           —           —           —       (66,284)           —            —              —         66,284          —              —             —
Final 2022 dividend declared and paid                            —           —           —            —             —            —              —     (1,121,404) (1,121,404)            —     (1,121,404)


At 31 December 2023                                       2,672,399     (41,928) 15,786,270    (147,067)    2,958,415     1,208,049     (1,141,453) 24,351,701 45,646,386 10,931,499 56,577,885




                                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024                139
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

Year ended 31 December 2024


                                                                                              Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                            Issued                                          Statutory               Exchange                                  Non-
                                                             share    Treasury       Share    Fair value      surplus       Other fluctuation      Retained             controlling         Total
                                                           capital      shares    premium       reserve       reserve     reserve     reserve        profits      Total   interests        equity
                                                  Note    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000   RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                         (note 39)


At 1 January 2024                                        2,672,399     (41,928) 15,786,270     (147,067)    2,958,415    1,208,049    (1,141,453) 24,351,701 45,646,386 10,931,499 56,577,885
Profit for the year                                             —           —           —            —             —            —             —    2,769,886 2,769,886     742,554 3,512,440
Other comprehensive income for the year:
    Changes in fair value of equity investments
         at fair value through other
         comprehensive income, net of tax                       —           —           —         (4,335)          —            —            —            —        (4,335)       394        (3,941)
    Share of other comprehensive income of
         associates                                             —           —           —        30,370            —            —            —            —       30,370           —       30,370
    Share of other comprehensive income of
         joint ventures                                         —           —           —         3,034            —            —            —            —         3,034          —         3,034
    Exchange differences on translation of
         foreign operations                                     —           —           —             —            —            —       (45,297)          —       (45,297)    58,977       13,680


Total comprehensive income for the year                         —           —           —        29,069            —            —       (45,297)   2,769,886    2,753,658    801,925     3,555,583

Profit appropriation to reserves                                —           —           —             —        33,726           —            —       (33,726)          —           —            —
Repurchase and cancellation of ordinary shares     39       (1,073)     22,828     (21,755)           —            —            —            —            —            —           —            —
Repurchase of ordinary shares                                   —     (215,275)         —             —            —            —            —            —      (215,275)         —      (215,275)
Deemed disposal of partial interests in
    subsidiaries without losing control                         —           —           —             —            —      530,589            —            —      530,589     849,049     1,379,638
Dividends declared to non-controlling
    shareholders of subsidiaries                                —           —           —             —            —            —            —            —            —     (381,942)    (381,942)
Capital injections from non-controlling
    shareholders of subsidiaries                                —           —           —             —            —        21,124           —            —        21,124     247,728      268,852
Acquisitions of subsidiaries                                    —           —           —             —            —            —            —            —            —        1,751        1,751
Disposal of associates                                          —           —           —             —            —      (461,141)          —            —      (461,141)         —      (461,141)
Disposal of subsidiaries                                        —           —           —             —            (1)          —            —            1            —     (133,214)    (133,214)
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                        —           —           —             —            —      (480,474)          —            —      (480,474)    301,131     (179,343)
Equity-settled share-based payments                             —           —           —             —            —            —            —            —            —       22,908       22,908
Other comprehensive income to
    retained profits                                            —           —           —         3,781            —            —            —        (3,781)          —           —            —
Share of changes in equity other than
    comprehensive income and distributions
    received of associates                                      —           —           —             —            —         7,352           —            —         7,352         51         7,403
Adjustment on the share redemption options
    granted to non-controlling shareholders of
    subsidiaries                                                —           —           —             —            —      142,345            —            —       142,345     31,736       174,081
Final 2023 dividend declared and paid                           —           —           —             —            —           —             —      (721,834)    (721,834)        —       (721,834)


At 31 December 2024                                      2,671,326    (234,375) 15,764,515*    (114,217)* 2,992,140*      967,844* (1,186,750)* 26,362,247* 47,222,730 12,672,622 59,895,352



*         The reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB44,785,779,000 (2023: RMB43,015,915,000) in the consolidated statement of financial
          position.




140 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows
Year ended 31 December 2024


                                                                                                2024            2023
                                                                                    Notes    RMB’000          RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                                           4,169,281        3,276,908

Adjustments for:
 Finance costs                                                                        9      1,431,915       1,324,831
 Share of profits and losses of joint ventures                                                 184,409         202,030
 Share of profits and losses of associates                                                  (1,828,248)     (2,386,879)
 Interest income                                                                              (177,842)       (155,579)
 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                        7      1,712,575       1,517,737
 Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                  7        474,540         318,258
 Amortisation of other intangible assets                                              7        983,864       1,282,683
 Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment and
    other tangible assets                                                             7      (349,299)             (538)
 Gain on disposal of interests in associates and joint ventures                       8      (580,558)        (710,599)
 Loss on disposal of subsidiaries, net                                                7        29,508             1,046
 Dividend income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           6       (48,231)          (61,239)
 Dividend income from equity investments at fair value through
    other comprehensive income                                                        6          (209)            (203)
 Impairment of items of property, plant and equipment                                 7         1,106            2,408
 Impairment of inventories                                                            7        60,352          121,339
 Impairment of other intangible assets                                                7        35,112           21,592
 Impairment losses on financial assets                                                7       110,631          131,927
 Impairment of investments in associates                                              7            —            61,284
 Impairment of other non-current assets                                               7            —            13,119
 Loss/(Gain) on disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     7       138,723         (558,489)
 Loss/(Gain) on fair value change of other financial liabilities at fair value
    through profit or loss, net                                                       7        40,305          (47,204)
 Loss on fair value change of financial assets at fair value through
    profit or loss, net                                                               7        69,929         452,384
 Loss on fair value change of other long-term assets, net                                       5,705          22,200
 Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                      16            —             (277)
 Equity settled share-based payment                                                   7        21,069          35,898

                                                                                            6,484,637        4,864,637
Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                                            238,192         (333,906)
(Increase)/decrease in trade and bills receivables                                           (655,861)         396,151
Decrease/(increase) in debt investments at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                                                  29,596           (83,642)
Increase/(decrease) in prepayments, other receivables and other assets                       (112,074)         741,277
Decrease in trade and bills payables                                                          (91,078)        (716,589)
Increase/(decrease) in contract liabilities                                                   163,095         (493,437)
Decrease in other payables and accruals and other non-current liabilities                    (930,776)        (611,925)
Decrease in pledged bank balances and deposits                                                340,816          551,306

Cash generated from operations                                                              5,466,547        4,313,872
Income tax paid                                                                              (989,566)        (899,655)

Net cash flows from operating activities                                                    4,476,981        3,414,217




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   141
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

Year ended 31 December 2024


                                                                                              2024           2023
                                                                                 Notes     RMB’000         RMB’000


Net cash flows from operating activities                                                  4,476,981      3,414,217

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment, prepaid land lease
   payments, other intangible assets and other non-current assets                         (4,410,191)    (5,336,705)
Acquisitions of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                                41        (215,794)      (923,999)
Acquisitions of interests in associates and joint ventures                                  (627,898)      (428,453)
Purchases of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                          (217,758)      (227,640)
Purchases of equity investments designated at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                                                    —          (37,395)
Disposal and partial disposal of associates and joint ventures                               63,741        742,382
Disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                           312,887      1,117,884
Disposal of subsidiaries                                                          42        131,424             300
Dividends from associates                                                                   862,801        707,290
Dividends received from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                47,284          63,240
Dividends received from equity investments designated at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                                                   209             203
Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and equipment, prepaid land
   lease payments, other intangible assets and other non-current assets                     457,809           9,009
Change of the deposit for construction projects                                              (2,709)         20,587
Disposals of other equity instruments                                                        32,953              —
(Increase)/decrease in non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of
   three months or more when acquired and restricted cash, net                             (231,602)        650,969
Interest received from time deposits                                                        178,503         178,325
Payment of loans to associates and joint ventures                                                —           (60,464)
Prepayment for acquisition of an associate                                                     (385)       (248,883)
Other receipts/(payments) relating to investing activities                                    5,403          (45,940)

Net cash flows used in investing activities                                               (3,613,323)    (3,819,290)

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
New bank and other borrowings                                                     43      31,086,471     23,155,128
Repayment of bank and other borrowings                                            43     (30,520,787)   (21,146,225)
Principal portion of lease payments                                               43        (426,788)       (251,707)
Interest paid                                                                             (1,337,318)     (1,331,338)
Proceeds from issue of A shares, net of share issue expenses                                      —            7,912
Capital injections from non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                         204,729          68,717
Receipt of capital contribution from limited partners of consolidated
   Structured entities                                                                      204,400         294,200
Dividends paid to owners of the parent                                                     (722,102)     (1,123,832)
Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                             (401,678)       (204,523)
Acquisitions of non-controlling interests                                                   (94,414)         (86,139)
Increase of loans from related parties                                            43          3,728           20,813
Repayment of borrowings to former shareholders of subsidiaries                    43             —         (643,262)
Partial disposal of a subsidiary without losing control                                   1,391,470               —
Shares repurchase                                                                          (238,106)              —
Other payments relating to financing activities                                            (152,191)         (95,994)

Net cash flows used in financing activities                                               (1,002,586)    (1,336,250)

NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                                  (138,928)     (1,741,323)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                            9,502,389     11,170,067
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                                 27,989          73,645

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                          30      9,391,450      9,502,389




142 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements
31 December 2024


1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

     The Company was established as a joint stock company with limited liability on 31 May 1995 in the People’s Republic
     of China (“PRC”). The Company’s A Shares have been listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange since 7 August 1998.
     The Company’s H shares have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong
     Kong Stock Exchange”) since 30 October 2012. The operating term is from 31 December 1998 to an indefinite period.

     The holding company of the Company is Shanghai Fosun High Technology (Group) Co., Ltd. (“Fosun High Tech”). The
     ultimate holding company of the Company is Fosun International Holdings Limited. The ultimate controlling shareholder
     of the Company is Mr. Guo Guangchang.

     During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) were principally engaged
     in the development, manufacture and sale of pharmaceutical products and medical equipment, import and export of
     medical equipment and the provision of related and other consulting services and investment management.

     Information about subsidiaries
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                                                                     Percentage of equity
                                                    Place of                    Issued ordinary/        attributable to
                                                    incorporation/                    registered         the Company
     Company name*                                  registration and business       share capital       Direct      Indirect   Principal activities
                                                                                           (’000)            %            %


     Chongqing Yao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.         PRC/                             RMB196,540             —         61.04    Manufacture and trading of medicine
       (“Yao Pharmaceutical”)                       Mainland China
       (重慶藥友製藥有限責任公司)***


     Fosun Wanbang (Jiangsu) Pharmaceutical Group PRC/                               RMB480,455             —        100.00    Manufacture and trading of medicine
        Co., Ltd. (“Fosun Wanbang”)               Mainland China
        (復星萬邦(江蘇)醫藥集團有限公司)**


     Guilin South Pharma Co., Ltd. (“Guilin South   PRC/                             RMB285,030             —         96.86    Manufacture and trading of medicine
       Pharma”)                                     Mainland China
       (桂林南藥股份有限公司)***


     Shanghai Henlius Biotech, Inc. (“Henlius”)     PRC/                             RMB543,495             —         59.56    Manufacture and trading of medicine
        (上海復宏漢霖生物技術股份                               Mainland China
        有限公司)***


     Gland Pharma Limited (“Gland Pharma”)          India                           Not applicable          —         51.83    Manufacture and trading of medicine

     *       The English names of the companies registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the management of the Company in directly
             translating the Chinese names of these companies.

     **      These subsidiaries are registered as wholly-owned enterprises under PRC law.

     ***     These subsidiaries are registered as limited liability companies under PRC law.




                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024        143
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)

     Information about subsidiaries (Continued)
     The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Group which, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, principally
     affected the results of the Group for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give
     details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive
     length.

2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     2.1 Basis of Preparation
           These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards (which include
           all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations)
           as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”), and the disclosure requirement
           of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except
           for certain equity investments, debt investments and certain financial assets, which have been measured at fair
           value. Disposal groups held for sale are stated at the lower of their carrying amounts and fair values less costs
           to sell. These financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and all values are rounded to the nearest
           thousand except when otherwise indicated.

           As of 31 December 2024, the Group’s current assets were RMB34,491,060,000 and current liabilities were
           RMB37,452,669,000. The financial statements of the Group are prepared based on the basic accounting
           assumption of going concern. Having taken into account the expected cash flows from operating activities and
           the unused banking facilities, it will enable the Group to fulfil its maturing debts. Therefore, the Group has
           adequate working capital in the foreseeable future to meet the needs of its daily operations and will not face any
           issues related to going concern due to a shortage of working capital.

           Basis of consolidation
           The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries
           (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2024. A subsidiary is an entity (including
           a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is
           exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect
           those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to
           direct the relevant activities of the investee).

           Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has
           less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and
           circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

           (a)   the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;

           (b)   rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

           (c)   the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.




144 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.1 Basis of Preparation (Continued)
         Basis of consolidation (Continued)
         The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using
         consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group
         obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

         Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent of
         the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit
         balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
         between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

         The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
         changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest of
         a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

         If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the related assets (including goodwill), liabilities, any
         non-controlling interest and the exchange fluctuation reserve; and recognises the fair value of any investment
         retained and any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously
         recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on
         the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.

     2.2 Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures
         The Group has adopted the following revised HKFRS Accounting Standards for the first time for the current year’s
         financial statements.

         Amendments to HKFRS 16                             Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
         Amendments to HKAS 1                               Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
                                                              (the “2020 Amendments”)
         Amendments to HKAS 1                               Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
                                                              (the “2022 Amendments”)
         Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7                   Supplier Finance Arrangements

         The nature and impact of the revised HKFRS Accounting Standards are described below:

         (a)   Amendments to HKFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability
               arising in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any amount of the
               gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. Since the Group has no sale and leaseback transactions
               with variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate occurring from the date of initial
               application of HKFRS 16, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance
               of the Group.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024    145
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.3 Issued But Not Yet Effective HKFRS Accounting Standards
           The Group has not applied the following new and revised HKFRS Accounting Standards, that have been issued
           but are not yet effective, in these financial statements. The Group intends to apply these new and revised HKFRS
           Accounting Standards, if applicable, when they become effective.

           HKFRS 18                                                    Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements 3
           HKFRS 19                                                    Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures 3
           Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                           Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
                                                                         Instruments 2
           Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                           Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity 2
           Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                          Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                                         its Associate or Joint Venture 4
          Amendments to HKAS 21                                        Lack of Exchangeability 1
          Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting                      Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 and
           Standards — Volume 11                                         HKAS 72

           1    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025
           2    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
           3    Effective for annual/reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027
           4    No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption


           Further information about those HKFRS Accounting Standards that are expected to be applicable to the Group is
           described below.

          HKFRS 18 replaces HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. While a number of sections have been brought
          forward from HKAS 1 with limited changes, HKFRS 18 introduces new requirements for presentation within the
          statement of profit or loss, including specified totals and subtotals. Entities are required to classify all income and
          expenses within the statement of profit or loss into one of the five categories: operating, investing, financing,
          income taxes and discontinued operations and to present two new defined subtotals. It also requires disclosures
          about management-defined performance measures in a single note and introduces enhanced requirements on
          the grouping (aggregation and disaggregation) and the location of information in both the primary financial
          statements and the notes. Some requirements previously included in HKAS 1 are moved to HKAS 8 Accounting
          Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors , which is renamed as HKAS 8 Basis of Preparation of
          Financial Statements . As a consequence of the issuance of HKFRS 18, limited, but widely applicable, amendments
          are made to HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows , HKAS 33 Earnings per Share and HKAS 34 Interim Financial
          Reporting . In addition, there are minor consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards. HKFRS
          18 and the consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards are effective for annual periods
          beginning on or after 1 January 2027 with earlier application permitted. Retrospective application is required. The
          Group is currently analysing the new requirements and assessing the impact of HKFRS 18 on the presentation and
          disclosure of the Group’s financial statements.




146 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.3 Issued But Not Yet Effective HKFRS Accounting Standards (Continued)
         HKFRS 19 allows eligible entities to elect to apply reduced disclosure requirements while still applying the
         recognition, measurement and presentation requirements in other HKFRS Accounting Standards. To be eligible,
         at the end of the reporting period, an entity must be a subsidiary as defined in HKFRS 10 Consolidated Financial
         Statements, cannot have public accountability and must have a parent (ultimate or intermediate) that prepares
         consolidated financial statements available for public use which comply with HKFRS Accounting Standards. Earlier
         application is permitted. As the Company is a listed company, it is not eligible to elect to apply HKFRS 19. Some
         of the Company’s subsidiaries are considering the application of HKFRS 19 in their specified financial statements.

         Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
         Instruments clarify the date on which a financial asset or financial liability is derecognised and introduce an
         accounting policy option to derecognise a financial liability that is settled through an electronic payment system
         before the settlement date if specified criteria are met. The amendments clarify how to assess the contractual cash
         flow characteristics of financial assets with environmental, social and governance and other similar contingent
         features. Moreover, the amendments clarify the requirements for classifying financial assets with non-recourse
         features and contractually linked instruments. The amendments also include additional disclosures for investments
         in equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial instruments with
         contingent features. The amendments shall be applied retrospectively with an adjustment to opening retained
         profits (or other component of equity) at the initial application date. Prior periods are not required to be restated
         and can only be restated without the use of hindsight. Earlier application of either all the amendments at the
         same time or only the amendments related to the classification of financial assets is permitted. The amendments
         are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

         Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity clarify the
         application of the “own-use” requirements for in-scope contracts and amend the designation requirements
         for a hedged item in a cash flow hedging relationship for in-scope contracts. The amendments also include
         additional disclosures that enable users of financial statement to understand the effects these contracts have
         on an entity’s financial performance and future cash flows. The amendments relating to the own-use exception
         shall be applied retrospectively. Prior periods are not required to be restated and can only be restated without
         the use of hindsight. The amendments relating to the hedge accounting shall be applied prospectively to new
         hedging relationships designated on or after the date of initial application. Earlier application is permitted. The
         amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 shall be applied at the same time. The amendments are not expected to
         have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

         Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in HKFRS 10 and in
         HKAS 28 in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture.
         The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a downstream transaction when the
         sale or contribution of assets constitutes a business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a
         business, a gain or loss resulting from the transaction is recognised in the investor’s profit or loss only to the
         extent of the unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied
         prospectively. The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 was removed by
         the HKICPA. However, the amendments are available for adoption now.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   147
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.3 Issued But Not Yet Effective HKFRS Accounting Standards (Continued)
           Amendments to HKAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another
           currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when exchangeability is lacking.
           The amendments require disclosures of information that enable users of financial statements to understand the
           impact of a currency not being exchangeable. Earlier application is permitted. When applying the amendments,
           an entity cannot restate comparative information. Any cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments
           shall be recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits or to the cumulative amount
           of translation differences accumulated in a separate component of equity, where appropriate, at the date of
           initial application. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial
           statements.

          Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards — Volume 11 set out amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS
          7 (and the accompanying Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7), HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7. Details of the
          amendments that are expected to be applicable to the Group are as follows:

           •    HKFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures : The amendments have updated certain wording in paragraph
                B38 of HKFRS 7 and paragraphs IG1, IG14 and IG20B of the Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7 for the
                purpose of simplification or achieving consistency with other paragraphs in the standard and/or with the
                concepts and terminology used in other standards. In addition, the amendments clarify that the Guidance
                on implementing HKFRS 7 does not necessarily illustrate all the requirements in the referenced paragraphs
                of HKFRS 7 nor does it create additional requirements. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are
                not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

           •    HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments : The amendments clarify that when a lessee has determined that a lease
                liability has been extinguished in accordance with HKFRS 9, the lessee is required to apply paragraph 3.3.3
                of HKFRS 9 and recognise any resulting gain or loss in profit or loss. In addition, the amendments have
                updated certain wording in paragraph 5.1.3 of HKFRS 9 and Appendix A of HKFRS 9 to remove potential
                confusion. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact
                on the Group’s financial statements.

           •    HKFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements : The amendments clarify that the relationship described in
                paragraph B74 of HKFRS 10 is just one example of various relationships that might exist between the
                investor and other parties acting as de facto agents of the investor, which removes the inconsistency with
                the requirement in paragraph B73 of HKFRS 10. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not
                expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

           •    HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows : The amendments replace the term “cost method” with “at cost” in
                paragraph 37 of HKAS 7 following the prior deletion of the definition of “cost method”. Earlier application
                is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any impact on the Group’s financial statements.




148 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies
         Investments in associates and joint ventures
         An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of generally not less than 20% of the equity
         voting rights and over which it has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the
         financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.

         A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement
         have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an
         arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the
         parties sharing control.

         The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of financial
         position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses.
         Adjustments are made to bring into line any dissimilar accounting policies that may exist.

         The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates and joint
         ventures is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated other comprehensive income,
         respectively. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the associate or
         joint venture, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated statement of
         changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates
         or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates or joint ventures,
         except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill arising from
         the acquisition of associates or joint ventures is included as part of the Group’s investments in associates or joint
         ventures.

         If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest is not
         remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method. In all other case,
         upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the Group measures
         and recognises any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount of the
         associate or joint venture upon loss of significant influence or joint control and the fair value of the retained
         investment and proceeds from disposal is recognised in profit or loss.

         When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is classified as held for sale, it is accounted for in
         accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   149
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Business combinations and goodwill
           Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is measured
           at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets transferred by the
           Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by
           the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether to
           measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s
           identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-
           related costs are expensed as incurred.

           The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets includes an
           input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.

           When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate
           classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent
           conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts of the
           acquiree.

           If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its
           acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive
           income, as appropriate.

           Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date.
           Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair value
           recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and subsequent
           settlement is accounted for within equity.

           Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the
           amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interests
           in the acquiree over the identifiable net assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this consideration
           and other items is lower than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after reassessment,
           recognised in profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase.

           After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is tested
           for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value
           may be impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 31 December. For the purpose
           of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to
           each of the Group’s cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units, that are expected to benefit from
           the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to
           those units or groups of units.

           Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-
           generating units) to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group
           of cash-generating units) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. An impairment loss
           recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.




150 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Business combinations and goodwill (Continued)
         Where goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) and part of the
         operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in
         the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill disposed of in
         these circumstances is measured based on the relative value of the operation disposed of and the portion of the
         cash-generating unit retained.

         Fair value measurement
         The Group measures its certain equity investments, debt investments, certain financial assets and financial
         liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss at fair value at the end of each
         reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
         orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based
         on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal
         market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the
         asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value
         of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the
         asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

         A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate
         economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that
         would use the asset in its highest and best use.

         The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
         are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of
         unobservable inputs.

         All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised
         within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
         value measurement as a whole:

         Level 1   —    based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

         Level 2   —    based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                        measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly

         Level 3   —    based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                        measurement is unobservable

         For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines
         whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based on the
         lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting
         period.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024    151
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Impairment of non-financial assets
           Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for non-financial asset is required (other
           than inventories, contract assets, deferred tax assets, investment properties and non-current assets/a disposal
           group classified as held for sale), the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount
           is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is
           determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent
           of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-
           generating unit to which the asset belongs.

           In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a
           headquarters building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if it can be allocated on a reasonable and
           consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of cash-generating units.

           An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In
           assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
           discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
           asset. An impairment loss is charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those
           expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.

           An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously
           recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the
           recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is
           reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that
           asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any
           depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such
           an impairment loss is credited to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises.




152 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Related parties
         A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

         (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

               (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

               (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

               (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

         or

         (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

               (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

               (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow
                       subsidiary of the other entity);

               (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

               (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

               (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an
                       entity related to the Group;

               (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

               (vii)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                       management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

               (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                      services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024    153
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
           Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated
           depreciation and any impairment losses. When an item of property, plant and equipment is classified as held for
           sale or when it is part of a disposal group classified as held for sale, it is not depreciated and is accounted for in
           accordance with HKFRS 5. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and
           any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

           Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs
           and maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In
           situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the
           carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are
           required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives
           and depreciates them accordingly.

           Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and
           equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose are
           as follows:

           Freehold land                                                                                         Not depreciated
           Buildings                                                                                           2.00% to 10.00%
           Plant and machinery                                                                                 4.75% to 33.33%
           Medical devices                                                                                     9.50% to 20.00%
           Office equipment                                                                                    4.85% to 33.33%
           Motor vehicles                                                                                      9.00% to 33.33%
           Leasehold improvements                                                                             10.00% to 20.00%

           Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is
           allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful
           lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

           An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon
           disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal
           or retirement recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference
           between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.

           Construction in progress is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. It is reclassified to the
           appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.




154 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale
         Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amounts will be recovered
         principally through a sales transaction rather than through continuing use. For this to be the case, the asset or
         disposal group must be available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are usual
         and customary for the sale of such assets or disposal groups and its sale must be highly probable. All assets and
         liabilities of a subsidiary classified as a disposal group are reclassified as held for sale regardless of whether the
         Group retains a non-controlling interest in its former subsidiary after the sale.

         Non-current assets and disposal groups (other than investment properties and financial assets) classified as held
         for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amounts and fair values less costs to sell. Property, plant and
         equipment and intangible assets classified as held for sale are not depreciated or amortised.

         Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
         Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets
         acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of intangible assets
         are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over the
         useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be
         impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are
         reviewed at least at each financial year end.

         Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually or at the
         cash-generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful life of an intangible asset
         with an indefinite life is reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life assessment continues to
         be supportable. If not, the change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for on a
         prospective basis.

         Trademarks
         Trademarks with finite useful lives are measured initially at cost and are amortised on the straight-line basis
         over the respective estimated useful lives. Trademarks with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment
         annually either individually or at the cash-generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The
         useful lives of trademarks are reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life assessment continues
         to be supportable. If not, the change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for on a
         prospective basis.

         Medicine licences, technical know-how and operating concession rights
         Medicine licences and technical know-how with finite useful lives are measured initially at cost and are amortised
         on the straight-line basis over the respective estimated useful lives. Medicine licences, technical know-how and
         operating concession rights with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually or
         at the cash-generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful lives of medicine licences,
         technical know-how and operating concession rights are reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite
         life assessment continues to be supportable. If not, the change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to
         finite is accounted for on a prospective basis.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024    155
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
          Intangible assets (other than goodwill) (Continued)
          Patents
          Patents with finite useful lives are measured initially at cost and are amortised on the straight-line basis over the
          respective estimated useful lives. Patents with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either
          individually or at the cash-generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful lives of
          patents are reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life assessment continues to be supportable. If
          not, the change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for on a prospective basis.

          Office software
          Purchased office software is stated at cost less any impairment losses and is amortised on the straight-line basis
          over the estimated useful life of 2 to 10 years.

          Business networks
          Business networks are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the straight-line basis over
          the respective estimated useful lives.

          Research and development costs
          All research costs are charged to the statement of profit or loss as incurred.

           Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when the Group can
           demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale,
           its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future economic
           benefits, the availability of resources to complete the project and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure
           during the development. Product development expenditure which does not meet these criteria is expensed when
           incurred.

           Deferred development costs are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised using the straight-line
           basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products, commencing from the date when the products are put
           into commercial production.

           Leases
           The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a
           lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
           consideration.

          Group as a lessee
          The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and
          leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets
          representing the right to use the underlying assets.

           At inception or on reassessment of a contract that contains a lease component and non-lease component(s),
           the Group adopts the practical expedient not to separate non-lease component(s) and to account for the lease
           component and the associated non-lease component(s) (e.g., property management services for leases of
           properties) as a single lease component.




156 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Leases (Continued)
         Group as a lessee (Continued)
         (a) Right-of-use assets
              Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the underlying
              asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less accumulated depreciation and any
              impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets
              includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at
              or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated
              on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets as
              follows:

               Buildings                                                                                      2 to 20 years
               Plant and machinery                                                                            5 to 10 years
               Motor vehicles                                                                                       3 years
               Prepaid land lease payments                                                                   20 to 50 years

               If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the
               exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.

         (b)   Lease liabilities
               Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease
               payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-
               substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an
               index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments
               also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and
               payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option
               to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised
               as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

               In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the
               lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After
               the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and
               reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if
               there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future
               lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to
               purchase the underlying asset.

         (c)   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
               The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery and
               equipment (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date
               and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the recognition exemption for leases of low-value
               assets to leases of office equipment and laptop computers that are considered to be of low value.

               Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as an expense on a
               straight-line basis over the lease term.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   157
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
          Leases (Continued)
          Group as a lessor
          When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification) each of its
          leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

           Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an
           asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group
           allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental
           income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is included in revenue in the statement
           of profit or loss due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating
           lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis
           as rental income. Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

           Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the
           lessee, are accounted for as finance leases.

          Investments and other financial assets
          Initial recognition and measurement
          Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through
          other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

           The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
           characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that
           do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient
           of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset
           at its fair value, plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs.
           Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the
           practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS 15 in accordance with the
           policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.

           In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other
           comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
           (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and
           measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

           The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order
           to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual
           cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are
           held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows,
           while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within
           a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets
           which are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through
           profit or loss.




158 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
         Initial recognition and measurement (Continued)
         Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by
         regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the Group
         commits to purchase or sell the asset.

         Subsequent measurement
         The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

         Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
         Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are subject
         to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is derecognised,
         modified or impaired.

         Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)
         For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign exchange
         revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognised in the statement of profit or loss and computed
         in the same manner as for financial assets measured at amortised cost. The remaining fair value changes are
         recognised in other comprehensive income. Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognised in
         other comprehensive income is recycled to the statement of profit or loss.

         Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity investments)
         Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity investments
         designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the definition of equity under
         HKAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The classification is determined on an
         instrument-by-instrument basis.

         Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss. Dividends are
         recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established,
         except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in
         which case, such gains are recorded in other comprehensive income. Equity investments designated at fair value
         through other comprehensive income are not subject to impairment assessment.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   159
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
           Subsequent measurement (Continued)
           Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
           Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value
           with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

           This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected
           to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on the equity investments are also
           recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established.

           A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated from the
           host and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to
           the host; a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition of
           a derivative; and the hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss. Embedded derivatives
           are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss. Reassessment
           occurs if there is either a change in the terms of the contract that significantly modifies the cash flows.

           A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for separately.
           The financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in its entirety as a
           financial asset at fair value through profit or loss.

           Derecognition of financial assets
           A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is
           primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:

           •     the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

           •     the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay
                 the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement;
                 and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group
                 has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred
                 control of the asset.

           When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through
           arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset.
           When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred
           control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s
           continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset
           and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has
           retained.




160 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Derecognition of financial assets (Continued)
         Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower
         of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be
         required to repay.

         Impairment of financial assets
         The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at
         fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due
         in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an
         approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale
         of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

         General approach
         ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in
         credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are
         possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a
         significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected
         over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

         At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased
         significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default
         occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial
         instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is
         available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information. The Group considers
         that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30 days past
         due.

         The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 360 days past due. However, in
         certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information
         indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into
         account any credit enhancements held by the Group.

         For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, the Group applies the low credit risk
         simplification. At each reporting date, the Group evaluates whether the debt investments are considered to have
         low credit risk using all reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort. In
         making that evaluation, the Group reassesses the external credit ratings of the debt investments.

         A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   161
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
           General approach (Continued)
           Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortised cost
           are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following stages for
           measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and contract assets which apply the simplified approach as
           detailed below.

           Stage 1 —      Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition
                          and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs

           Stage 2 —      Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but
                          that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an
                          amount equal to lifetime ECLs

           Stage 3 —      Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or
                          originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                          lifetime ECLs

          Simplified approach
          For trade and bills receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group applies
          the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies the
          simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in
          credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has
          established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking
          factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

           For trade and bills receivables and contract assets that contain a significant financing component and lease
           receivables, the Group chooses as its accounting policy to adopt the simplified approach in calculating ECLs with
           policies as described above.

          Financial liabilities
          Initial recognition and measurement
          Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss,
          loans and borrowings, payables, as appropriate.

           All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables,
           net of directly attributable transaction costs.

           The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and bills payables, other payables and accruals, derivative financial
           instruments and interest-bearing bank and other borrowings.




162 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Financial liabilities (Continued)
         Subsequent measurement
         The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

         Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
         Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial
         liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.

         Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing in
         the near term. This category also includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Group that are
         not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined by HKFRS 9. Separated embedded
         derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments.
         Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the statement of profit or loss. The net fair value
         gain or loss recognised in the statement of profit or loss does not include any interest charged on these financial
         liabilities.

         Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss are designated at the
         initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in HKFRS 9 are satisfied. Gains or losses on liabilities designated
         at fair value through profit or loss are recognised in the statement of profit or loss, except for the gains or losses
         arising from the Group’s own credit risk which are presented in other comprehensive income with no subsequent
         reclassification to the statement of profit or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognised in the statement of
         profit or loss does not include any interest charged on these financial liabilities.

         Financial liabilities at amortised cost (trade and other payables, and borrowings)
         After initial recognition, trade and other payables, and interest-bearing borrowings are subsequently measured
         at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial,
         in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the
         liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.

         Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that
         are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance
         costs in the statement of profit or loss.

         Derecognition of financial liabilities
         A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.

         When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms,
         or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as
         a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the
         respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024    163
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Offsetting of financial instruments
           Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial
           position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention
           to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

          Derivative financial instruments
          Initial recognition and subsequent measurement
          The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward carrying contracts and interest rate swaps,
          to hedge its foreign currency risk and interest rate risk, respectively. Such derivative financial instruments are
          initially recognised at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently
          remeasured at fair value. Derivatives are carried as assets when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the
          fair value is negative.

           The fair value of commodity purchase contracts that meet the definition of a derivative as defined by HKFRS 9
           is recognised in the statement of profit or loss as cost of sales. Commodity contracts that are entered into and
           continue to be held for the purpose of the receipt or delivery of a non-financial item in accordance with the
           Group’s expected purchase, sale or usage requirements are held at cost.

           Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value of derivatives are taken directly to the statement of profit
           or loss, except for the effective portion of cash flow hedges, which is recognised in other comprehensive income
           and later reclassified to profit or loss when the hedged item affects profit or loss.

           Treasury shares
           Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (treasury shares) are
           recognised directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognised in the statement of profit or loss on the
           purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Group’s own equity instruments.

           Inventories
           Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the weighted average
           basis and, in the case of work in progress and finished goods, comprises direct materials, direct labour and an
           appropriate proportion of overheads. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated
           costs to be incurred to completion and disposal.

           Cost of inventories includes the transfer from equity of gains and losses on qualifying cash flow hedges in respect
           of the purchases of raw materials.




164 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Cash and cash equivalents
         Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at banks, and short-
         term highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily convertible into
         known amounts of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and held for the purpose of meeting
         short-term cash commitments.

         For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and bank equivalents comprise cash on hand
         and at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand
         and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.

         Provisions
         A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past event
         and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that a
         reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

         When the Group expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, for example, under an insurance contract,
         the reimbursement is recognised as a separate asset, but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain. The
         expense relating to a provision is presented in the statement of profit or loss net of any reimbursement.

         When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at the end
         of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. The increase
         in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs in the
         statement of profit or loss.

         The Group provides for warranties in relation to the sale of certain medical devices and the provision of services
         for general repairs of defects occurring during the warranty period. Provisions for these assurance-type warranties
         granted by the Group are initially recognised based on sales volume and past experience of the level of repairs
         and returns, discounted to their present values as appropriate. The warranty-related cost is revised annually.

         A contingent liability recognised in a business combination is initially measured at its fair value. Subsequently, it
         is measured at the higher of (i) the amount that would be recognised in accordance with the general policy for
         provisions above and (ii) the amount initially recognised less, when appropriate, the amount of income recognised
         in accordance with the policy for revenue recognition.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   165
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Income tax
           Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is
           recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

           Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the
           taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end
           of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries or areas
           in which the Group operates.

           Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting
           period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

           Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

           •     when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a
                 transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
                 accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary
                 differences; and

           •     in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
                 ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable
                 that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

           Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax
           credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable
           profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax
           credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

           •     when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial
                 recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the
                 transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal
                 taxable and deductible temporary differences; and

           •     in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and
                 joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary
                 differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the
                 temporary differences can be utilised.

           The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
           the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the
           deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting
           period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available
           to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.




166 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Income tax (Continued)
         Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the
         asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
         enacted by the end of the reporting period.

         Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right to
         set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to
         income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities
         which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the
         liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are
         expected to be settled or recovered.

         Government grants
         Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will
         be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item,
         it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to
         compensate, are expensed.

         Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and is released to
         the statement of profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal annual instalments
         or deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and released to the statement of profit or loss by way of a
         reduced depreciation charge.

         Revenue recognition
         Revenue from contracts with customers
         Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the
         customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for
         those goods or services.

         When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to
         which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The variable
         consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant
         revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty
         with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

         When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of
         financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the
         present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate
         financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains
         a financing component which provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year,
         revenue recognised under the contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under
         the effective interest method. For a contract where the period between the payment by the customer and the
         transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects
         of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024    167
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Revenue recognition (Continued)
           Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
           (a) Sale of industrial products
               Revenue from the sale of industrial products is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is
               transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of the industrial products.

           (b)   Healthcare services, technology transfer services and consigned processing services
                 Revenue from rendering healthcare services, technology transfer services and consigned processing services
                 is recognised at the point in time when the services were completed. As the customers can not control the
                 service or consume the benefit and have no obligation to pay until each service completed and accepted.

           (c)   Rendering of technical consultancy services and maintenance services
                 Revenue from rendering technical consultancy services and maintenance services is recognised over
                 time, as the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use and the Group has an
                 enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

           (d)   License
                 The Group grant commercialisation licenses or intellectual property licenses (collectively, the “License”) of
                 certain products. The License are either sold separately or bundled together with research and development
                 service to one customer.

                 Contracts for bundled License and research and development service are comprised of two performance
                 obligations because the promises to transfer the License and provide research and development service are
                 capable of being distinct and separately identifiable. Accordingly, the transaction price is allocated based on
                 the relative stand-alone selling prices of the License and research and development services.

          Revenue from other sources
          Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms. Variable lease payments that do not
          depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are incurred.

          Other income
          Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that
          exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter
          period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

           Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established, it is
           probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the
           dividend can be measured reliably.




168 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Contract assets
         If the Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before being unconditionally entitled to
         the consideration under the contract terms, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that is
         conditional. Contract assets are subject to impairment assessment, details of which are included in the accounting
         policies for impairment of financial assets. They are reclassified to trade receivables when the right to the
         consideration becomes unconditional.

         Contract liabilities
         A contract liability is recognised when a payment is made received or the a payment is due (whichever is earlier)
         from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as
         revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to
         the customer).

         Contract costs
         Other than the costs which are capitalised as inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets,
         costs incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the following criteria are met:

         (a)   The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically identify.

         (b)   The costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to
               satisfy) performance obligations in the future.

         (c)   The costs are expected to be recovered.

         The capitalised contract costs are amortised and charged to the statement of profit or loss on a systematic basis
         that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset relates. Other
         contract costs are expensed as incurred.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024    169
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Share-based payments
           The Company operates a share incentive scheme. Employees (including directors) of the Group receive
           remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services in exchange for equity
           instruments (“equity-settled transactions”). The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees is measured
           by reference to the fair value at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external
           valuer using a binomial model, further details of which are given in note 45 to the financial statements.

           The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in employee benefit expense, together with a corresponding
           increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled. The cumulative
           expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting period until the vesting date
           reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity
           instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to the statement of profit or loss for a period represents
           the movement in the cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end of the period.

           Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date fair
           value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s best estimate of
           the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions are reflected within the
           grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but without an associated service requirement,
           are considered to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair value of an award
           and lead to an immediate expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or performance conditions.

           For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have not been
           met, no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the transactions are
           treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other
           performance or service conditions are satisfied.

           Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as if the
           terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense is recognised
           for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is otherwise beneficial to
           the employee as measured at the date of modification. Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated
           as if it had vested on the date of cancellation, and any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised
           immediately.

           This includes any award where non-vesting conditions within the control of either the Group or the employee
           are not met. However, if a new award is substituted for the cancelled award, and is designated as a replacement
           award on the date that it is granted, the cancelled and new awards are treated as if they were a modification of
           the original award, as described in the previous paragraph.

           The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of earnings
           per share.




170 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
         Other employee benefits
         Retirement benefits
         The full-time employees of the Group in the PRC are covered by various government-regulated defined
         contribution retirement benefit schemes under which the employees are entitled to a monthly pension. The
         Group contributes a percentage of the employees’ salaries to these retirement benefit schemes on a monthly
         basis. Under these schemes, the Group has no legal obligation for retirement benefits beyond the contributions
         made. Contributions to these schemes are expensed as incurred.

         Accommodation benefits
         According to the relevant PRC rules and regulations, the PRC companies now comprising the Group and their
         employees are each required to make contributions which are in proportion to the salaries and wages of the
         employees to an accommodation fund administered by government agencies in the PRC. There is no further
         obligation on the part of the Group except for such contributions to the accommodation fund. Contributions to
         an accommodation fund administered by government agencies are charged to the statement of profit or loss as
         and when they are incurred.

         Termination benefits
         Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those
         benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination benefits.

         Borrowing costs
         Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, i.e.,
         assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are capitalised
         as part of the cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases when the assets are
         substantially ready for their intended use or sale. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which
         they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the
         borrowing of funds.

         Where funds have been borrowed generally, and used for the purpose of obtaining qualifying assets, a
         capitalisation rate ranging between 3.18% and 4.88% has been applied to the expenditure on the individual
         assets.

         Events after the reporting period
         If the Group receives information after the reporting period, but prior to the date of authorisation for issue,
         about conditions that existed at the end of the reporting period, it will assess whether the information affects
         the amounts that it recognises in its financial statements. The Group will adjust the amounts recognised in its
         financial statements to reflect any adjusting events after the reporting period and update the disclosures that
         relate to those conditions in light of the new information. For non-adjusting events after the reporting period, the
         Group will not change the amounts recognised in its financial statements, but will disclose the nature of the non-
         adjusting events and an estimate of their financial effects, or a statement that such an estimate cannot be made,
         if applicable.

         Dividends
         Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting.
         Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   171
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
           Foreign currencies
           These financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company’s functional currency. Each entity in the
           Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are
           measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group
           are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
           Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency rates of
           exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary
           items are recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

           Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in the statement of profit or
           loss with the exception of monetary items that are designated as part of the hedge of the Group’s net investment
           of a foreign operation. These are recognised in other comprehensive income until the net investment is disposed
           of, at which time the cumulative amount is reclassified to the statement of profit or loss. Tax charges and credits
           attributable to exchange differences on those monetary items are also recorded in other comprehensive income.

           Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
           exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign
           currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss
           arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of
           the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain
           or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive
           income or profit or loss, respectively).

           In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the
           derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date
           of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-monetary
           liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group
           determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.

           The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries are currencies other than RMB. As at the end of the
           reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing
           at the end of the reporting period and their statements of profit or loss are translated into RMB at the weighted
           average exchange rates for the year.

           The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
           exchange fluctuation reserve, except to the extent that the differences are attributable to non-controlling
           interests. On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount in the reserve relating to that particular
           foreign operation is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.




172 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.4 Material Accounting Policies (Continued)
          Foreign currencies (Continued)
          Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying
          amounts of assets and liabilities arising on acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation
          and translated at the closing rate.

          For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are translated
          into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash flows of overseas
          subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange rates for
          the year.

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

     The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and
     assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their accompanying
     disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result
     in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the
     future.

     Judgements
     In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart
     from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial
     statements:

     Classification of financial assets
     The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the Group’s business model for managing
     the financial assets and the financial assets’ contractual cash flow characteristics: (1) management needs to make
     significant judgement when assessing its business model, including but is not limited to (a) how the performance of the
     business model and the financial assets held within that business model are evaluated and reported to the entity’s key
     management personnel; (b) the risks that affect the performance of the business model and the financial assets held
     within that business model and, in particular, the way in which those risks are managed; and (c) how managers of the
     business are compensated. In determining whether cash flows are going to be realised by collecting the financial assets’
     contractual cash flows, management needs to consider the reasons for the sales, timing of sales, frequency and value
     in prior periods; and (2) management needs to make significant judgement on whether the contractual cash flows are
     solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, such as whether contractual cash flows
     could be significantly different from the benchmark cash flows involves judgement when assessing a modified time
     value of a money element, and whether the fair value of prepayment features is insignificant also requires judgement
     when assessing the financial assets with prepayment features.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024    173
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

     Judgements (Continued)
     Determining the method to estimate variable consideration
     Certain contracts include variable consideration based on the future events. In estimating the variable consideration, the
     Group is required to use either the expected value method or the most likely amount method based on which method
     better predicts the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled.

     Given that the payments of certain variable consideration are not within the control of the Group, such as regulatory
     approvals, relevant consideration is not considered until relevant approvals are obtained. The Group determines that
     the most likely amount method is the appropriate method to estimate the variable consideration. When it is highly
     probable that the income corresponding to the relevant consideration will not be significantly reversed, the uncertainty
     of the variable consideration is eliminated and the variable consideration will be included in the transaction price. At the
     end of each reporting period, the Group will re-evaluate the probability of the payment of the variable consideration,
     and if necessary, adjust the estimation of the overall transaction price.

     Estimation uncertainty
     The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting
     period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
     within the next financial year, are described below:

     Impairment of goodwill
     The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an estimation of the
     value in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value in use requires the
     Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the cash-generating units and also to choose a
     suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The carrying amount of goodwill at
     31 December 2024 was RMB10,905,083,000 (2023: RMB10,851,999,000). Further details are given in note 17 to the
     financial statements.

     Provision for expected credit losses on trade and bills receivables and contract assets
     The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade and bills receivables and contract assets. The provision
     rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns (i.e.,
     by geography, product type, customer type and rating, and coverage by letters of credit and other forms of credit
     insurance).

     The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate the
     matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For instance, if forecast economic
     conditions (i.e., gross domestic products) are expected to deteriorate over the next year which can lead to an increased
     number of defaults in the manufacturing sector, the historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the
     historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.

     The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is
     a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast economic conditions.
     The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of
     customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Group’s trade and bill receivables cost is
     disclosed in note 26 to the financial statements, respectively.




174 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

     Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     Leases — Estimating the incremental borrowing rate
     The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an incremental borrowing
     rate (“IBR”) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow
     over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-
     use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the Group “would have to pay”, which
     requires estimation when no observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into financing
     transactions) or when it needs to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease (for example, when leases
     are not in the subsidiary’s functional currency). The Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market
     interest rates) when available and is required to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the subsidiary’s stand-
     alone credit rating).

     Impairment of non-financial assets (other than goodwill)
     The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets at the end of each
     reporting period. Indefinite-life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually and at other times when such
     an indicator exists. Other non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying
     amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or a cash-generating unit
     exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The
     calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data from binding sales transactions in an arm’s
     length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing of the asset. When
     value in use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate the expected future cash flows from the asset or
     cash-generating unit and choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows.

     Net realisable value of inventories
     Net realisable value of inventories is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated cost
     to be incurred to completion and sale. These estimates are based on the current market condition and the historical
     experience of selling products of a similar nature. It could change significantly as a result of changes in customers’
     needs and prices change when the products’ expiration date is approaching. Management reassesses these estimates at
     the end of the reporting period.

     Fair value of unlisted equity investments
     The unlisted equity investments have been valued based on a market-based valuation technique as detailed in note
     51 to the financial statements. The valuation requires the Group to determine the comparable public companies
     (peers) and select the price multiple. In addition, the Group makes estimates about the discount for illiquidity and size
     differences. The Group classifies the fair value of these investments as Level 3. The fair value of the unlisted equity
     investments at 31 December 2024 was RMB2,410,866,000 (2023: RMB1,637,244,000). Further details are included in
     note 29 to the financial statements.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   175
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

     Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     Valuation of the identifiable assets and liabilities through business combinations and the recognised
     corresponding goodwill
     The Group completed certain business combinations during the year. The purchase prices are allocated between the
     fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed which result in the recognition of goodwill.
     Management, assisted by the external appraisers, evaluated the fair values of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
     assumed and completed the purchase price allocation. The fair value determination in the accounting for business
     combinations relied on significant management estimation in respect of fair value assessments.

     Useful lives of property, plant and equipment
     The Group determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation charges for its property, plant and equipment.
     This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of property, plant and equipment of similar
     nature and functions. It could change significantly as a result of technical innovations, or competitor actions in response
     to severe industry cycles. Management will increase the depreciation charge where useful lives are less than previously
     estimated lives, or it will write off or write down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned
     or sold.

     Useful lives of intangible assets (other than goodwill)
     The Group determines the estimated useful lives for its intangible assets. This estimate is based on the historical
     experience of the actual useful lives of intangible assets of similar nature and functions. It could change significantly as
     a result of technical innovations, or competitor actions in response to severe industry cycles. Management will increase
     the amortisation charge where useful lives are less than previously estimated lives, or it will write off or write down
     technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold.

     Development costs
     Development costs are capitalised in accordance with the accounting policy for research and development costs in note
     2.4 to the financial statements. Determining the amounts to be capitalised requires management to make assumptions
     regarding to future economic benefits.

     Deferred tax assets
     Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be
     available against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement is required to determine the
     amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable
     profits, together with future tax planning strategies.

     As at 31 December 2024, the Group has tax losses of RMB11,342,606,000 (2023: RMB11,138,269,000) carried
     forward. These losses related to subsidiaries that have a history of losses, have not expired, and may not be used to
     offset taxable income elsewhere in the Group. The subsidiaries have neither any taxable temporary difference nor any
     tax planning opportunities available that could partly support the recognition of these losses as deferred tax assets. On
     this basis, the Group has determined that it cannot recognise deferred tax assets on the tax losses carried forward.

     Further details on deferred taxes are disclosed in note 22 to the financial statements.




176 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

     For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their products and services and has five
     reportable operating segments as follows:

     (a)   the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment mainly engages in the R&D, production and sale of medicine;

     (b)   the medical devices and medical diagnosis segment mainly engages in the R&D production and sale of medical
           devices and diagnostic products;

     (c)   the healthcare service segment mainly engages in the provision of healthcare service and hospital management;

     (d)   the pharmaceutical distribution and retail segment mainly engages in distribution and retail of medicine and
           medical devices; and

     (e)   the other business operations segment comprises businesses other than those mentioned above.

     Management monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments separately for the purpose of making decisions
     about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on reportable
     segment profit or loss, which is a measure of adjusted profit or loss after tax. The adjusted profit or loss after tax is
     measured consistently with the Group’s profit or loss after tax except that fair value gain or loss on financial assets at
     fair value through profit or loss, as well as head office and investment management entities income and expenses are
     excluded from such measurement.

     Intersegment revenues are eliminated on consolidation. Intersegment sales and transfers are transacted with reference
     to the selling prices used for sales made to third parties at the then prevailing market prices.

     Segment assets exclude financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, equity investments designated at fair value
     through other comprehensive income, entrusted loan recorded in current assets and unallocated head office and
     investment management entities assets as these assets are managed on a group basis.

     Segment liabilities exclude interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, interest payable and unallocated head office
     and investment management entities liabilities as these liabilities are managed on a group basis.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   177
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     Year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                     Medical
                                                                     devices            Pharmaceutical                  Other
                                                  Pharmaceutical and medical Healthcare    distribution               business
                                                  manufacturing    diagnosis    Service      and retail             operations Eliminations           Total
                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000   RMB’000         RMB’000                 RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000

     Segment revenue:
       Sales to external customers                    28,776,374       4,319,831    7,641,520                 —        172,153             —       40,909,878
       Intersegment sales                                349,805          28,923       26,084                 —         18,772       (423,584)             —

     Total segment revenue                            29,126,179       4,348,754    7,667,604                 —        190,925       (423,584)     40,909,878

     Segment results*                                   3,304,450       (112,028)       71,407                —        (13,745)      (224,640)      3,025,444
     Other income                                         317,971         42,234        57,933                —         20,305             —          438,443
     Other gains                                          640,612         29,176         5,873                —          3,616             —          679,277
     Interest income                                      271,627         22,920        27,761                —            969        (14,078)        309,199
     Finance costs                                       (283,814)       (50,526)     (284,039)               —        (47,992)       111,167        (555,204)
     Other expenses/Impairment losses on
        financial assets                                 (175,537)      (100,352)     (165,177)               —         51,467              —        (389,599)
     Share of profits and losses of:
       Joint ventures                                    (177,081)            —         (2,380)              —          (4,948)             —        (184,409)
       Associates                                          12,440         88,797         3,552        1,777,036        (53,577)             —       1,828,248
     Unallocated other income, interest income,
       other gains, finance cost, and expenses                                                                                                       (982,118)

     Profit/(loss) before tax                           3,910,668        (79,779)     (285,070)       1,777,036        (43,905)      (127,551)      4,169,281
     Tax                                                 (661,037)        27,644       (29,544)              —           4,336             —         (658,601)
     Unallocated tax                                                                                                                                    1,760

     Profit/(loss) for the year                         3,249,631        (52,135)     (314,614)       1,777,036        (39,569)      (127,551)      3,512,440

     Segment assets                                   62,739,635     10,567,425 16,042,253           20,073,115      4,794,710      (3,490,489) 110,726,649
       Including:
           Investments in joint ventures                    5,420             —         5,590                —           9,890              —          20,900
           Investments in associates                      410,292      1,547,459      626,861        20,073,115      1,974,497              —      24,632,224
     Unallocated assets                                                                                                                             6,695,541

     Total assets                                                                                                                                 117,422,190

     Segment liabilities                              22,786,278       3,014,253    6,873,212                 —      2,268,299     (15,084,739)    19,857,303
     Unallocated liabilities                                                                                                                       37,669,535

     Total liabilities                                                                                                                             57,526,838

     Other segment information:
       Depreciation and amortisation                    2,104,612       256,361       717,155                 —        164,018              —       3,242,146
       Impairment losses recognised in
         the statement of profit or loss, net              66,608         52,060        88,533                —          (2,952)            —        204,249
       Impairment losses recognised in
         the statement of profit or loss, net
         (unallocated)                                                                                                                                  2,952
       Capital expenditure**                            3,795,471       745,330     2,065,760                 —         34,045              —       6,640,606

     *        Segment results are obtained as segment revenue less cost of sales, selling and distribution expenses and administrative expenses and research
              and development expenses.

     **       Capital expenditure consists of additions to property, plant and equipment, other intangible assets and prepaid land lease payments included in
              right-of-use assets (not including the addition from acquisitions of subsidiaries).




178 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     Year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                       Medical
                                                                   devices and                    Pharmaceutical        Other
                                                  Pharmaceutical       medical     Healthcare        distribution     business
                                                  manufacturing      diagnosis        Service          and retail   operations   Eliminations          Total
                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

     Segment revenue:
     Sales to external customers                     30,080,246     4,386,495       6,667,137                 —      114,627              —       41,248,505
     Intersegment sales                                 470,731        54,063          42,866                 —       35,726        (603,386)             —

     Total segment revenue                           30,550,977     4,440,558       6,710,003                 —      150,353        (603,386)     41,248,505

     Segment results*                                 2,133,620      (126,443)       (200,661)                —      (80,398)       (119,758)      1,606,360
     Other income                                       342,065        56,167          49,453                 —       49,415               —         497,100
     Other gains                                        329,170            56          23,039                 —      149,667               —         501,932
     Interest income                                    235,169        30,611          24,260                 —        2,615          (23,896)       268,759
     Finance costs                                     (254,032)      (34,398)       (245,598)                —      (44,186)        133,272        (444,942)
     Other expenses/Impairment losses on
        financial assets                               (288,780)      (93,932)        (65,354)                —        (1,002)         1,173        (447,895)
     Share of profits and losses of:
       Joint ventures                                  (209,238)           —           (1,376)               —          8,584              —        (202,030)
       Associates                                        27,365       128,527           1,427         2,242,195       (12,635)             —       2,386,879
     Unallocated other income, interest income,
       other gains, finance cost, and expenses                                                                                                      (889,255)

     Profit/(loss) before tax                         2,315,339       (39,412)       (414,810)        2,242,195        72,060          (9,209)     3,276,908
     Tax                                               (341,571)        6,666          (25,005)              —         (6,189)             —        (366,099)
     Unallocated tax                                                                                                                                  (3,405)

     Profit/(loss) for the year                       1,973,768       (32,746)       (439,815)        2,242,195        65,871          (9,209)     2,907,404

     Segment assets                                  60,228,777    10,328,867     15,575,622         18,972,525     5,096,173     (2,997,488) 107,204,476
     Including:
     Investments in joint ventures                       67,249            —              —                  —         11,661              —          78,910
     Investments in associates                          505,797     1,483,895        688,591         18,972,525     2,151,305              —      23,802,113
     Unallocated assets                                                                                                                            6,226,751

     Total assets                                                                                                                                113,431,227

     Segment liabilities                             24,081,873     2,672,929       7,609,566                 —     2,077,696    (13,666,779)     22,775,285
     Unallocated liabilities                                                                                                                      34,078,057

     Total liabilities                                                                                                                            56,853,342

     Other segment information:
     Depreciation and amortisation                    2,186,643       369,461        532,164                  —      114,485               —       3,202,753
     Impairment losses recognised in the
       statement of profit or loss, net                 224,224        82,804          53,055                 —            —               —         360,083
     Impairment losses recognised in the
       statement of profit or loss, net
       (unallocated)                                                                                                                                  (8,414)
     Capital expenditure**                            4,470,575       551,519        602,539                  —      133,195               —       5,757,828

     *        Segment results are obtained as segment revenue less cost of sales, selling and distribution expenses and administrative expenses and research
              and development expenses.

     **       Capital expenditure consists of additions to property, plant and equipment, other intangible assets and prepaid land lease payments included in
              right-of-use assets (not including the addition from acquisitions of subsidiaries).




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024        179
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     Geographical information
     (a)     Revenue from external customers
                                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


             Chinese Mainland                                                                   29,612,556         30,877,890
             Overseas countries and regions                                                     11,297,322         10,370,615


             Total revenue                                                                      40,909,878         41,248,505


             The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.

     (b)     Non-current assets
                                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


             Chinese Mainland                                                                   66,727,040         63,249,069
             Overseas countries and regions                                                     14,036,115         14,390,165


             Total non-current assets                                                           80,763,155         77,639,234


             The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes financial instruments
             and deferred tax assets.

     Information about major customers
     Revenue amounted to 14% of the Group’s total revenue was derived from sales to a single related party for the year
     ended 31 December 2024 of ( For the year ended 31 December 2023: 16%). No other single customer generated
     revenue above 10% of the Group’s total revenue.

5.   REVENUE

     An analysis of the Group’s revenue is as follows:

                                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


     Revenue from contracts with customers                                                      40,821,957         41,185,904
     Revenue from other sources
       Gross rental income                                                                           87,921            62,601


     Total                                                                                      40,909,878         41,248,505




180 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


5.   REVENUE (Continued)

     Revenue from contracts with customers
     (i)   Disaggregated revenue information
           For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                      Medical devices              Pharmaceutical      Other
                                                     Pharmaceutical     and medical Healthcare        distribution   business
           Segments                                  manufacturing         diagnosis   Service          and retail operations      Total
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000 RMB’000              RMB’000 RMB’000         RMB’000


           Types of goods or services
           Sale of medical products                      26,856,459        4,175,615     274,442               —      82,613    31,389,129
           Rendering of services and others               1,878,581          136,539   7,359,117               —      39,780     9,414,017
           Sale of materials                                 17,113            1,183         515               —          —         18,811


           Total                                         28,752,153        4,313,337   7,634,074               —     122,393    40,821,957


           Geographical markets
           Chinese Mainland                              20,485,123        1,299,258   7,626,518               —     113,736    29,524,635
           Overseas countries and regions                 8,267,030        3,014,079       7,556               —       8,657    11,297,322


           Total                                         28,752,153        4,313,337   7,634,074               —     122,393    40,821,957


           Timing of revenue recognition
           Goods and materials transferred
              at a point in time                         26,873,572        4,176,798     274,957               —      82,613    31,407,940
           Services transferred at a point in time        1,438,174           24,139   7,359,117               —      39,780     8,861,210
           Services transferred over time                   440,407          112,400          —                —          —        552,807


           Total                                         28,752,153        4,313,337   7,634,074               —     122,393    40,821,957




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024    181
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


5.   REVENUE (Continued)

     Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
     (i)   Disaggregated revenue information (Continued)
           For the year ended 31 December 2023

                                                                      Medical devices                 Pharmaceutical          Other
                                                     Pharmaceutical     and medical     Healthcare   distribution and       business
           Segments                                  manufacturing         diagnosis       Service               retail   operations        Total
                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


           Types of goods or services
           Sale of medical products                     28,532,071        4,245,408       686,595                   —        32,949    33,497,023
           Rendering of services and others              1,517,980          127,270     5,976,603                   —        33,450     7,655,303
           Sale of materials                                22,320           11,258            —                    —            —         33,578

           Total                                        30,072,371        4,383,936     6,663,198                   —        66,399    41,185,904


           Geographical markets
           Chinese Mainland                             22,629,786        1,466,935     6,654,040                   —        64,528    30,815,289
           Overseas countries and regions                7,442,585        2,917,001         9,158                   —         1,871    10,370,615

           Total                                        30,072,371        4,383,936     6,663,198                   —        66,399    41,185,904


           Timing of revenue recognition
           Goods and materials transferred at a
              point in time                             28,554,391        4,256,666       686,595                   —        32,949    33,530,601
           Services transferred at a point in time       1,205,727           34,162     5,976,603                   —        33,450     7,249,942
           Services transferred over time                  312,253           93,108            —                    —            —        405,361

           Total                                        30,072,371        4,383,936     6,663,198                   —        66,399    41,185,904


           The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that were included
           in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period and recognised from performance obligations
           satisfied in previous periods:

                                                                                                                   2024                   2023
                                                                                                                RMB’000                 RMB’000


           Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities
             as at the beginning of the reporting period:
             Advances from customers                                                                           1,145,708               1,493,312
             Warranty services                                                                                    54,788                  51,450


           Total                                                                                               1,200,496               1,544,762




182 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


5.   REVENUE (Continued)

     Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
     (ii)    Performance obligations
             Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:

             Sale of goods
             The performance obligation is satisfied at the point when control of the asset is transferred to the customer.

             Rendering of services
             —   The performance obligation is recognized at the point in time when the service is provided

             —       The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and payment is generally

                     due upon completion of installation and customer acceptance.

             The amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially
             unsatisfied) as at 31 December are as follows:

                                                                                                        2024                 2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000


             Amounts expected to be recognised as revenue:
              Within one year                                                                       1,232,315         1,200,496
              After one year                                                                          434,635           319,785


             Total                                                                                  1,666,950         1,520,281


             The amounts disclosed above do not include variable consideration which is constrained.

6.   OTHER INCOME

                                                                                                        2024                 2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000


     Dividend income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                        48,231               61,239
     Dividend income from equity investments designated
       at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                   209                  203
     Government grants                                                                                422,940              463,538


     Total                                                                                            471,380              524,980




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024     183
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


7.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX

     The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                                       2024                  2023
                                                                                                 Notes              RMB’000                RMB’000

     Cost of inventories sold                                                                                    14,617,911             16,189,857
     Cost of services provided                                                                                    6,747,663              5,405,452

     Staff costs (including Directors’, Supervisors’ and Chief Executive’s
       remuneration)
       Salaries and other staff costs                                                                            10,079,294               9,322,174
       Retirement benefits:
          Defined contribution fund                                                                                  638,481                553,831
       Accommodation benefits:
          Defined contribution fund                                                                                  338,108                328,098
       Share-based payment expense                                                                                    21,069                 35,898

                                                                                                                 11,076,952             10,240,001

     Research and development costs:
       Current year expenditure excluding amortisation
         of other intangible assets                                                                                3,373,228              3,877,623
       Less: Government grants for R&D projects*                                                                     (40,256)               (56,687)

                                                                                                                   3,332,972              3,820,936

     Auditors’ remuneration                                                                                            4,660                  4,660
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                                 1,712,575              1,517,737
     Amortisation of other intangible assets                                                                         983,864              1,282,683
     Provision for impairment of property, plant and equipment                                     15                  1,106                  2,408
     Provision for impairment of inventories                                                                          60,352                121,339
     Impairment losses on financial assets, net
     Impairment of trade receivables, net                                                       23 & 26              107,676                110,362
     Impairment of other receivables, net                                                         28                   2,955                 21,565
     Provision for other intangible assets                                                        18                  35,112                 21,592
     Provision for impairment of investment in associates                                         20                      —                  61,284
     Provision for other non-current assets                                                                               —                  13,119
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                           16                474,540                318,258
     Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                                             120,832                113,749
     Loss/(Gain) on disposal of financial assets at fair value
       through profit or loss                                                                                        138,723               (558,489)
     Loss/(Gain) on fair value change of other financial liabilities at fair value
       through profit or loss, net                                                                                     40,305                (47,204)
     Loss on fair value change of financial assets at fair value
       through profit or loss, net                                                                                    69,929                452,384
     Gain on disposal of interests in associates and joint ventures                                 8               (580,558)              (710,599)
     Foreign exchange loss/(gain), net                                                                                13,357                 (13,027)
     Loss on disposal of subsidiaries                                                                                 29,508                   1,046
     Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment
       and other intangible assets                                                                                  (349,299)                   (538)
     Donations                                                                                                        52,493                  45,909

     *     The Group received various government grants related to research and development projects. The government grants received have been recorded
           in other income. Government grants received for which related expenditure has not yet been undertaken are included in deferred income in the
           consolidated statement of financial position. There are no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these grants.




184 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


8.   OTHER GAINS

                                                                                    2024            2023
                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000


     Gain on disposal of interests in associates and joint ventures               580,558         710,599
     Gain on disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         —          558,489
     Gain on fair value change of other financial liabilities at fair value
       through profit or loss, net                                                      —              47,204
     Foreign exchange gain, net                                                         —              13,027
     Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment and
       other intangible assets                                                    371,013               5,564
     Others                                                                        58,893              57,124


     Total                                                                       1,010,464       1,392,007


9.   FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                    2024            2023
                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000


     Interest on bank and other borrowings (excluding lease liabilities)         1,353,843       1,323,035
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                  99,863          50,920


     Subtotal                                                                    1,453,706       1,373,955
     Less: Interest capitalised (note 15)                                          (21,791)        (49,124)


     Total                                                                       1,431,915       1,324,831




                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   185
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


10. DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION

     Directors’, supervisors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section 383 (1)(a),
     (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about
     Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000


     Fees                                                                                                      1,600                1,568


     Other emoluments:
       Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                              13,670              12,181
       Performance related bonuses                                                                             7,915              35,939
       Pension scheme contributions                                                                              384                 330


     Subtotal                                                                                                 21,969              48,450


     Total                                                                                                    23,569              50,018


     During the year, certain directors were granted the incentive schemes of the Group, in respect of their services to the
     Group, under the granted incentive Interest scheme of the Company, further details of which are set out in note 45 to
     the financial statements. The fair value of such options, which has been recognised in the statement of profit or loss
     over the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and the amount included in the financial statements for
     the current year is included in the above directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration disclosures.

     (a)     Independent non-executive directors
             The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

                                                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000


             Ms. Li Ling                                                                                         400                  392
             Mr. Tang Guliang                                                                                    400                  392
             Mr. Wang Quandi                                                                                     400                  392
             Mr. Yu Zishan                                                                                       400                  392


             Total                                                                                             1,600                1,568


             There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year (2023: Nil).




186 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


10. DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)

    (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors, supervisors and the chief executive
                                                                               Salaries,
                                                                        allowances, and          Performance   Pension scheme               Total
                                                               Fees     benefits in kind     related bonuses     contributions       remuneration
                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000               RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000

         2024
         Executive directors
         Mr. Wu Yifang                                             —                2,920             1,523                  67                 4,510
         Mr. Wang Kexin                                            —                2,716             2,721                  66                 5,503
         Ms. Guan Xiaohui                                          —                2,303             1,508                  70                 3,881
         Mr. Wen Deyong                                            —                2,415             1,773                  70                 4,258

         Subtotal                                                  —              10,354              7,525                 273                18,152
         Non-executive directors
         Mr. Yao Fang*                                             —                1,532                 —                  —                  1,532
         Mr. Chen Qiyu                                             —                   —                  —                  —                     —
         Mr. Chen Yuqing**                                         —                   —                  —                  —                     —
         Mr. Pan Donghui                                           —                   —                  —                  —                     —
         Mr. Xu Xiaoliang                                          —                   —                  —                  —                     —

         Subtotal                                                  —                1,532                 —                  —                  1,532
         Supervisors
         Ms. Wang Lina***                                          —                1,073                21                  70                 1,164
         Ms. Ren Qian****                                          —                  711               369                  41                 1,121
         Mr. Chen Bing*****                                        —                   —                 —                   —                     —
         Mr. Guan Yimin                                            —                   —                 —                   —                     —

         Subtotal                                                  —                1,784               390                 111                 2,285
         Total                                                     —              13,670              7,915                 384                21,969

         2023
         Executive directors
         Mr. Wu Yifang                                             —                3,137             8,940                  63                12,140
         Mr. Wang Kexin                                            —                2,914            12,268                  63                15,245
         Ms. Guan Xiaohui                                          —                2,423             6,645                  68                 9,136
         Mr. Wen Deyong                                            —                2,593             7,336                  68                 9,997

         Subtotal                                                  —              11,067             35,189                 262                46,518
         Non-executive directors
         Mr. Chen Qiyu                                             —                   —                  —                  —                     —
         Mr. Yao Fang*                                             —                   —                  —                  —                     —
         Mr. Pan Donghui                                           —                   —                  —                  —                     —
         Mr. Xu Xiaoliang                                          —                   —                  —                  —                     —

         Subtotal                                                  —                   —                  —                  —                     —
         Supervisors
         Ms. Ren Qian****                                          —                1,114               750                  68                 1,932
         Mr. Guan Yimin                                            —                   —                 —                   —                     —
         Mr. Cao Genxing                                           —                   —                 —                   —                     —

         Subtotal                                                  —                1,114               750                  68                 1,932
         Total                                                     —              12,181             35,939                 330                48,450


         *       Mr. Yao Fang resigned as a non-executive director of the Company in June 2024.

         **      Mr. Chen Yuqing was elected as a non-executive director of the Company in September 2024.

         ***     Ms. Wang Lina was elected as the employee Supervisor of the Company in June 2024.

         ****    Ms. Ren Qian resigned as the employee Supervisor and the chairman of the Supervisory Committee of the Company in June 2024.

         ***** Mr. Chen Bing was elected as the chairman of the Supervisory Committee of the Company in June 2024.




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024          187
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


10. DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)

     (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors, supervisors and the chief executive (Continued)
             There was no arrangement under which a director, a supervisor or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive
             any remuneration during the year (2023: Nil).

11. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

     The five highest paid employees during the year included two directors (2023: four directors), details of whose
     remuneration are set out in note 10 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining three (2023: one)
     highest paid employees who are not a director, supervisor, or the chief executive of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                                  2024              2023
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


     Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                    12,525             4,734
     Performance related bonuses                                                                  13,778             6,896
     Pension scheme contributions                                                                    271                —


     Total                                                                                        26,574            11,630


     The number of non-director, non-supervisor and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell
     within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                               Number of employees
                                                                                                  2024           2023


     HKD6,000,000 to HKD10,000,000                                                                    1                 —
     HKD10,000,001 to HKD11,000,000                                                                   1
     HKD11,000,001 to HKD12,000,000                                                                   1
     HKD12,000,001 to HKD13,000,000                                                                   —                  1


     Total                                                                                             3                 1




188 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


12. INCOME TAX

    The provision for Chinese Mainland current income tax is based on a statutory rate of 25% of the assessable profits
    of the Group as determined in accordance with the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law which was approved and became
    effective on 1 January 2008, except for certain subsidiaries of the Group in Chinese Mainland, which are taxed at
    preferential rates of 0% to 20%.

    Taxes on profits assessable in overseas countries and regions have been calculated at the tax rates prevailing in the
    jurisdictions in which the Group operates. Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% on the
    estimated assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during the year, the first HKD2,000,000 of assessable profits are
    taxed at 8.25% and the remaining assessable profits are taxed at 16.5%. The provision of current income tax of Alma
    Lasers Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Israel, enjoyed a preferential effective tax rate of 6% for being
    a Special Preferred Technological Enterprise (“SPTE”). The provision of current tax of Gland Pharma Limited (“Gland
    Pharma”), a subsidiary of the Company incorporated in India, was based on a statutory rate of 25.17%. The provision
    of current tax of Breas Medical Holdings AB (“Breas”), a subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Sweden, is based
    on a statutory rate of 20.6%. The provision of current tax of Tridem Pharma S.A.S (“Tridem Pharma”), a subsidiary of
    the Company incorporated in France, is based on a statutory rate of 25.83%. The provision of current income tax of
    Phixen SAS (“Phixen”), a subsidiary of the Company incorporated in France, is based on a statutory rate of 25.83%.

                                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


    Current                                                                                     1,017,620            529,206
    Deferred (note 22)                                                                           (360,779)          (159,702)


    Total                                                                                         656,841            369,504




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   189
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


12. INCOME TAX (Continued)

     A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory tax rates for the countries in which
     the company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax expense at the effective tax rates, and a
     reconciliation of the applicable rates (i.e., the statutory tax rates) to the effective tax rates, are as follows:

     2024
                                                                                                    Other
                                                                               Chinese          countries
                                                                              Mainland        and regions             Total
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000


     Profit before tax                                                        3,436,985           732,296          4,169,281

     Tax at the statutory tax rate                                              858,537           169,095          1,027,632
     Lower tax rates for certain entities                                      (328,005)          (38,785)          (366,790)
     Adjustments in respect of current tax of previous years                     15,358             2,254             17,612
     Profit attributable to joint ventures and associates                      (411,687)          (10,899)          (422,586)
     Income not subject to tax                                                  (22,950)           (4,867)           (27,817)
     Expenses not deductible for tax                                            131,793           115,090            246,883
     Influence of the change of tax rate on the deferred income tax balance      (4,765)             (875)            (5,640)
     Tax losses utilised from previous periods                                 (190,117)          (16,997)          (207,114)
     Tax incentives on eligible expenditures                                   (300,088)               —            (300,088)
     Deductible temporary differences and tax losses not recognised             638,300            56,449            694,749


     Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                                   386,376           270,465            656,841


     2023
                                                                                                     Other
                                                                                Chinese          countries
                                                                               Mainland        and regions             Total
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000


     Profit before tax                                                        2,651,812           625,096          3,276,908

     Tax at the statutory tax rate                                              670,301           141,503            811,804
     Lower tax rates for certain entities                                      (205,262)           (46,965)         (252,227)
     Adjustments in respect of current tax of previous years                       1,015            (4,700)            (3,685)
     Profit attributable to joint ventures and associates                      (405,517)            (1,862)         (407,379)
     Income not subject to tax                                                  (95,006)           (95,425)         (190,431)
     Expenses not deductible for tax                                            141,478             21,153           162,631
     Influence of the change of tax rate on the deferred income tax balance       (5,105)               —              (5,105)
     Tax losses utilised from previous periods                                 (258,445)           (10,932)         (269,377)
     Tax incentives on eligible expenditures                                   (429,079)                —           (429,079)
     Deductible temporary differences and tax losses not recognised             773,006           179,346            952,352


     Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                                   187,386           182,118            369,504




190 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


12. INCOME TAX (Continued)

    Pillar Two income taxes
    The Group is within the scope of the Pillar Two model rules. The Group has applied the mandatory exception to
    recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities arising from Pillar Two income taxes, and
    will account for the Pillar Two income taxes as current tax when incurred. Pillar Two legislation has been enacted or
    substantively enacted in certain jurisdictions in which the Group operates.

    The Group has assessed its potential exposure based on the information available regarding the financial performance
    of the Group in the current year. As such, it may not be entirely representative of future circumstances. Based on the
    assessment, the Pillar Two effective tax rates in most of the jurisdictions in which it operates are above 15%. There
    are a limited number of jurisdictions where the Pillar Two effective tax rate is slightly below 15%. The Group does not
    expect a material exposure to Pillar Two income taxes.

13. DIVIDENDS

                                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


    Proposed final — RMB0.32 (2023: RMB0.27) per ordinary share                                   850,275            721,548


    The Company proposed to distribute a cash dividend of RMB 0.32 (before tax) for each ordinary share to all
    shareholders whose names are registered in the register of members and are entitled to participate in the distribution
    on the record date. The proposed final dividend for the year is subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders
    at the forthcoming annual general meeting and the final dividend amount will be determined by the number of the
    ordinary shares available for distribution on the corresponding date of share registration for the dividend payment.

    The amount of the proposed final dividend of RMB850,275 thousand is calculated based on the total number of
    ordinary shares of the Company of 2,671,326,465 shares as at 25 March 2025, net off 14,218,200 shares repurchased
    but not cancelled, which resulted in 2,657,108,265 shares.

14. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE
    PARENT

    The calculation of the basic earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the year attributable to ordinary
    equity holders of the parent, adjusted to reflect the cash dividends distributed to the Restricted A Share Incentive
    Scheme, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 2,670,408,116 (2023: 2,669,655,211) in issue during
    the period.

    The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the period attributable to ordinary
    equity holders of the parent. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation is the number of
    ordinary shares in issue during the period, as used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average
    number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued at no consideration on the deemed conversion of all dilutive
    potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   191
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


14. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE
    PARENT (Continued)

     The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                          2024           2023
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


     Earnings
     Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent                     2,769,886       2,398,606
     Less: Cash dividends distributed to the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme             —           (1,050)


     Adjusted profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
       used in the basic earnings per share calculation                               2,769,886       2,397,556
     Cash dividends distributed to the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme                   —            1,050


     Total                                                                            2,769,886       2,398,606


                                                                                         Number of shares
                                                                                          2024            2023


     Shares
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the period
       used in the basic earnings per share calculation                            2,670,408,116   2,669,655,211

     Effect of dilution — weighted average number of ordinary shares:
       — the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme                                             —          253,150


     Total                                                                         2,670,408,116   2,669,908,361




192 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2024
                                             Freehold           Plant and Medical     Office    Motor    Leasehold Construction
                                                 land Buildings machinery devices equipment vehicles improvements in progress                   Total
                                             RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000              RMB’000     RMB’000                 RMB’000


    Cost:
    At 1 January 2024                        951,736 11,474,732 11,338,545 1,476,774 1,082,962          135,610    1,328,048    4,938,281 32,726,688
    Additions                                     — 826,364        379,670 79,565       44,134            3,762      745,484    2,083,551 4,162,530
    Acquisitions of subsidiaries (note 41)        —          —     166,049        —      2,153               —       142,932        1,680     312,814
    Disposals                                     — (552,506) (311,477) (52,514)       (78,594)         (10,159)     (24,563)          — (1,029,813)
    Disposal of subsidiaries (note 42)            — (855,279)       (1,432) (199,769) (20,625 )            (367)      (7,298)     (13,012) (1,097,782)
    Transferred from construction
       in progress                                 — 2,103,160 1,164,459 153,172            109,181       9,613           —     (3,539,585)         —
    Exchange realignment                       (8,055) (65,608)  (71,217)   (494)            (3,007)         36           —        (35,464)   (183,809)


    At 31 December 2024                      943,681 12,930,863 12,664,597 1,456,734       1,136,204    138,495    2,184,603    3,435,451 34,890,628


    Accumulated depreciation:
    At 1 January 2024                             — (3,440,101) (6,302,995) (885,651)       (597,707)   (92,878)    (549,242)           — (11,868,574)
    Depreciation charge for the year              — (402,252) (888,164) (161,521)           (114,362)   (13,648)    (169,436)           — (1,749,383)
    Acquisitions of subsidiaries (note 41)        —         —      (71,554)       —           (1,404)        —       (88,234)           — (161,192)
    Disposals                                     — 499,231        256,261 50,654             41,591      8,612        1,195            —     857,544
    Disposal of subsidiaries (note 42)            —     43,192         934 123,333             5,203        352        3,396            —     176,410
    Exchange realignment                          —     24,226      39,438       836             826         49           —             —      65,375


    At 31 December 2024                           — (3,275,704) (6,966,080) (872,349)       (665,853)   (97,513)    (802,321)           — (12,679,820)


    Impairment losses:
    At 1 January 2024                             —      (3,352)      (6,899)        —        (1,405)        —            —             —      (11,656)
    Charge for the year                           —        (314)          —        (792)          —          —            —             —       (1,106)
    Disposals                                     —           9        4,597         —           275         —            —             —        4,881


    At 31 December 2024                           —      (3,657)      (2,302)      (792)      (1,130)        —            —             —       (7,881)


    Net carrying amount:
    At 31 December 2024                      943,681 9,651,502     5,696,215    583,593     469,221      40,982    1,382,282    3,435,451 22,202,927


    At 1 January 2024                        951,736 8,031,279     5,028,651    591,123     483,850      42,732     778,806     4,938,281 20,846,458




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024       193
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2023
                                           Freehold               Plant and Medical       Office    Motor       Leasehold Construction
                                               land   Buildings   machinery devices equipment      vehicles improvements   in progress            Total
                                          RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000               RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000


     Cost:
     At 1 January 2023                    201,312 7,736,697 8,672,633 1,045,089           859,332      128,645      943,726      4,896,697 24,484,131
     Additions                             11,142 242,519      349,168 63,319              16,973         9,594     110,934      2,796,076 3,599,725
     Acquisitions of subsidiaries         714,667 1,620,368 1,635,872 296,629              43,424         4,215     289,901        167,095 4,772,171
     Disposals                                 —     (48,197) (121,123) (48,390)          (24,754)       (8,494)    (15,588)            — (266,546)
     Disposal of subsidiaries (note 42)        —          —       (383)      —                 —             —         (925)            —      (1,308)
     Transferred from construction
        in progress                             — 1,889,768        730,913     119,917    179,322        1,667            —      (2,921,587)        —
     Exchange realignment                   24,615   33,577         71,465         210      8,665           (17)          —              —     138,515


     At 31 December 2023                  951,736 11,474,732 11,338,545 1,476,774        1,082,962     135,610     1,328,048     4,938,281 32,726,688


     Accumulated depreciation:
     At 1 January 2023                          — (2,637,429) (4,540,408) (643,994)       (463,165)    (81,599)     (389,493)            — (8,756,088)
     Depreciation charge for the year           — (317,182) (842,112) (131,222)           (108,465)    (14,979)     (153,494)            — (1,567,454)
     Acquisitions of subsidiaries               — (503,837) (977,988) (146,374)             (34,224)     (2,690)      (11,974)           — (1,677,087)
     Disposals                                  —     32,987      94,268 36,052              13,541       6,386         4,794            —    188,028
     Disposal of subsidiaries (note 42)         —         —          220        —                —           —            925            —      1,145
     Exchange realignment                       —    (14,640)    (36,975)     (113)          (5,394)          4            —             —    (57,118)


     At 31 December 2023                        — (3,440,101) (6,302,995) (885,651)       (597,707)    (92,878)     (549,242)            — (11,868,574)


     Impairment losses:
     At 1 January 2023                          —       (3,272)      (4,577)        —       (1,405)          —            —              —       (9,254)
     Charge for the year                        —          (80)      (2,328)        —           —            —            —              —       (2,408)
     Disposals                                  —           —             6         —           —            —            —              —            6


     At 31 December 2023                        —       (3,352)      (6,899)        —       (1,405)          —            —              —      (11,656)


     Net carrying amount:
     At 31 December 2023                  951,736 8,031,279       5,028,651    591,123    483,850       42,732      778,806      4,938,281 20,846,458


     At 1 January 2023                    201,312 5,095,996       4,127,648    401,095    394,762       47,046      554,233      4,896,697 15,718,789




194 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

    The carrying amounts of construction in progress of the Group included capitalised interest of approximately
    RMB21,791,000 (2023: RMB49,124,000) charged for the year (note 9) prior to being transferred to property, plant and
    equipment.

    As at 31 December 2024, the Group has not obtained title certificates for certain of the buildings with an aggregate
    net carrying amount of approximately RMB897,780,000 (2023:RMB42,289,000). The directors were of the opinion that
    the aforesaid matter did not have any significant impact on the Group’s financial position as at 31 December 2024.

    As at 31 December 2024, certain of the Group’s property, plant and equipment with a net carrying amount of
    approximately RMB2,597,290,000 (2023: RMB2,117,025,000) were pledged to secure certain of the Group’s bank and
    other borrowings (note 34).

    As at 31 December, the net carrying values of the group’s property, plant and equipment leased out for operating
    purposes are as follows:

                                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


    Buildings                                                                                  338,609              79,181


16. LEASE

    The Group as a lessee
    The Group has lease contracts for various items of land, buildings, plant and machinery and motor vehicles used in its
    operations. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease periods of
    20 to 50 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases of buildings have
    lease terms between 2 to 20 years, plant and machinery generally have lease terms between 5 and 10 years, while
    motor vehicles generally have lease terms of 3 years. Generally, the Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing
    the leased assets outside the Group.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   195
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


16. LEASE (Continued)

     The Group as a lessee (Continued)
     (a)   Right-of-use assets
           The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                  Prepaid
                                                               Plant and           Motor       Land lease
                                                Buildings      machinery          vehicles      payments           Total
                                                RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


           As at 1 January 2024                 2,073,628          84,258          13,858       2,076,336       4,248,080
           Additions                              832,155              —           21,431         178,357       1,031,943
           Additions as a result of
             acquisition of subsidiaries           11,274               —               —               —          11,274
           Disposal                               (24,503)            (779)           (234)        (51,329)       (76,845)
           Disposal of subsidiaries                (3,737)              —               —          (47,219)       (50,956)
           Depreciation charge                   (396,232)         (14,853)         (8,632)        (54,823)      (474,540)
           Reclassification from other
             intangible assets                          —               —               —            1,441             1,441
           Effect of foreign exchange rate
             changes, net                            3,276            (559)           (448)         (1,395)             874


           As at 31 December 2024               2,495,861          68,067          25,975       2,101,368       4,691,271


                                                                                                   Prepaid
                                                                Plant and          Motor        Land lease
                                                 Buildings      machinery         vehicles       payments           Total
                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


           As at 1 January 2023                   825,211          31,362            6,965      1,973,691       2,837,229
           Additions                              281,553          11,026            9,935         68,673         371,187
           Additions as a result of
             acquisition of subsidiaries        1,242,047           59,504           3,101          96,789      1,401,441
           Disposal                                (39,310)             —               —          (10,950)       (50,260)
           Depreciation charge                   (241,239)         (18,669)         (6,483)        (51,867)      (318,258)
           Effect of foreign exchange rate
             changes, net                            5,366           1,035             340              —              6,741


           As at 31 December 2023               2,073,628          84,258          13,858       2,076,336       4,248,080


           As at 31 December 2024, certain of the Group’s prepaid land lease payments with a net carrying amount of
           RMB615,111,000 (2023: RMB614,613,000) were pledged to secure certain of the Group’s bank and other
           borrowings (note 34).

           As at 31 December 2024, the Group has not obtained a title certificate for the land use rights with net carrying
           amount of approximately RMB105,660,000 (2023: Nil). The directors were of the opinion that the aforesaid
           matter did not have any significant impact on the Group’s financial position as at 31 December 2024.




196 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


16. LEASE (Continued)

    The Group as a lessee (Continued)
    (b)   Lease liabilities
          The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                        2024            2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000


          Carrying amount at 1 January                                                              2,379,114          929,398
          New leases                                                                                  863,295          308,537
          Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                   6,753        1,402,286
          Accretion of interest recognised during the year                                             99,863            50,920
          Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                                   —               (277)
          Payments                                                                                   (426,788)        (251,707)
          Lease termination                                                                           (27,858)          (72,764)
          Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                     (4,137)               —
          Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                                 (7,293)           12,721


          As at 31 December                                                                         2,882,949        2,379,114


          Analysed into:
          Current portion                                                                             340,981          329,525
          Non-current portion                                                                       2,541,968        2,049,589


          There are no lease liabilities due to the Group’s other related companies as at 31 December 2024 (2023: Nil).

          The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 35 to the financial statements.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   197
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


16. LEASE (Continued)

     The Group as a lessee (Continued)
     (c)     The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


             Interest on lease liabilities                                                       99,863            50,920
             Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                         474,540           318,258
             Expense relating to short-term leases                                              108,846           102,397
             Expense relating to leases of low-value assets                                      11,986            11,352
             Covid–19-related rent concessions from lessors                                          —               (277)


             Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                          695,235           482,650


     The Group as a lessor
     The Group leases part of its buildings (note 15) under operating lease arrangements. The terms of the leases
     generally require the tenants to pay security deposits and provide for periodic rent adjustments according to the then
     prevailing market conditions. Rental income recognised by the Group during the year was RMB87,921,000 (2023:
     RMB62,601,000), details of which are included in note 5 to the financial statements.

     At 31 December, the undiscounted lease payments receivables by the Group in future periods under non-cancellable
     operating leases with its tenants are as follows:

                                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


     Within one year                                                                             36,387            30,274
     After one year but within two years                                                         24,605            24,738
     After two years but within three years                                                      16,072            15,926
     Over three years                                                                            39,649            51,583


     Total                                                                                      116,713           122,521




198 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


17. GOODWILL

                                                                                                                      2024                 2023
                                                                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000

    At 1 January
      Cost                                                                                                      11,539,499            11,024,553
      Accumulated impairment                                                                                      (687,500)             (687,500)

         Net carrying amount                                                                                    10,851,999            10,337,053

    Cost at 1 January, net of accumulated impairment                                                            10,851,999            10,337,053
    Acquisitions of subsidiaries                                                                                        —                413,733
    Purchase price adjustment                                                                                        4,655                    —
    Disposal of subsidiaries (note 42)                                                                             (13,785)                   —
    Exchange realignment                                                                                            62,214               101,213

    Net carrying amount at 31 December                                                                          10,905,083            10,851,999


                                                                                                                      2024                 2023
                                                                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000

    At 31 December
      Cost                                                                                                      11,592,583            11,539,499
      Accumulated impairment                                                                                      (687,500)             (687,500)

         Net carrying amount                                                                                    10,905,083            10,851,999


                                                                                                                      2024                 2023
                                                                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000

    Goodwill of Gland Pharma and subsidiaries*/**                                                                 4,299,760             4,247,603
    Goodwill of Fosun Adgenvax and subsidiaries                                                                   1,168,983             1,168,983
    Goodwill of Sisram Medical Ltd (“Sisram”) and subsidiaries*                                                     912,729               900,977
    Goodwill of Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital & Zhuhai Chancheng &
     Xinshi Hospital                                                                                                680,808                  680,808
    Goodwill of Hengsheng Hospital                                                                                  636,933                  636,933
    Goodwill of Avanc Pharma and subsidiaries                                                                       616,231                  616,231
    Goodwill of Chongqing Yao Pharma and subsidiaries                                                               572,670                  572,670
    Goodwill of Erye Pharma                                                                                         503,373                  503,373
    Goodwill of Breas*                                                                                              302,995                  297,363
    Goodwill of Xingmai Information                                                                                 275,653                  275,653
    Goodwill of Hongqi Pharma                                                                                       205,952                  205,952
    Goodwill of Tridem Pharma**                                                                                     165,335                  172,662
    Goodwill of Fosun Wanbang Pharma and subsidiaries                                                                83,765                   83,765
    Goodwill of other subsidiaries                                                                                  479,896                  489,026

                                                                                                                10,905,083            10,851,999

    *       Goodwill of Gland Pharma, Sisram and Breas is measured in USD, and goodwill of Alma Hong Kong 2023 Limited is measured in RMB.

    **      Goodwill of Tridem Pharma and Phixen SAS, a subsidiary of Gland Pharma, is measured in EUR.
    #
            The English names of the companies registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the management of the Company in directly
            translating the Chinese names of these companies.




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024        199
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


17. GOODWILL (Continued)

     Impairment testing of goodwill
     Movements in the provisions for impairment of goodwill are as follows:

                                                        At beginning
     2024                                                    of year          Additions       Disposals    At end of year
                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000


     Provisions for impairment of：
       Goodwill of Fosun Adgenvax and subsidiaries            202,500                 —               —           202,500
       Goodwill of Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital,
         Zhuhai Chancheng & Xinshi Hospital                    15,000                 —               —            15,000
       Goodwill of Avanc Pharma and subsidiaries              390,000                 —               —           390,000
       Goodwill of Breas                                       80,000                 —               —            80,000


     Total                                                    687,500                 —               —           687,500


                                                         At beginning
     2023                                                      of year         Additions       Disposals    At end of year
                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000


     Provisions for impairment of：
       Goodwill of Fosun Adgenvax and subsidiaries            202,500                 —               —           202,500
       Goodwill of Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital,
         Zhuhai Chancheng & Xinshi Hospital                    15,000                 —               —            15,000
       Goodwill of Avanc Pharma and subsidiaries              390,000                 —               —           390,000
       Goodwill of Breas                                       80,000                 —               —            80,000


     Total                                                    687,500                 —               —           687,500


     Information about the cash-generating units or the groups of cash-generating units in which goodwill is held is as
     follows:

     The cash flows generated from each subsidiary acquired are independent from those of the other subsidiaries of the
     Group. Therefore, each of these acquired subsidiaries is a separate cash-generating unit. Therefore, in performing the
     impairment test, the goodwill generated from each acquisition is allocated to the corresponding subsidiary acquired.




200 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


17. GOODWILL (Continued)

    Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
    Assumptions were used in the value-in-use calculation of all the cash-generating units or the groups of cash-generating
    units for 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023. The following describes each key assumption on which
    management has based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing of goodwill:

    (1)   The Group under evaluation continues to operate and there are no major changes affecting the key aspects
          of production and operations and the current situation in terms of business scope, sales model, channels and
          management.

    (2)   The socio-economic environment in which the group under evaluation is located does not cause major changes
          and there are no major changes in relevant laws, regulations, policies and regulations.

    (3)   The business scope, operating mode, and management mode of the group under evaluation are consistent and
          continuously adjusted with the development of the economy.

    (4)   The interest rate, exchange rate, tax base and tax rate will not change significantly within the normal range
          prescribed by the state.

    Forecasted revenue — The basis for determining this growth rate is an appropriate increase based on projected market
    developments on the basis of forecasted revenue achieved in the previous year.

    Forecasted profit margin — The basis used to determine the value assigned to the forecasted profit margin is the
    average profit margin achieved in the year immediately before the forecast year, adjusted for expected efficiency
    adjustments and expected market development.

    Discount rates — The discount rates used are before tax and reflect specific risks relating to the relevant units.

    The growth rates beyond the forecast period — The growth rates beyond the forecast period are the rate of inflation.

    The recoverable amount was determined at the present value of the projected future cash flows of the cash-
    generating units or the groups of cash-generating units. According to the financial forecast for 5–9 years approved
    by management, the revenue growth rate for the forecast period was 5.02% to 47.60%, and the gross margin was
    13.93% to 82.26%.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   201
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


17. GOODWILL (Continued)

     Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
     Goodwill of Gland Pharma and subsidiaries
     Gland Pharma, founded in 1978 and headquartered in Hyderabad, India, is a generic injection company with R&D
     capabilities for original pharmaceuticals and preparations. At present, it mainly provides manufacturing services of
     generic injection for large-scale pharmaceutical companies worldwide. Gland Pharma is the first Indian manufacturer
     of injectable pharmaceuticals approved by Food and Drug Administration of the United States of America, and has the
     ability to register and sell drugs in the regulatory markets. Its products are mainly sold to the United States and Europe.
     On November 2020, Gland Pharma was listed on BSE limited and national stock exchange of India limited. The Group
     regularly evaluates the above-mentioned operating activities and unifies the resource allocation based on the evaluation
     results. Therefore, Gland Pharma and subsidiaries as a whole is recognized as a group of cash-generating units, which
     belongs to the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment. The recoverable amount is determined based on the present
     value of the expected future cash flows of the group of cash-generating units. According to the 9-year financial
     forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Gland Pharma and its subsidiaries beyond the
     forecast period is 2.00% (2023: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash flows is 15.90% (2023: 16.06%).
     According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is higher than the carrying amount
     of Gland Pharma and subsidiaries’ group of cash-generating units. The Group believes that there is no impairment of
     the goodwill during 2024. This group of cash-generating units mainly consists of Gland Pharma and Phixen SAS, its
     subsidiary, and the cash flows generated are independent from those of other cash-generating units or groups of cash-
     generating units.

     Goodwill of Fosun Adgenvax and subsidiaries
     Fosun Adgenvax was established on 6 July 2012. Fosun Adgenvax and its subsidiaries have a number of patents
     including 13-valent pneumonia conjugate vaccine (multivalent conjugate), influenza vaccine, pertussis vaccine and
     rabies vaccine. The Group regularly evaluates the above-mentioned operating activities and unifies the resource
     allocation based on the evaluation results. Therefore, Fosun Adgenvax and its subsidiaries as a whole is recognized as a
     group of cash-generating units, which belongs to the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment. The recoverable amount
     is determined based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the group of cash-generating units.
     According to the 9-year financial forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Fosun Adgenvax
     and its subsidiaries beyond the forecast period is 2.00% (2023: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash
     flows is 13.90% (2023: 14.88%). According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow
     is higher than the carrying amount of Fosun Adgenvax and subsidiaries’ group of cash-generating units. The Group
     believes that there is no impairment of the goodwill during 2024. This group of cash-generating units mainly consists of
     Fosun Adgenvax and Dalian Aleph, and the cash flows generated are independent from those of other cash-generating
     units or groups of cash-generating units.




202 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


17. GOODWILL (Continued)

    Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
    Goodwill of Sisram and subsidiaries
    Sisram is a manufacturer of medical lasers, photonics and Radio Frequency equipment in Israel. Sisram ranks in the
    forefront of the medical beauty market, and has formed a strong competitive advantage in design capabilities, cost
    control, and customer base. Its medical laser and optical equipment is mainly used in dermatology, orthopedics, burn
    surgery, laser and many other fields, and Sisram and subsidiaries are dedicated to provide the comprehensive solution
    with core of top technology for the medical beauty market. Sisram merged downstream distributor Nova Medical
    Israel Ltd. to integrate its sales channels in the Israel market during 2019. In 2023, Sisram completed the acquisition
    of PhotonMed brand and channel, a leading energy source equipment distributor and strategic partner of Alma in
    China, achieving a direct sales layout for medical beauty business in the Chinese market. The Group regularly evaluates
    the above-mentioned business activities and unifies resource allocation based on the evaluation results. Therefore,
    Sisram and its subsidiaries as a whole is recognised as a group of cash-generating units, which belongs to the medical
    devices and medical diagnosis segment. According to the 5-year financial forecast approved by the management, the
    revenue growth rate for Sisram and its subsidiaries beyond the forecast period is 2.00% (2023: 2.30%). The discount
    rate applicable to future cash flows is 18.11% (2023: 17.75%). According to the calculation, the present value of the
    estimated future cash flow is higher than the carrying amount of Sisram and subsidiaries’ group of cash-generating
    units. The Group believes that there is no impairment of the goodwill during 2024. This group of cash-generating units
    mainly consists of Alma Lasers, Ltd., Nova Medical Israel Ltd. and Alma Hong Kong 2023 Limited, and the cash flows
    generated are independent from those of other cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units.

    Goodwill of Chancheng Hospital, Zhuhai Chancheng & Xinshi Hospital
    Chancheng Hospital is a national third-grade class-A hospital which integrates medical treatment, rehabilitation,
    scientific research and teaching in Foshan, Guangdong Province. Chancheng Hospital in Zhuhai City, Guangdong
    Province is a second-class hospital approved by Zhuhai Health and Family Planning Bureau. Xinshi Hospital is a third-
    class general hospital which integrates medical treatment, teaching, prevention and health care in Guangzhou,
    Guangdong Province. As the above-mentioned hospitals are located in South China, they have synergy and relevance
    in terms of acquisition purpose, integration progress, overall evaluation, resource allocation and business operation.
    Therefore, Chancheng Hospital, Zhuhai Chancheng & Xinshi Hospital as a whole is recognised as a group of cash-
    generating units, which belongs to the Healthcare service segment. According to the 9-year financial forecast approved
    by the management, the revenue growth rate for Chancheng Hospital, Zhuhai Chancheng & Xinshi Hospital beyond the
    forecast period is 2.00% (2023: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash flows is 14.78% (2023: 15.67%).
    According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is higher than the carrying amount of
    Chancheng Hospital, Zhuhai Chancheng & Xinshi Hospital’s group of cash-generating units. The Group believes that
    there is no impairment of the goodwill during 2024. This group of cash-generating units mainly consists of Chancheng
    Hospital, Zhuhai Chancheng & Xinshi Hospital, and the cash flows generated are independent from those of other
    cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   203
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


17. GOODWILL (Continued)

     Impairment testing of goodwill(continued)
     Goodwill of Hengsheng Hospital
     Hengsheng Hospital is a large-scale modern comprehensive Tertiary Hospital approved by the Health and Family
     Planning Commission of Guangdong Province, which integrates medical treatment, scientific research, teaching,
     rehabilitation and preventive health care. It is mainly engaged in healthcare service and is the designated medical
     institution for social medical insurance in Shenzhen. Shenzhen Workers’ Injury Insurance Hospital, Shenzhen Children’s
     Medical Insurance Hospital, Shenzhen 120 Emergency Medical Center Network Hospital, Shenzhen Baoan District
     Science Education Base, Teaching Hospital of Guangdong Medical College. The Group regularly evaluates the above-
     mentioned operating activities and unifies resource allocation based on the evaluation results. Hengsheng Hospital
     specialises in healthcare service and generates operating cash flow independently. Therefore, Hengsheng Hospital as a
     whole is recognised as a group of cash-generating units, which belongs to the Healthcare service segment. According
     to the 9-year financial forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Hengsheng Hospital beyond
     the forecast period is 2.00% (2023: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash flows is 16.00% (2023:
     17.08%). According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is higher than the carrying
     amount of Hengsheng Hospital’s group of cash-generating units. The Group believes that there is no impairment of the
     goodwill during 2024. This cash-generating unit mainly consists of Hengsheng Hospital, and the cash flows generated
     are independent from those of other cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units.

     Goodwill of Avanc Pharma and subsidiaries
     Avanc Pharma and subsidiaries focus on pharmaceutical products whose major products included Aodejin (Calf blood
     serum injection), Bangting (Hemocoagulase for injection) and others. In 2019, Avanc Pharma obtained first class listed
     pharmaceutical chemicals Penehyclidine hydrochloride injection (Changtuoning) through acquiring Chengdu List
     Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (hereinafter called the “List Pharma”). Meanwhile, Avanc Pharma recombined its own business
     with those of List Pharma, improving the strategic layout by transferring the production of Changtuoning and integrate
     the sales channels. The group has overall assessment for mentioned-above operating activities regularly, and allocates
     resources accordingly; therefore, Avanc Pharma and its subsidiaries as a whole is recognised as a group of cash-
     generating units, which belongs to the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment. The recoverable amount is determined
     based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the asset portfolio. According to the 9-year financial
     forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Avanc Pharma and its subsidiaries beyond the
     forecast period is 2.00% (2023: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash flows is 13.84% (2023: 14.36%).
     According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is higher than the carrying amount of
     Avanc Pharma and subsidiaries’ group of cash-generating units. The Group believes that there is no impairment of the
     goodwill during 2024. This group of cash-generating units mainly consists of Avanc Pharma and Chengdu List, and the
     cash flows generated are independent from those of other cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units.

     Goodwill of Yao Pharma and subsidiaries
     The group of cash-generating units belongs to the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment. The recoverable amount
     is determined based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the group of cash-generating units.
     According to the 9-year financial forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Yao Pharma and
     its subsidiaries beyond the forecast period is 2.00% (2023: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash flows
     is 16.00% (2023: 17.13%). According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is higher
     than the carrying amount of Yao Pharma and subsidiaries’ group of cash-generating units. The Group believes that
     there is no impairment of the goodwill during 2024. This group of cash-generating units mainly consists of Sichuan
     Hexin, Dongting Pharma, Liaoning Shinsun Pharma and Beijing Jiluohua, and the cash flows generated are independent
     from those of other cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units.




204 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


17. GOODWILL (Continued)

    Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
    Goodwill of Erye Pharma
    Erye Pharma is a comprehensive pharmaceutical company that produces APIs, powder injections (including penicillins,
    cephalosporins), freeze-dried powders and oral preparations. The Group regularly evaluates the above-mentioned
    business activities and unifies the resource allocation based on the evaluation results. Therefore, Erye Pharma as a whole
    is recognised as a group of cash-generating units, which belongs to the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment. The
    recoverable amount is determined based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the asset portfolio.
    According to the 9-year financial forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Erye Pharma
    beyond the forecast period is 2.00% (2023: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash flows is 13.95%
    (2023: 15.79%). According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is higher than the
    carrying amount of Erye Pharma’s group of cash-generating units. The Group believes that there is no impairment of
    the goodwill during 2024. This cash-generating unit mainly consists of Erye Pharma, and the cash flows generated are
    independent from those of other cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units.

    Goodwill of Breas
    The cash-generating unit belongs to the medical devices and medical diagnosis segment. The recoverable amount is
    determined based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the cash-generating unit. According to the
    9-year financial forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Breas beyond the forecast period
    is 2.00% (2023: 2.00%). The discount rate applicable to future cash flows is 15.80% (2023: 16.20%). According to
    the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is higher than the carrying amount of Breas’s cash-
    generating unit. The Group believes that there is no impairment of the goodwill during 2024. This cash-generating unit
    mainly consists of Breas, and the cash flows generated are independent from those of other cash-generating units or
    groups of cash-generating units.

    Goodwill of Xingmai Information
    The cash-generating unit belongs to the other business operations segment. The recoverable amount is determined
    based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the cash-generating unit. According to the 9-year
    financial forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Xingmai Information beyond the
    forecast period is 2.00% (2023: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash flows is 13.85% (2023: 14.27%).
    According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is higher than the carrying amount
    of Xingmai Information’s cash-generating unit. The Group believes that there is no impairment of the goodwill during
    2024. This cash-generating unit mainly consists of Xingmai Information, and the cash flows generated are independent
    from those of other cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units.

    Goodwill of Hongqi Pharma
    The cash-generating unit belongs to the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment. The recoverable amount is
    determined based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the cash-generating unit. According to the
    9-year financial forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Shenyang Red Flag beyond the
    forecast period is 2.00% (2023: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash flows is 13.90% (2023: 14.61%).
    According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is higher than the carrying amount of
    Hongqi Pharma’s cash-generating unit. The Group believes that there is no impairment of the goodwill during 2024.
    This cash-generating unit mainly consists of Hongqi Pharma, and the cash flows generated are independent from those
    of other cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   205
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


17. GOODWILL (Continued)

     Impairment testing of goodwill(continued)
     Goodwill of Tridem Pharma
     The cash-generating unit belongs to the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment. The recoverable amount is
     determined based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the cash-generating unit. According to
     the 9-year financial forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Tridem Pharma beyond the
     forecast period is 2.00% (2023: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash flows is 16.15% (2023: 18.46%).
     According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow is higher than the carrying amount of
     Tridem Pharma’s cash-generating unit. The Group believes that there is no impairment of the goodwill during 2024.
     This cash-generating unit is mainly composed of Tridem Pharma, and the cash flows generated are independent from
     those of other cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units.

     Goodwill of Fosun Wanbang and subsidiaries
     The group of cash-generating units belongs to the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment. The recoverable amount
     is determined based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the group of cash-generating units.
     According to the 9-year financial forecast approved by the management, the revenue growth rate for Fosun Wanbang
     and its subsidiaries beyond the forecast period is 2.00% (2023: 2.30%). The discount rate applicable to future cash
     flows is 16.67% (2023: 17.22%). According to the calculation, the present value of the estimated future cash flow
     is higher than the carrying amount of Fosun Wanbang and subsidiaries’ group of cash-generating units. The Group
     believes that there is no impairment of the goodwill during 2024. This group of cash-generating units mainly consists of
     Fosun Wanbang Biochemical, Shenyang Wanbang Tiansheng and Wanbang Sinock, and the cash flows generated are
     independent from those of other cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units.

     The Group’s calculation of the present value (recoverable amount) of the estimated future cash flows of the cash-
     generating units or the groups of cash-generating units of Gland Pharma and subsidiaries, Fosun Adgenvax and
     subsidiaries, Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital, Zhuhai Chancheng & Xinshi Hospital, Hengsheng Hospital, Avanc
     Pharma and subsidiaries, Xingmai Technology, Breas, Shenyang Red Flag and Erye Pharma was also referred to the
     results of Shanghai Orient Appraisal Co., Ltd.’s report on 21 March 2025 No. 0611 of Orient Appraisal Evaluation Report [2025]
     “The assessment report of the recoverable amount of nine related cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating
     units for the purpose of financial reporting of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.”.




206 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2024
                                                       Patents and                                          Deferred Operating
                                             Medicine     technical      Office                 Business development concession
                                              licences know-how       software Trademarks      networks         costs    rights        Total
                                             RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000   RMB’000       RMB’000


    Cost:
    At 1 January 2024                       4,155,308    6,214,556     465,092    1,205,470    2,471,330    3,921,481    1,859,423 20,292,660
    Additions                                  83,408        9,516      37,954          180           —     1,909,703      258,959 2,299,720
    Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 41)     586,043           —       11,799           —            —       208,741       27,358    833,941
    Investments received                           —        14,905          —         6,388           —            —            —      21,293
    Transfer                                  396,349      311,048          —            —            —    (1,111,596)     404,199         —
    Disposals                                      —        (6,006)     (8,191)          —            —            —        (9,801)   (23,998)
    Disposal of subsidiaries (note 42)             —        (7,433)    (11,879)          —            —            —            —     (19,312)
    Reclassification                               —            —           —       (90,000)          —            —        88,559     (1,441)
    Exchange realignment                        3,901       61,727         656       17,343       69,635           —        (7,617)   145,645


    At 31 December 2024                     5,225,009    6,598,313     495,431    1,139,381    2,540,965   4,928,329     2,621,080 23,548,508


    Accumulated amortisation:
    At 1 January 2024                        (555,022) (2,225,750)    (312,110)    (100,661) (1,063,031)       (1,711)   (623,836) (4,882,121)
    Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 41)    (277,340)         —        (4,458)          —           —             —       (9,119)   (290,917)
    Amortisation for the year                (206,688)   (455,767)     (41,741)     (40,142)   (140,417)           —     (133,468) (1,018,223)
    Disposals                                      —           12        8,191           —           —             —        8,032      16,235
    Disposal of subsidiaries (note 42)             —        2,548        5,792           —           —             —           —        8,340
    Exchange realignment                        1,261       2,046       (2,355)         (76)     (5,291)           —        1,326      (3,089)


    At 31 December 2024                     (1,037,789) (2,676,911)   (346,681)    (140,879) (1,208,739)       (1,711)   (757,065) (6,169,775)


    Impairment losses:
    At 1 January 2024                         (64,000)     (20,614)         —            —           —       (23,662)        (475)   (108,751)
    Provision                                      —            —           —            —           —       (35,112)          —      (35,112)


    At 31 December 2024                       (64,000)     (20,614)         —            —           —       (58,774)        (475)   (143,863)


    Net carrying amount:
    At 31 December 2024                     4,123,220    3,900,788     148,750     998,502     1,332,226   4,867,844     1,863,540 17,234,870


    At 1 January 2024                       3,536,286    3,968,192     152,982    1,104,809    1,408,299   3,896,108     1,235,112 15,301,788




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024     207
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2023
                                                Patents and                                               Deferred      Operating
                                      Medicine     technical       Office                    Business development      concession
                                       licences know-how        software     Trademarks     networks         costs         rights      Total
                                      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000


     Cost:
     At 1 January 2023               3,409,252    5,881,634     304,702       1,110,517    2,039,430     3,458,041     1,264,626 17,468,202
     Additions                              —       111,281      75,265              19       19,067     1,295,212       588,585 2,089,429
     Acquisition of subsidiaries        51,440        81,619     83,760          90,322      388,649            —             —     695,790
     Transfer                          693,919      137,853          —               —            —       (831,772)           —          —
     Disposals                              —        (29,916)    (2,049)             —            —             —             —     (31,965)
     Exchange realignment                  697        32,085      3,414           4,612       24,184            —          6,212     71,204


     At 31 December 2023             4,155,308    6,214,556     465,092       1,205,470    2,471,330     3,921,481     1,859,423 20,292,660


     Accumulated amortisation:
     At 1 January 2023                (300,067) (1,776,852)     (204,962)       (60,701)    (884,744)       (1,711)     (200,381) (3,429,418)
     Acquisition of subsidiaries       (46,067)      (5,463)     (60,615)            —        (26,197)          —             —     (138,342)
     Amortisation for the year        (208,071)   (458,465)      (45,623)       (39,947)    (141,648)           —       (423,287) (1,317,041)
     Disposals                              —       29,541          2,049            —             —            —             —       31,590
     Exchange realignment                 (817)    (14,511)        (2,959)          (13)      (10,442)          —           (168)    (28,910)


     At 31 December 2023              (555,022) (2,225,750)     (312,110)      (100,661) (1,063,031)        (1,711)     (623,836) (4,882,121)


     Impairment losses:
     At 1 January 2023                 (64,000)     (20,614)          —              —            —          (2,070)        (475)    (87,159)
     Provision                              —            —            —              —            —        (21,592)           —      (21,592)


     At 31 December 2023               (64,000)     (20,614)          —              —            —        (23,662)         (475)   (108,751)


     Net carrying amount:
     At 31 December 2023             3,536,286    3,968,192     152,982       1,104,809    1,408,299     3,896,108     1,235,112 15,301,788


     At 1 January 2023               3,045,185    4,084,168       99,740      1,049,816    1,154,686     3,454,260     1,063,770 13,951,625




208 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

    As at 31 December 2024, the indefinite-life intangible assets of the Group are as follows：

                                                                        Net carrying
    Asset types                         Holders                              amount Reasons of indefinite life
                                                                            RMB’000


    Medicine licences                   Fosun Aleph, Dongting Pharma,       307,000 The extension cost is low and the
                                          Hongqi Pharma, Erye Pharma                  assets can be used indefinitely
    Trademarks                          Fosun Aleph, Dongting Pharma,        31,000 The extension cost is low and the
                                          Erye Pharma                                 assets can be used indefinitely
    Trademarks                          CML, Alma*                          208,106 The extension cost is low and the
                                                                                      assets can be used indefinitely
    Operating concession rights         Hengsheng Hospital                  421,710 The extension cost is low and the
                                                                                      assets can be used indefinitely
    Patents and technical               Henlix                               48,921 The extension cost is low and the
      know-how                                                                        assets can be used indefinitely


    Total                                                                 1,016,737


    *       Trademarks of CML and Alma are measured in USD.


    The Group performs impairment tests for the above individual intangible assets or the respective cash-generating units
    depending on whether the recoverable amounts of individual intangible assets can be reliably estimated.

    Medicine licences
    The recoverable amounts of medicine licences have been determined based on a value-in-use calculation using cash
    flow projections based on a financial budget covering a nine-years period approved by senior management. The
    discount rates applied to the cash flow projections are in the range of 15.50% to 16.70%. The growth rate used to
    extrapolate the cash flows beyond the forecast period is 2.00%, which is also an estimate of the rate of inflation.

    Trademarks
    The recoverable amounts of trademarks have been determined based on a value-in-use calculation using cash flow
    projections based on a financial budget covering a period of five to nine years period approved by senior management.
    The discount rates applied to the cash flow projections is 17.50%. The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows
    beyond the forecast period is 2.00%, which is also an estimate of the rate of inflation.

    Operating concession rights
    The recoverable amounts of operating concession rights have been determined based on a value-in-use calculation
    using cash flow projection based on a financial budget covering a nine-year period approved by senior management.
    The discount rate applied to the cash flow projection is 16.64%. The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows
    beyond the forecast period is 2.00%, which is also an estimate of the rate of inflation.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   209
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

     Patents and technical know-how
     The recoverable amounts of the Patents and technical know-how were determined based on the fair value less costs
     of disposal, and the fair values of non-patent technologies were determined using the relief from the royalty method
     taking into account the nature of the asset, using cash flow projections based on financial budget covering a nine-year
     period approved by the management. The discount rate applied to the cash flow projection is 18.04%. The growth
     rate used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the financial budget period is 2.00%, which is close to the long-term
     inflation rate.

     Assumptions were used in the value-in-use calculation for 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023. The following
     describes each key assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment
     testing of indefinite-life intangible assets:

     Forecasted revenue — The basis for determining this growth rate is an appropriate increase based on projected market
     developments on the basis of forecasted revenue achieved in the previous year.

     Forecasted profit margin — The basis used to determine the value assigned to the forecasted profit margin is the
     average profit margin achieved in the year immediately before the forecast year, adjusted for expected efficiency
     adjustments and expected market development.

     Discount rates — The discount rates used are the rates of return on investment required by the group.

     The growth rates beyond the forecast period — The growth rates beyond the forecast period are the rates of inflation.

     The values assigned to key assumptions are consistent with historical experience of the Group and external information
     sources.

19. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES

                                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


     Share of net assets                                                                           20,900             78,910


     The Group’s trade receivable balances due from the joint ventures are disclosed in note 26 to the financial statements.




210 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


19. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)

    The above investment in joint venture is indirectly held by the Company.

    The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s joint ventures that are not individually
    material:

                                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


    Share of the joint ventures’ loss for the year                                                (184,409)          (202,030)
    Share of the joint ventures’ other comprehensive income                                          3,034                109
    Share of the joint ventures’ total comprehensive loss                                         (181,375)          (201,921)
    Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the joint ventures                      20,900             78,910


20. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


    Share of net assets                                                                        24,528,829         23,736,350
    Goodwill on acquisition                                                                       769,441            757,478


    Subtotal                                                                                   25,298,270         24,493,828
    Provision for impairment                                                                     (666,046)          (691,715)


    Total                                                                                      24,632,224         23,802,113


    Movements in the provisions for impairment of investment in associates are as follows:

                                                       At beginning
    2024                                                    of year           Additions          Disposals    At end of year
                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


    Provisions for impairment of：
      Sovereign Medical Services, lnc.                       222,657                  —                  —            222,657
      Saladax Biomedical, Inc.                               129,705                  —                  —            129,705
      Mingyi Zhonghe Technology (Beijing)
         Co., Ltd.                                            64,982                  —                 —              64,982
      Integrated Endoscopy, Inc.                              30,097                  —                 —              30,097
      Others                                                 244,274                  —             25,669            218,605


    Total                                                    691,715                  —             25,669            666,046




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   211
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


20. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

     Movements in the provisions for impairment of investment in associates are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                     At beginning
     2023                                                                  of year               Additions                 Disposals         At end of year
                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000                   RMB’000                RMB’000


     Provisions for impairment of：
       Sovereign Medical Services, lnc.                                   222,657                          —                        —              222,657
       Saladax Biomedical, Inc.                                           129,705                          —                        —              129,705
       Mingyi Zhonghe Technology (Beijing)
          Co., Ltd.                                                        64,982                       —                         —                 64,982
       Integrated Endoscopy, Inc.                                          30,097                       —                         —                 30,097
       Others                                                             218,352                   61,284                    35,362               244,274


     Total                                                                665,793                   61,284                    35,362               691,715


     Particulars of the Group’s principal associates are as follows:

                                                                              Nominal value       Percentage of equity
                                                                                  of issued/     interest attributable to
                                                  Place of incorporation/        registered           the Company
     Company name*                                registration and business    share capital         Direct        Indirect Principal activities
                                                                                       ( ‘000)           %               %


     Sinopharm Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.    PRC/Chinese Mainland          RMB100,000            49.00             — Pharmaceutical investment
        (國藥產業投資有限公司)

     *       The English names of the companies registered in the PRC represent the best efforts of the management of the Company in directly translating
             the Chinese names of these companies.


     The above table lists the associates of the Group which, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, principally
     affected the results of the Group for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give
     details of other associates would, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive
     length.




212 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


20. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

    Sinopharm Industrial Investment Co., Ltd. (“Sinopharm Industrial”), which is considered a material associate of the
    Group, has significant impact on the share of profits and losses of associates and is accounted for using the equity
    method.

    The following table illustrates the summarised financial information of Sinopharm Industrial, adjusted for any
    differences in accounting policies and reconciled to the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements:

                                                                                               2024              2023
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


    Revenue                                                                              584,507,930       596,569,565
    Profit for the year                                                                   10,414,397        14,993,794
    Other comprehensive income                                                                (6,445)            8,395


    Total comprehensive income for the year                                               10,407,952        15,002,189

    Profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent of Sinopharm Industrial       3,546,132         4,553,856

    Current assets                                                                       346,125,795       335,769,893
    Non-current assets                                                                    46,638,366        47,566,886

    Current liabilities                                                                 (250,306,731)     (241,419,075)
    Non-current liabilities                                                              (15,450,885)       (21,300,812)


    Net assets                                                                           127,006,545       120,616,892


    Net assets attributable to owners of the parent of Sinopharm Industrial               40,069,326        37,897,955

    Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in the associate:
      Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                                       49%               49%
      Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                        19,633,970        18,569,998
      Goodwill on acquisition (less cumulative impairment)                                        —                 —


    Carrying amount of the investment                                                     19,633,970        18,569,998


    Dividend received by the Group                                                           671,413           633,947




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   213
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


20. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

     The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that are not individually
     material:

                                                                                                   2024             2023
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000


     Share of the associates’ profit for the year                                                 90,643           155,489
     Share of the associates’ other comprehensive income/(loss)                                   31,654             (6,825)


     Share of the associates’ total comprehensive income                                         122,297           148,664


     Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the associates                    4,998,254         5,232,115


21. EQUITY INVESTMENTS DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                                   2024             2023
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000


     Equity investments designated at fair value through
        other comprehensive income
     Listed equity investments, at fair value
     Sichuan Huiyu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                       11,673            11,619
     Others                                                                                        4,761            41,155


     Total                                                                                        16,434            52,774


     The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at fair value through other comprehensive income as the
     Group considers these investments to be strategic in nature.

     The cumulative loss on transfer to retained earnings from derecognition of investments in other equity instruments for
     the year was RMB3,780,000.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group received dividends in the amounts of RMB209,000 (2023:
     RMB203,000).




214 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


22. DEFERRED TAX

    The movements in deferred tax assets/(liabilities) during the year are as follows:

    Deferred tax assets
                                                                                                                                 Fair value
                                         Losses available                                                                     adjustments
                                            for offsetting Provision for   Depreciation                                       arising from
                                           against future impairment               and     Accrued   Unrealised    Deferred acquisitions of        Lease
                                          taxable profits      of assets   amortisation   expenses       profit     income     subsidiaries    liabilities     Total
                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


    At 31 December 2023                         287,911          46,402          6,344     179,417     100,016       49,782           3,303     231,679       904,854

    Disposal of subsidiaries (note 42)                —            (431)             —          —            —           —               —             —         (431)


    Deferred tax credited/(charged)
       to the statement of profit or
       loss during the year                       89,691         30,714          2,860       8,149       (3,187)    (16,576)         (2,014)    145,329       254,966


    Gross deferred tax assets
       at 31 December 2024                      377,602          76,685          9,204     187,566      96,829       33,206           1,289     377,008      1,159,389




                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024       215
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


22. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)

     The movements in deferred tax assets/(liabilities) during the year are as follows:

     Deferred tax liabilities
                                                    Fair value
                                            remeasurements
                                            of the remaining                       Fair value
                                           equity interest in                   adjustments         Fair value
                                           associates arising                   arising from     adjustments       Fair value
                                           from the disposal                 financial assets        of equity  adjustments
                                          of subsidiaries and       Deemed      at fair value     investment    arising from
                                            other temporary      disposal of through profit     designated at acquisitions of                    Right-of-use
                                                  differences     associates          or loss       fair value   subsidiaries    Depreciation          assets     Total
                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


     At 31 December 2023                             200,444      1,163,439            2,830             583        1,888,027        240,697         229,554    3,725,574


     Disposal of subsidiaries (note 42)                    —              —               —               —                —            (399)             —          (399)
     Deferred tax (credited)/charged to
        the statement of profit or loss
        during the year                                    —              —              126              —          (185,212)        (76,731)       156,004     (105,813)
     Deferred tax charged to reserves
        during the year                                    —              —               —               42              —                —              —           42
     Exchange differences                                 848             —               —               —           26,520               —              —       27,368


     Gross deferred tax liabilities
        at 31 December 2024                          201,292      1,163,439            2,956             625        1,729,335        163,567         385,558    3,646,772




216 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


22. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)

    The movements in deferred tax assets/(liabilities) during the year are as follows:

    Deferred tax assets
                                                                                                                               Fair value
                                       Losses available                                                                     adjustments
                                         for offsetting Provision for   Depreciation                                        arising from
                                        against future impairment of            and     Accrued   Unrealised   Deferred   acquisitions of
                                        taxable profits        assets   amortisation   expenses       profit    income       subsidiaries Lease liabilities      Total
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000


    At 31 December 2022                    117,995           55,312          7,289      149,618    92,179      71,924           7,654              1,383      503,354
    Effect of adoption of amendments
        to HKAS12                               —                 —             —            —          —           —              —              77,632       77,632


    At 1 January2023 (restated)            117,995           55,312          7,289      149,618    92,179      71,924           7,654             79,015      580,986


    Acquisitions of subsidiaries           118,209                —             —        28,432         —           —              —                   —      146,641


    Deferred tax credited/(charged)
       to the statement of profit or
       loss during the year                 51,707            (8,910)         (945)       1,367      7,837     (22,142)        (4,351)           152,664      177,227


    Gross deferred tax assets
       at 31 December 2023                 287,911           46,402          6,344      179,417   100,016      49,782           3,303            231,679      904,854




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024            217
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


22. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)

     Deferred tax liabilities
                                                     Fair value
                                             remeasurements
                                             of the remaining                          Fair value
                                             equity interest in                    adjustments
                                            associates arising                     arising from            Fair value         Fair value
                                            from the disposal                   financial assets adjustments of            adjustments
                                           of subsidiaries and                      at fair value equity investment        arising from
                                             other temporary Deemed disposal     through profit      designated at       acquisitions of                   Right-of-use
                                                   differences  of associates             or loss          fair value       subsidiaries    Depreciation         assets          Total
                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


     At 31 December 2022                            199,496        1,163,439             2,797                  431          1,800,995         256,566              —        3,423,724
     Effect of adoption of amendments to
         HKAS12                                          —                —                   `-                  —                  —               —         77,632          77,632


     At 1 January 2023 (restated)                   199,496        1,163,439             2,797                  431          1,800,995         256,566         77,632        3,501,356


     Acquisitions of subsidiaries                        —                —                  —                    —            186,871            4,725             —         191,596


     Deferred tax (credited)/charged to
        the statement of profit or loss
        during the year                                  —                —                  33                   —           (113,836)         (20,594)      151,922          17,525
     Deferred tax charged to reserves
        during the year                                  —                —                  —                  152                 —                —              —             152
     Exchange differences                               948               —                  —                   —              13,997               —              —          14,945


     Gross deferred tax liabilities
        at 31 December 2023                         200,444        1,163,439             2,830                  583          1,888,027         240,697        229,554        3,725,574



     Net deferred tax assets and net deferred tax liabilities as at the respective reporting dates are as follows：

                                                                                      2024                                                            2023
                                                                          Offset amount    Net amount                                      Offset amount             Net amount
                                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000                                           RMB’000                RMB’000


     Deferred tax assets                                                              401,613                           757,776                  280,383                   624,471


     Deferred tax liabilities                                                         401,613                      3,245,159                     280,383                  3,445,191




218 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


22. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)

    Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items as they have arisen in subsidiaries that
    have been loss-making for some time and it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be available against
    which the following items can be utilised:

                                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


    Tax losses                                                                              11,342,605         11,138,269
    Deductible temporary differences                                                         1,645,725          1,780,646


    Total                                                                                   12,988,330         12,918,915


    There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payments of dividends by the Company to its shareholders.

23. TRADE RECEIVABLES-NON-CURRENT

                                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


    Trade receivables                                                                           206,203              90,435
    Impairment                                                                                   (6,767)             (5,112)


    Net carrying amount                                                                         199,436              85,323


    Movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


    At beginning of year                                                                           5,112              5,083
    Impairment losses, net                                                                         6,285                901
    Amounts written off as uncollectible                                                          (4,300)              (939)
    Exchange realignment                                                                            (330)                67


    At end of year                                                                                6,767               5,112




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   219
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


24. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

                                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


     Prepayments for purchase of items of property, plant and equipment                             320,827          1,431,182
     Prepayments for acquisitions of an associate company and subsidiaries                              385            265,486
     Prepayments for purchase of other intangible assets                                            564,347            694,566
     Deposits for purchase of prepaid land lease payments                                                —              22,200
     Loans to a related party                                                                            —             196,743
     Others                                                                                         227,521             96,451


     Total                                                                                        1,113,080          2,706,628


     Included in the Group’s other non-current assets are amounts due from a related party of the Group of RMB147,026,000 (2023:
     RMB966,942,000) arising from prepayments for purchase of items of property, plant and equipment. The balances
     were non-interest-bearing.

     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical Industry Development Co., Ltd. (“Industrial Development”) provided an entrusted loan
     of RMB196,743,000 to Fosun Kite Biological Technology Co., Ltd. (now renamed Fosun Kairos (Shanghai) Biological
     Technology Co., Ltd. (“Fosun Kairos”)), an associate at that time, with a fixed interest rate of 4.73%. On 31 October
     2024, the Group completed the acquisition of its controlling interest. On 19 July 2024, Industrial Development signed
     the Debt for Equity and Capital Increase Agreement with Kite Pharma and Fosun Kairos, and Industrial Development
     and Kite Pharma respectively increased the capital of Fosun Kairos in the same proportion with their existing debt for
     equity swaps of equivalent USD28,500,000 to Fosun Kairos.

25. INVENTORIES

                                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


     Raw materials                                                                                1,813,490          2,199,240
     Work in progress                                                                             1,062,160          1,323,919
     Finished goods                                                                               3,831,556          3,534,766
     Spare parts and consumables                                                                    669,804            664,557
     Others                                                                                         144,294             80,622


                                                                                                  7,521,304          7,803,104
     Provision                                                                                     (262,655)          (265,336)


     Total                                                                                        7,258,649          7,537,768




220 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


26. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES/DEBT INVESTMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH
    OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                                2024             2023
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


    Trade receivables                                                                       7,952,073         7,643,737
    Bills receivable                                                                           72,360            24,492


    Total                                                                                   8,024,433         7,668,229


                                                                                                2024             2023
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


    Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                         612,973           642,569


    If an entity’s business model for the management of bank notes is aimed at both the collection of contract cash flows
    and the sale, it is classified as financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.

    The credit period for trade receivables is generally three months, which may be extended up to six months for major
    customers. Trade and bills receivables are non-interest-bearing.

    An ageing analysis of trade receivables, based on the invoice date and net of loss allowance, as at the respective
    reporting dates is as follows:

                                                                                                2024             2023
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


    Within 1 year                                                                           7,754,376         7,436,979
    1 to 2 years                                                                              275,391           333,408
    2 to 3 years                                                                              143,146            77,594
    Over 3 years                                                                               89,807            64,952


    Total                                                                                   8,262,720         7,912,933

    Impairment                                                                               (310,647)          (269,196)


    Net Carrying Amount                                                                     7,952,073         7,643,737




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   221
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


26. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES/DEBT INVESTMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH
    OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Continued)

     The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                      2024           2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000


     At beginning of year                                                                          269,196         207,192
     Impairment losses, net                                                                        101,391         109,461
     Amounts written off as uncollectible                                                          (59,940)         (47,457)


     At end of year                                                                                310,647         269,196


     An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected credit losses.
     The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments with similar loss patterns
     (i.e., by geographical region, product type, customer type and rating, and coverage by letters of credit or other forms
     of credit insurance). The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable
     and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts
     of future economic conditions.

     Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a provision
     matrix:

     As at 31 December 2024

                                                                             Past due
                                                        Less than                                        Over
                                              Current      1 year 1 to 2 years 2 to 3 years            3 years        Total


     Expected credit loss rate                 0.80%       5.50%       100.00%       100.00%          100.00%        3.76%
     Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)        6,443,812   1,650,514        74,208        40,445           53,741    8,262,720
     Expected credit losses (RMB’000)          51,430      90,823        74,208        40,445           53,741      310,647

     As at 31 December 2023

                                                                             Past due
                                                         Less than                                        Over
                                              Current       1 year   1 to 2 years   2 to 3 years        3 years        Total


     Expected credit loss rate                 1.07%       5.41%       100.00%       100.00%          100.00%        3.40%
     Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)        6,309,557   1,481,702        61,978        17,191           42,505    7,912,933
     Expected credit losses (RMB’000)          67,319      80,203        61,978        17,191           42,505      269,196




222 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


26. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES/DEBT INVESTMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH
    OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Continued)

    Included in the Group’s trade receivables are amounts due from the Group’s associates of RMB1,027,020,000 (2023:
    RMB1,037,217,000), the Group’s joint ventures of nil (2023: RMB4,000) and other related companies of RMB18,977,000 (2023:
    RMB17,640,000). There was no bills receivable due from the Group’s associates (2023: Nil). Included in the Group’s
    debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income are amounts due from the Group’s associates
    of RMB151,610,000 (2023: RMB122,882,000). These balances due from associates, joint ventures and other related
    companies were trade in nature, non-interest-bearing and collectible on credit terms similar to those offered to the
    major customers of the Group.

27. CONTRACT ASSETS

                                                                                                   2024              2023
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


    Contract assets arising from:
     Research and development services                                                             43,928             82,419
     Profit-sharing                                                                                83,625             63,468


                                                                                                 127,553            145,887
    Impairment allowance                                                                              —                  —


    Total                                                                                        127,553            145,887


    Contract assets are initially recognised for revenue earned from research and development services as the receipt of
    consideration is based on achieving of operational milestones under development plan. Included in contract assets for
    research and development services are retention receivables. Upon achievement of operational milestones, the amounts
    recognised as contract assets are reclassified to trade receivables.

    Contract assets are initially recognised for revenue earned from profit-sharing as the receipt of consideration is based
    on profit earned by the customer from selling the product in the market. Upon achievement of settlement conditions,
    the amounts recognised as contract assets are reclassified to trade receivables.

    During the year ended 31 December 2024, no allowance was recognised for expected credit losses on contract assets.
    The Group’s trading terms and credit policy with customers are disclosed in note 26 to the financial statements.

    The expected timing of recovery or settlement for contract assets as at 31 December is as follows:

                                                                                                   2024              2023
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


    Within one year                                                                              127,553            145,887




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   223
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


28. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                                   2024             2023
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000


     Advances to suppliers                                                                       864,975           884,582
     Other receivables                                                                         1,432,806         1,373,622

                                                                                               2,297,781         2,258,204
     Impairment allowance                                                                        (25,227)          (42,175)

     Total                                                                                     2,272,554         2,216,029


     An ageing analysis of prepayments, other receivables and other assets as at the respective reporting dates, net of loss
     allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                                   2024             2023
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000


     Within 1 year                                                                             1,966,593         1,999,224
     1 to 2 years                                                                                159,025           111,036
     2 to 3 years                                                                                 74,546            57,666
     Over 3 years                                                                                 97,617            90,278

                                                                                               2,297,781         2,258,204
     Less: Loss allowance for impairment of other receivables                                    (25,227)          (42,175)

     Total                                                                                     2,272,554         2,216,029




224 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


28. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS (Continued)

    The changes in the impairment allowance for other receivables based on 12-month and the entire life expectancy
    expected credit losses are as follows:

                                                               Stage 1           Stage 2          Stage 3
                                                         12-month ECLs     Lifetime ECLs    Lifetime ECLs         Total
                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000


    At 1 January 2024                                           42,175                —                —              42,175
    The balance of 1 January 2024 in this year
      — Stage Transition                                       (16,773)               —           16,773                  —
    Provision/Reversal for impairment losses
      for this year                                               (175)               —             3,130           2,955
    Amounts written off as uncollectible for this year              —                 —           (19,903)        (19,903)

    At 31 December 2024                                         25,227                —                —              25,227


                                                               Stage 1            Stage 2          Stage 3
                                                         12-month ECLs      Lifetime ECLs    Lifetime ECLs          Total
                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000


    At 1 January 2023                                           21,030                —                —              21,030
    The balance of 1 January 2023 in this year
      — Stage Transition                                           (420)              —               420                 —
    Provision for impairment losses for this year               25,505                —                —              25,505
    Impairment losses reversed for this year                     (3,940)              —                —              (3,940)
    Amounts written off as uncollectible for this year               —                —              (420)              (420)


    At 31 December 2023                                         42,175                —                —              42,175


    Included in the Group’s prepayments, other receivables and other assets are amounts due from the Group’s associates
    of RMB10,990,000 (2023: RMB22,561,000), the Group’s joint ventures of nil (2023: RMB572,000) and other related
    companies of RMB8,325,000 (2023: RMB10,975,000), respectively. These balances were non-interest-bearing and
    collectible on demand.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   225
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


29. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                                                       2024                  2023
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


     Listed equity investments, at fair value                                                                      1,322,260              1,291,366
     Other unlisted equity investments, at fair value                                                              2,410,866              1,637,244
     Debt investments, at fair value                                                                                  20,000                     —


     Total                                                                                                         3,753,126              2,928,610


     Current portion                                                                                               2,595,997              1,888,496
     Non-current portion                                                                                           1,157,129              1,040,114

     The above equity investments at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023 were classified as financial assets at fair
     value through profit or loss as they were held for trading, or as the group has not elected to recognize the fair value
     gain or loss through other comprehensive income.

30. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                                                       2024                  2023
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


     Cash on hand                                                                                                      3,162                  3,234
     Cash at banks, unrestricted                                                                                   9,138,796              8,983,634
     Deposits in Fosun Finance*                                                                                      249,492                515,521


     Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated statement of cash flows                               9,391,450              9,502,389
     Restricted bank balances to secure bills payable and for other purposes                                         508,368                255,683
     Term deposits with original maturity of more than three months in Fosun Finance*                              1,564,100              1,374,800
     Other term deposits with original maturity of more than three months                                          2,060,015              2,560,719


     Cash and bank balances as stated in the consolidated statement of financial
       position                                                                                                   13,523,933            13,693,591


     *       Fosun Group Finance Corporation Limited (“Fosun Finance”) is a licensed financial institution registered with the China Banking Regulatory
             Commission. Fosun Finance is a subsidiary of Fosun High Tech. Details of the deposits are given in note 47(d) to the financial statements.




226 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


30. CASH AND BANK BALANCES (Continued)

    As at 31 December 2024, the cash and bank balances of the Group denominated in Renminbi (“RMB”) amounted to
    RMB9,560,092,000 (2023: RMB10,236,879,000). The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies. However,
    under Chinese Mainland’s prevailing rules and regulations over foreign exchange, the Group is permitted to exchange
    RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.

    Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term time deposits are made
    for varying periods of between seven days and three months depending on the immediate cash requirements of the
    Group, and earn interest at the respective short-term time deposit rates. Term deposits with original maturity of more
    than three months earn interest at fixed interest rates for varying periods of between three months and one year. The
    bank balances and pledged deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default. Details of
    interest earned on deposits in Fosun Finance are set out in note 47(e) to the financial statements.

31. ASSETS OF A DISPOSAL GROUP CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE

    On 21 June 2024, Fosun Diagnosis Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, reached an
    agreement with the controlling shareholder of Jiangsu Innova Medical Technology Co., Ltd. to dispose the 25% equity
    interest in Jiangsu Innova Medical Technology Co., Ltd. The consideration of the disposal was RMB47,500,000.

    On 31 December 2024, Shanghai Fosun Health Technology (Group) Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, reached
    an agreement with an independent third party to dispose the 2.7937% equity interest in Tupai (Beijing) Medical
    Technology Co., Ltd. The consideration of the disposal was RMB50,287,000.

    On 28 December 2024, Shanghai Futuo Biotechnology Development Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, reached
    an agreement with an independent third party to dispose the 12% equity interest in Xiansida (Nanjing) Biotechnology
    Co., Ltd. The consideration of the disposal was RMB50,000,000. After the completion of this transfer, Shanghai Futuo
    Biotechnology Development Co., Ltd. still holds RMB2,284,700 of registered capital of Xiansida (Nanjing) Biotechnology
    Co., Ltd., with a shareholding ratio of 17.3031% (the influencing factors of shareholding changes include the dilution
    of financing in the same period as this transfer).

    The carrying value of assets of a disposal group classified as held for sale are presented below:

                                                                                                     2024            2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000


    Asset held for sale-Investments in associates                                                   74,968               —




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   227
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


32. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

                                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


     Trade payables                                                                              5,378,370          5,507,366
     Bills payable                                                                                 619,015            652,253


     Total                                                                                       5,997,385          6,159,619


     Trade and bills payables are non-interest-bearing. Trade payables are normally settled on a two-month term, and bills
     payable are normally settled on 90 to 180-day terms.

     An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as
     follows:

                                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


     Within 1 year                                                                               5,752,977          5,844,073
     1 to 2 years                                                                                  159,899            223,314
     2 to 3 years                                                                                   19,743             57,124
     Over 3 years                                                                                   64,766             35,108


     Total                                                                                       5,997,385          6,159,619


     Included in the Group’s trade payables are amounts due to the Group’s associates, joint ventures and other related
     companies of RMB126,946,000 (2023: RMB70,949,000), Nil (2023: Nil) and RMB51,830,000 (2023: RMB51,230,000),
     respectively. These balances due to associates, joint ventures and other related companies were trade in nature, non-
     interest-bearing and repayable on credit terms similar to those offered by the associates, joint ventures and other
     related companies to their major customers.




228 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


33. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                                                    Notes              RMB’000                RMB’000


    Payables relating to purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                                            625,814                487,903
    Deposits received                                                                                                   273,266                350,963
    Payroll                                                                                                           1,978,490              1,978,116
    Value-added tax                                                                                                     157,150                177,814
    Other taxes                                                                                                         124,881                108,522
    Accrued interest expenses                                                                                            74,212                 82,085
    Dividends payable to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                                                    13,328                 17,317
    Other accrued expenses                                                                                            2,577,170              2,676,846
    Payables for acquisitions of non-controlling interests, and subsidiaries                                            151,192                232,865
    Payables to third parties                                                                         (i)               592,206                455,202
    Subscription to restricted shares                                                                                    19,100                 41,928
    Advances for equity disposal of associates and subsidiaries                                                          88,594                     —
    Payables for purchases of fixed assets on installment                                                                47,660                  8,689
    Loans from related parties                                                                        (ii)               38,652                 34,924
    Others                                                                                            (iii)             281,081                207,909


                                                                                                                      7,042,796              6,861,083
    Less: Non-current portion of payables for acquisitions of non-controlling
           interests and subsidiaries (note 38)                                                                          (59,652)             (112,589)


    Total                                                                                                             6,983,144              6,748,494

    Notes:

    (i)      Payables to third parties of RMB592,206,000 as at 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB455,202,000) bear no interest (2023: Nil) and are repayable on
             demand.

    (ii)     Included in the Group’s loans from related parties are amounts due to the Group’s other related companies of RMB38,652,000 (2023:
             RMB34,924,000). The annual interest rate is 5.80%.

    (iii)    Other payables are non-interest-bearing and repayable on demand.

             Included in the Group’s other payables are amounts due to the Group’s associates, joint ventures and other related companies of RMB11,225,000
             (2023: RMB2,454,000), RMB166,000 (2023: RMB1,697,000) and RMB135,819,000 (2023: RMB63,455,000), respectively. These balances were
             non-interest-bearing and repayable on demand.




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024        229
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


34. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS

                                                 31 December 2024                      31 December 2023
                                          Effective                              Effective
                                            Interest                              Interest
                                           rate (%)     Maturity    RMB’000      rate (%)      Maturity     RMB’000


     Current
     Bank loans — unsecured               0.50–5.00        2025 18,517,920      0.10–4.90         2024 14,657,291
     Bank loans — secured (note (a))      1.80–4.00        2025    169,785      3.70–3.90         2024     36,530

     Current portion of long term
     bank loans — unsecured               0.35–6.12        2025     3,655,539   0.30–4.83         2024     3,681,893
     bank loans — secured (note (a))      3.18–6.18        2025       276,896   3.53–4.45         2024       193,196
     Corporate bonds — unsecured
       (note (b))                                —            —            —         3.50         2024      499,908


     Total-current                                                 22,620,140                             19,068,818


     Non-current
     Bank loans — unsecured               0.30–7.04    2026–2030    8,327,506   0.30–7.04    2025–2030 11,618,949
     Bank loans — secured (note (a))      3.18–6.18    2026–2034    1,875,994   3.53–5.00    2025–2030  1,885,974


     Subtotal-non-current                                          10,203,500                             13,504,923


     Corporate bonds — unsecured
      (note (b))                               4.20        2026      240,000           —            —             —


     Total-non-current                                             10,443,500                             13,504,923


     Total                                                         33,063,640                             32,573,741




230 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


34. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued)

                                                            2024               2023
                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


    Analysed into:
     Bank loans and overdrafts repayable:
        Within one year or on demand                    22,620,140        18,568,910
        In the second year                               4,575,231         6,264,630
        In the third to fifth years, inclusive           5,432,670         6,193,279
        Beyond five years                                  195,599         1,047,014


    Subtotal                                            32,823,640        32,073,833


      Other borrowings repayable:
        Within one year                                           —          499,908
        In the second year                                   240,000              —


    Subtotal                                                 240,000         499,908


    Total                                               33,063,640        32,573,741




                                                             Annual Report 2024   231
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


34. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued)

     Foreign currency loans
                                                                                                                                   2024                    2023
                                                                                                                                RMB’000                  RMB’000


     USD:
       Secured                                                                                                                        —                        —
       Unsecured                                                                                                               1,335,263                4,133,776


                                                                                                                               1,335,263                4,133,776


     EUR:
       Secured                                                                                                                        —                        —
       Unsecured                                                                                                               3,205,768                2,623,122


                                                                                                                               3,205,768                2,623,122


     SEK:
       Secured                                                                                                                       9,185                      —
       Unsecured                                                                                                                        —                   10,680


                                                                                                                                     9,185                  10,680


     Notes:

     (a)      Certain of the Group’s bank loans are secured by:

              (i)     mortgages over the Group’s buildings, which had a net carrying value at the end of the reporting period of approximately RMB1,828,910,000 (2023:
                      RMB1,487,653,000);

              (ii)    mortgages over the Group’s prepaid land lease payments, which had a net carrying value at the end of the reporting period of
                      approximately RMB615,111,000 (2023: RMB614,613,000);

              (iii)   mortgages over the Group’s construction in progress, which had a net carrying value at the end of the reporting period of approximately
                      RMB 768,379,000 (2023: RMB629,372,000);

              (iv)    mortgages over the Group’s patent, which had a net carrying value at the end of the reporting period of approximately RMB227,000 (2023:
                      RMB355,000);

              (v)     factoring of accounts receivables, which had a net carrying value at the end of the reporting period of approximately RMB24,000,000.

              (vi)    58.67% equity of its subsidiary Suzhou Baidao Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (2023: 58.67%). 6.00% equity of its subsidiary Jianjia
                      Medical Investment Management Co., Ltd. (2023: Nil).

     (b)      On 9 March 2022 the Company issued medium-term notes with a maturity of four years in an aggregate amount of RMB500,000,000, which
              bear interest at 3.50% per annum. The interest is payable annually in arrears and the maturity date is 9 March 2026. As at 31 December 2024,
              the book value of the four-year corporate bonds is RMB240,000,000 at an interest rate of 4.20%.




232 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


35. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                             31 December 2024                     31 December 2023
                                                            Maturity           RMB’000            Maturity        RMB’000


    Current
    Lease liability                                              2025           340,981              2024         329,525


    Non-current
    Lease liability                                       2026–2044           2,541,968         2025–2041        2,049,589


    Total                                                                     2,882,949                          2,379,114


                                                                                                    2024            2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000


    Analysed into:
     Lease liabilities:
        Within one year                                                                           340,981          329,525
        In the second to fifth years, inclusive                                                 1,843,987        1,119,057
        Beyond five years                                                                         697,981          930,532


    Total                                                                                       2,882,949        2,379,114


36. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

    Details of contract liabilities as at 31 December 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                    2024            2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000


    Warranty services                                                                              88,727          105,722
    Advances from customers                                                                     1,578,223        1,414,559


    Total contract liabilities                                                                  1,666,950        1,520,281


    Current portion                                                                             1,232,315        1,200,496
    Non-current portion                                                                           434,635          319,785

    Contract liabilities include advances received to deliver products and warranty services.

    Included in the Group’s contract liabilities are amounts due to the Group’s associates, joint ventures and other
    related companies of RMB19,001,000 (2023: RMB9,949,000), Nil (2023: Nil) and RMB125,000 (2023: RMB490,000),
    respectively. These balances were non-interest-bearing and repayable on demand.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   233
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


37. DEFERRED INCOME

                                                                                                                                 2024                   2023
                                                                                                          Note                RMB’000                 RMB’000


     Government grants                                                                                       (i)               657,891                 639,399

     Note:

     (i)      Government grants were received by the Group as financial subsidies for some research and development projects, industrial development funds
              and value-added tax refund. Government grants are recognised as income over the periods necessary to match the grants on a systematic basis to
              the costs that they are intended to compensate. There are no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these grants.

              The movements in government grants during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                                                   2024                     2023
                                                                                                                                RMB’000                  RMB’000


              At 1 January                                                                                                        639,399                 632,433
              Additions                                                                                                           117,408                 130,566
              Recognised as income during the year                                                                                (98,916)               (123,600)


              At 31 December                                                                                                      657,891                 639,399



38. OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES

                                                                                                                                 2024                   2023
                                                                                                          Notes               RMB’000                 RMB’000


     Staff placement fees                                                                                    (i)                 21,070                 23,186
     Payables for acquisitions of non-controlling interests and subsidiaries                                                     59,652                112,589
     Share redemption option granted to non-controlling shareholders
       of subsidiaries                                                                                      (ii)             1,427,655               1,601,368
     Payables for purchases of fixed assets on instalment                                                                      200,815                  23,505
     Long-term employee payable                                                                                                189,446                 141,476
     Other financial liabilities                                                                                               536,295                 878,407
     Others                                                                                                                    316,083                 356,343

                                                                                                                             2,751,016               3,136,874

     Notes:

     (i)      Staff placement fees represent liabilities incurred by certain subsidiaries of the Group before 2008 in respect of the retirement benefits of certain
              employees and retirees.

     (ii)     The share redemption option granted to non-controlling shareholders of Fosun Adgenvax (Chengdu) Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd and Suzhou
              Baidao Medical Technology Co., Ltd represented the liability of the Group to acquire the non-controlling interests owned by the non-controlling
              shareholders as at 31 December 2024.




234 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


39. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                    2024                                            2023
                                                                       Number of                  Nominal               Number of                  Nominal
                                                                          shares                    value                  shares                    value
                                                                            ’000                  RMB’000                    ’000                 RMB’000


    Shares
    Restricted shares
      A Shares of RMB1 each                                                      897                     897                  2,743                   2,743


    Unrestricted shares
     A Shares of RMB1 each                                               2,118,488               2,118,488              2,117,715               2,117,715
     H Shares of RMB1 each                                                 551,941                 551,941                551,941                 551,941


                                                                         2,671,326               2,671,326              2,672,399               2,672,399


    A summary of movements in the company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                                                    2024                                            2023
                                                                       Number of                                        Number of                  Nominal
                                                                          shares          Nominal value                    shares                    value
                                                      Note                  ’000              RMB’000                        ’000                 RMB’000


    At 1 January                                                         2,672,399               2,672,399              2,672,157               2,672,157
    Share incentive scheme                                                      —                       —                     372                     372
    Shares repurchased                                  (i)                 (1,073)                 (1,073)                  (130)                   (130)


    At 31 December                                                       2,671,326               2,671,326              2,672,399               2,672,399


    Note:

    (i)     On 7 August 2024, the 58th meeting of the 9th session of the board of directors and the 9th meeting of the 9th session of the Supervisory
            Committee in 2024 considered and approved the proposal on the repurchase and cancellation of some of the restricted A shares that have not
            been lifted. According to the authorization of the relevant shareholders’ meeting and the relevant provisions of the restricted A share incentive
            scheme, it is agreed that the Company repurchase and cancel a total of 1,072,246 restricted A shares, Total repurchase price is RMB22,831,000 (of
            which interest expense is RMB3,000).


    (ii)    On 9 January 2024, the 42nd meeting of the 9th Board of Directors and the first meeting of the 9th Supervisory Committee in 2024 of our
            company respectively approved the proposal regarding the first phase of lifting the restrictions on the Restricted A Shares granted under the
            Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme. A total of 774,114 Restricted A Shares held by 113 incentive recipients have met the conditions for the first
            phase of lifting the restrictions as stipulated in the plan. It was agreed to lift the restrictions on these Restricted A Shares.




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024         235
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


40. RESERVES

     The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are presented in the
     consolidated statements of changes in equity on pages 139 to 140 of the financial statements.

     Statutory surplus reserve
     According to the relevant PRC regulations and the articles of association of the Company in the PRC, the Company is
     required to transfer 10% of its profit after income tax, as determined under the Chinese Accounting Standards, to the
     statutory surplus reserve until the reserve balance reaches 50% of its registered capital. The transfer to this reserve must
     be made before the distribution of dividends to equity owners. The statutory surplus reserve can be used to make good
     previous years’ losses, if any, and may be converted into paid-in capital/issued share capital in proportion to the existing
     interests of equity owners, provided that the balance after such conversion is not less than 25% of its registered capital.
     This reserve is non-distributable other than in liquidation.

41. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

     The major acquisitions of subsidiaries accounted for as business combinations are set out as follows:

     On 22 October 2024, Fosun Pharmaceutical Industry Development (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.* a subsidiary of the Company,
     acquired 100.00% equity interests in Shenzhen Fosun Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd.* (“Shenzhen Fosun”) from
     an independent third party. The consideration for the acquisition was RMB5,588,000. After the acquisition, the Group
     holds 100% equity interests in Shenzhen Fosun. The Group determined that the acquisition date of this transaction was
     22 October 2024, and Shenzhen Fosun was included in the scope of consolidation from 22 October 2024.

     On 31 October 2024, Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical Industry Development Co., Ltd.* a subsidiary of the Company,
     acquired 50.00% equity interests in Fosun Kairos (Shanghai) Biological Technology Co., Ltd.* (“Fosun Kairos”) from
     Kite Pharma. The consideration for the acquisition was RMB192,549,000. After the acquisition, the Group holds 100%
     equity interests in Fosun Kairos. The Group determined that the acquisition date of this transaction was 31 October
     2024, and Fosun Kairos was included in the scope of consolidation from 31 October 2024.

     *     The English names of the companies registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the management of the Company in directly
           translating the Chinese names of these companies.


     The above acquisitions were undertaken under the Group’s strategy to further improve the Group’s pharmaceutical
     manufacturing, medical devices and medical diagnosis and health care service.

     The Group has elected to measure the non-controlling interests in all the subsidiaries acquired at the non-controlling
     interests’ proportionate share of the acquired subsidiaries’ identifiable net assets.




236 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


41. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (Continued)

    The provisional fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of all the subsidiaries acquired as at the dates of
    acquisition were as follows:

                                                                                                                  Fair value
                                                                                                              recognised on
                                                                                                                 acquisition
                                                                                             Notes                 RMB’000


    Property, plant and equipment                                                             15                     151,622
    Right-of-use assets                                                                      16(a)                    11,274
    Other intangible assets                                                                   18                     543,024

    Inventories                                                                                                        32,315
    Trade and bills receivables                                                                                         2,328
    Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                                    14,973
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                          89,048

    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings-current                                                              (240,000)
    Trade and bills payables                                                                                           (1,754)
    Other payables and accruals                                                                                     (263,248)
    Lease liabilities — current                                                              16(b)                         (84)
    Contract liabilities                                                                                             (28,427)

    Deferred income                                                                                                   (31,326)
    Lease liabilities — non current                                                          16(b)                      (6,669)


    Non-controlling interests                                                                                             —
    Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                                      273,076


    Goodwill                                                                                                               —


                                                                                                                     273,076


    Satisfied by:
      Cash consideration paid in 2024                                                                                198,137
      Fair value of equity investments held by the Group                                                              74,939


    Total                                                                                                            273,076




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   237
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


41. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (Continued)

     An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisitions of subsidiaries is as follows:

                                                                                                                                     RMB’000


     Cash consideration paid                                                                                                         (198,137)
     Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                                                89,048
     Payment of unpaid cash consideration as at 31 December 2023                                                                     (106,705)

     Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from investing activities                                       (215,794)


     Since the acquisitions, the acquired subsidiaries contributed the addition of RMB86,508,000 to the Group’s revenue
     and the deduction of RMB42,120,000 to the Group’s profit after tax for the year ended 31 December 2024.

42. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group entered into an equity interest transfer agreement with an
     independent third party, to dispose of 70% of equity interest in Chongqing Guoyu Health Management Co., Ltd.*
     for a consideration of nil. The disposal date was 28 March 2024. This subsidiary was not included in the consolidated
     financial statements of the Group hereafter.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group entered into an equity interest transfer agreement with two
     independent third parties, to dispose of 15% of equity interest in Guorong Leyang Health Technology (Shanghai)
     Co., Ltd.* for a consideration of nil. The disposal date was 29 March 2024. This subsidiary was not included in the
     consolidated financial statements of the Group hereafter.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group entered into an equity interest transfer agreement with an
     independent third party, to dispose of 70% of equity interest in Fujian Jiahu Medical Management Co., Ltd.* for a
     consideration of nil. The disposal date was 23 April 2024. This subsidiary was not included in the consolidated financial
     statements of the Group hereafter.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group entered into an equity interest transfer agreement with an
     independent third party, to dispose of 51% of equity interest in Sinopharm Putian Hanjiang Medical Investment Co.,
     Ltd.* for a consideration of RMB130,000,000. The disposal date was 27 June 2024. This subsidiary was not included in
     the consolidated financial statements of the Group hereafter.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group entered into an equity interest transfer agreement with an
     independent third party, to dispose of 60% of equity interest in Tongfuhui (Shanghai) Health Service Co., Ltd.* for
     a consideration of RMB45,000,000. The disposal date was 23 October 2024. This subsidiary was not included in the
     consolidated financial statements of the Group hereafter.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group equity interests in Shanghai Futuo Zhida Medical Technology
     Co., Ltd.* decreased from 54% to 44% due to equity restructuring. The disposal date was 20 December 2024. This
     subsidiary was not included in the consolidated financial statements of the Group hereafter.

     *     The English names of the companies registered in the PRC represent the best efforts made by the management of the Company in directly
           translating the Chinese names of these companies.




238 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


42. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

    The financial information of above subsidiaries at the date of disposal is as follows:

                                                                                                2024           2023
                                                                                   Notes     RMB’000         RMB’000


    Net assets disposed of:
      Property, plant and equipment                                                  15       921,372                163
      Right-of-use assets                                                           16(a)      50,956                 —
      Other intangible assets                                                        18        10,972                 —
      Deferred tax assets                                                            22           431                 —
      Other non-current assets                                                                 12,710                 —
      Inventory                                                                                12,890              1,542
      Trade and bills receivables                                                              84,705              1,162
      Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                          17,787              2,065
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                62,669                 —
      Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings-current                                      (77,790)                —
      Trade and bills payables                                                                (74,709)              (552)
      Other payables and accruals                                                            (220,074)            (2,115)
      Contract liabilities                                                                    (44,852)                —
      Tax payable                                                                                 (21)                —
      Provision                                                                                (2,611)                —
      Lease liabilities-current                                                    16(b)       (2,367)                —
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                      22           (399)                —
      Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings-non current                                 (381,776)                —
      Lease liabilities-non current                                                16(b)       (1,770)                —


                                                                                             368,123              2,265

    Non-controlling interests                                                                (133,214)                —
    Goodwill                                                                         17        13,785                 —
    Fair value remeasurement of existing equity in the subsidiary                             (44,186)                —
    Loss on disposal of subsidiaries                                                 7        (29,508)            (1,046)


    Total consideration                                                                      175,000              1,219


    Satisfied by:
      Cash                                                                                   175,000              1,219




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   239
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


42. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

     An analysis of the net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of subsidiaries is as follows:

                                                                                                       2024               2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000


     Cash consideration                                                                              175,000                 1,219
     Cash and bank balances disposed of                                                              (62,669)                   —
     Cash considerations to be received                                                              (69,500)                 (919)
     Advances for equity disposal of subsidiaries                                                     88,593                    —

     Net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of subsidiaries              131,424                  300


43. NOTE TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

     (a)   Major non-cash transactions
           During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of RMB853,586,000 (2023:
           RMB302,514,000) and RMB863,295,000 (2023: RMB308,537,000),respectively, in respect of lease arrangements
           for buildings, plant and equipment and motor vehicles.

     (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
           2024

                                                                                                      Loans from
                                                                                                  related parties
                                                                                                      included in
                                                                      Bank and            Lease other payables          Interest
                                                                    other loans       liabilities   and accruals        payable
                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000


           At 1 January 2024                                         32,573,741      2,379,114              34,924          82,085

           Changes from financing cash flows                             565,684       (426,788)             3,728        —
           New leases                                                         —         863,295                 —         —
           Covid-19-related rent recessions from lessors                      —              —                  —         —
           Lease termination                                                  —         (27,858)                —         —
           Interest paid                                                      —              —                  — (1,337,318)
           Foreign exchange movement                                     143,689         (7,293)                —    (24,306)
           Interest expense                                                   92         99,863                 — 1,331,960
           Increase arising from acquisition of subsidiaries             240,000          6,753                 —         —
           Decrease arising from disposal of subsidiaries               (459,566)        (4,137)                —         —
           Interests capitalised under construction in progress               —              —                  —     21,791

           At 31 December 2024                                       33,063,640      2,882,949              38,652          74,212




240 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


43. NOTE TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)

    (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)
          2023

                                                                                                       Loans from
                                                                                                    related parties
                                                                                                        included in
                                                                      Bank and           Lease      other payables     Interest
                                                                    other loans      liabilities      and accruals     payable
                                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000               RMB’000     RMB’000


          At 1 January 2023                                        29,116,228        929,398               14,111     144,962

          Changes from financing cash flows                         1,365,641       (251,707)              20,813        —
          New leases                                                       —         308,537                   —         —
          Covid-19-related rent recessions from lessors                    —            (277)                  —         —
          Lease termination                                                —         (72,764)                  —         —
          Interest paid                                                    —              —                    — (1,331,338)
          Foreign exchange movement                                   268,935         12,721                   —    (54,928)
          Interest expense                                               (354)        50,920                   — 1,274,265
          Increase arising from acquisition of subsidiaries         1,823,291      1,402,286                   —         —
          Decrease arising from disposal of subsidiaries                   —              —                    —         —
          Interests capitalised under construction in progress             —              —                    —     49,124


          At 31 December 2023                                      32,573,741      2,379,114               34,924         82,085


    (c)   Total cash outflow for leases
          The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flow is as follows:

                                                                                                       2024             2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


          Within operating activities                                                                86,832           113,749
          Within financing activities                                                               426,788           251,707


          Total                                                                                     513,620           365,456




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   241
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


44. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

     Details of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests are set out below:

                                                                                                       2024           2023


     Percentage of equity interest held by non-controlling interests:
       Gland Pharma                                                                                 48.17%         42.14%


                                                                                                     2024           2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


     Profit for the year allocated to non-controlling interests:
       Gland Pharma                                                                                 183,225        166,459


                                                                                                     2024           2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


     Accumulated balances of non-controlling interests at the reporting date:
       Gland Pharma                                                                               4,085,257      3,592,833


     The following tables illustrate the summarised financial information of the above subsidiary. The amounts disclosed are
     before any inter-company eliminations:

                                                                                                     2024           2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


     Revenue                                                                                      4,898,370      4,206,796
     Total expenses                                                                                (622,762)      (615,717)
     Profit for the year                                                                            405,444        395,015
     Total comprehensive income for the year                                                       (235,493)       540,871


     Current assets                                                                               5,475,403      5,349,293
     Non-current assets                                                                           5,057,985      5,325,539
     Current liabilities                                                                         (1,192,241)    (1,291,199)
     Non-current liabilities                                                                       (759,165)      (857,197)


     Net cash flows from operating activities                                                       822,509        511,472
     Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                   (950,708)      (199,926)
     Net cash flows from/(used in) financing activities                                             164,128       (664,647)


     Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                       35,929       (353,101)




242 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


45. SHARE OPTION SCHEME

    (a)   Restricted A Share Incentive Schemes
          The Company operated a share incentive scheme (the “Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme”) for the purpose of
          providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations.
          Eligible participants of the Scheme include the Company’s directors, including independent non-executive
          directors, other employees of the Group, suppliers of goods or services to the Group, customers of the Group,
          the Company’s shareholders, and any non-controlling shareholder in the Company’s subsidiaries. The Scheme
          became effective on 1 December 2022 and, will remain no longer than 5 years from that date.

          Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme
          The Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme was approved by the shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”)
          at the 2022 second extraordinary general meeting of the Company, the 2022 second class meeting of A
          shareholders and the 2022 second class meeting of H shareholders convened on 29 November 2022. On 1
          December 2022, relevant resolutions were considered and passed at the Company’s 17th meeting of the 9th
          session of the board of directors and the 5th meeting of the 9th session of the Supervisory Committee, pursuant
          to which the date of grant for the A Share First Grant was set on 1 December 2022.

          On 1 December 2022 (the “Date of Grant”), pursuant to the A Share First Grant of the Restricted A Share
          Incentive Scheme, 2,706,400 A shares of the Company were granted to 138 eligible participants of the Restricted
          A Share Incentive Scheme (the “Share Incentive Participants”) at a grant price of RMB21.29 per share. The Share
          Incentive Participants include executive directors, the members of senior management of the Company, other
          mid-level management personnel, core technicians and other key personnel identified by the Board of Directors
          who have a direct impact on the overall performance and sustainable development of the Group.

          126 out of 138 of the Share Incentive Participants have accepted and subscribed with their own funds under the
          Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme and a total of 2,501,400 Restricted A Shares (the “Restricted Shares”) have
          been issued by the Company to the relevant Share Incentive Participants.

          On 1 September 2023 (the “Date of Grant”), pursuant to the A Share Reserved Grant of the Restricted A Share
          Incentive Scheme, 417,600 A shares of the Company were granted to 94 eligible participants of the Restricted
          A Share Incentive Scheme (the “Share Incentive Participants”) at a grant price of RMB21.29 per share. The Share
          Incentive Participants include the members of senior management of the Company, other mid-level management
          personnel, core technicians and other key personnel identified by the Board of Directors who have a direct impact
          on the overall performance and sustainable development of the Group.

          80 out of 94 of the Share Incentive Participants have accepted and subscribed with their own funds under the
          Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme and a total of 371,600 Restricted A Shares (the “Restricted Shares”) have
          been issued by the Company to the relevant Share Incentive Participants.

          On 27 September 2023, the 35th meeting of the 9th Board of Directors and the 7th meeting of the 9th
          Supervisory Committee of the Company respectively approved the proposal on the repurchase and cancellation
          of locked Restricted A Shares. Due to the occurrence of the repurchase and cancellation circumstances stipulated
          in the incentive plan for 10 first-time granted incentive recipients (such as retirement at the age stipulated by
          the state and the Company or voluntary resignation), the Company agreed to repurchase and cancel a total
          of 129,500 Restricted A Shares that had been granted but not yet unlocked to these incentive recipients. The
          Company applied to reduce its registered capital by RMB129,500. The Company repaid RMB2,769,000 (including
          interest expenses of RMB12,000) to the 10 incentive recipients at a price of RMB21.29 per share in cash, and
          simultaneously reduced its share capital by RMB130,000 and its capital reserve by RMB2,628,000.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   243
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


45. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

     (a)   Restricted A Share Incentive Schemes (Continued)
           On 9 January 2024, the 42nd meeting of the 9th Board of Directors and the first meeting of the 9th Supervisory
           Committee in 2024 of our company respectively approved the proposal regarding the first phase of lifting the
           restrictions on the Restricted A Shares granted under the Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme. A total of 774,114
           Restricted A Shares held by 113 incentive recipients have met the conditions for the first phase of lifting the
           restrictions as stipulated in the plan. It was agreed to lift the restrictions on these Restricted A Shares.

           On 7 August 2024, the 58th meeting of the 9th Board of Directors and the 9th meeting of the 9th Supervisory
           Committee of the Company in 2024 respectively approved the proposal on the repurchase and cancellation of
           some Restricted A Shares that have not been released from restrictions. In accordance with the authorization of
           the shareholders’ meeting and the relevant provisions of this plan, the Company agreed to repurchase and cancel
           a total of 1,072,246 Restricted A Shares, with a total repurchase price of RMB22,831,000 (including interest
           expenses of RMB3,000). After this repurchase and cancellation, Restricted A Shares that have been granted but
           not yet unlocked by the Company amount to 897,140 shares.

           The equity instruments outstanding at the end of the year are as follows:

                                                                                              Restricted A share
                                                                                                            Remaining term
                                                                                       Exercise prices           of contract


           Share Incentive Participants                                                    RMB21.29         less than 1 year


           Equity settled share payments are as follows:

                                                                                                                       2024


           Method for determining the fair value of Incentive                     The market stock price of the company on
             Schemes Restricted A Share granted                                                grant day less the grant price
           Key parameters of fair value of Incentive Schemes                                       Stock price on grant day
             Restricted A Share granted
           The basis for determining the number of feasible           The best estimate of the year-end estimated feasibility
             equity instruments
           Reasons for significant differences between this                                                            None
             year’s estimate and last year’s estimate
           The cumulative amount of equity settled share                                                         11,565,000
             payments included in other reserve

           Total amount of RMB nil share payment expenses was incurred from the above Restricted A Share Incentive
           Schemes for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB9,765,000).




244 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


45. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

    (b) Subsidiaries’ Share Incentive Schemes
         As at 14 April 2018, approved by the second extraordinary general meeting of Henlix, a subsidiary of the
         Company, passed a share incentive scheme and granted 22,750,000 restricted shares to eligible participants at
         a price of RMB9.21 per share. As at 10 December 2020, Henlix granted 2,780,700 restricted shares to eligible
         participants at a price of RMB9.21 per share. As at 7 April 2021, at 13 July 2021, and at 30 November 2021,
         Henlix granted 531,050 restricted shares to eligible participants at a price of RMB9.21 per share. The 531,050
         shares of common stock granted in April, July and November 2021 are from restricted shares that were released
         from embargoes upon departure of share-incentive plan participants in 2018 and 2020. Henlix recognised an
         amount of RMB nil as related expenses for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB2,627,000).

         On 30 November 2021 and 2 December 2021, subsidiary Sisram granted 4,699,550 Restricted Shares to the
         incentive object, and on 4 September 2024, Sisram granted 1,320,300 Restricted Shares to the incentive object.
         80,000 shares, 1,137,009 shares and 1,050,483 shares will be unlocked in 2021, 2022 and 2023 respectively,
         while 250,437 shares, 1,132,269 shares and 1,049,352 shares will be cancelled in 2022, 2023 and 2024
         respectively due to performance failure. The total amortisation expense of Sisram Restricted Shares, a subsidiary
         of the Group, was reversed by RMB5,689,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: Total amortisation
         expense of RMB3,469,000).

         On 11 February 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company reviewed and approved the equity incentive plan
         for Fosun Health’s directors and core management personnel; On 1 June 2022, the 2021 Annual General Meeting
         of the Group passed the Fosun Health Core Backbone Equity Incentive Plan (together with the Directors and Core
         Management Incentive Plan, the “Fosun Health Incentive Plan”). Fosun Health approved the incentive plan in
         2022 and granted 43,590,000 restricted shares (at the grant price of RMB1/share) and 146,919,000 stock options (at
         the exercise price of RMB1/share) to eligible participants for the first time. Fosun Health approved the incentive
         plan in 2023 and granted 2,544,880 restricted shares (at the grant price of RMB1/share) and 64,192,020 stock
         options (at the exercise price of RMB1/share) to eligible participants. In 2024, due to employee departures, 2,460,000
         restricted shares that have been granted but have not vested have been repurchased and 20,107,050 stock
         options that have been granted but have not vested have been cancelled. Fosun Health recognised an amount of
         RMB16,354,000 as related expenses for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB19,223,000).

         As at 1 January 2023 and 31 August 2023, Shanghai Jingshan Biotechnology Co., Ltd, a subsidiary of the
         Company, granted 565,000 and 426,612 share options to the incentive subjects respectively at the exercise
         price of RMB1 per share. The total amount of amortization expense carried back to the Group’s subsidiary
         Shanghai Jinghizi Biotechnology Co., LTD., was RMB51,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: Total
         amortization expense was RMB814,000).

         On 27 August 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company reviewed and approved the first phase of Fosun
         Adgenvax equity Incentive Plan, granted 2,825,366 shares options to incentive subjects in 2024 at an exercise
         price of RMB20.60 per share. Fosun Adgenvax recognised an amount of RMB4,517,000 as related expenses for
         the year ended 31 December 2024.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   245
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


45. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

     (b) Subsidiaries’ Share Incentive Schemes (Continued)
           On 14 September 2023, Jianjia Rehabilitation (Note 1) adopted the equity incentive plan, that is, Jianjia
           Rehabilitation issued a total of RMB75,000,000 of new registered capital to the first-tier shareholding platform
           of Jianjia Rehabilitation Incentive Plan for the phased implementation of equity incentives. On 18 March 2024,
           Jianjia Rehabilitation signed a grant agreement with five incentive subjects to grant to these incentive subjects a
           total of RMB1.0000/share capital corresponding to RMB33,750,000 of Jianjia Rehabilitation’s registered capital
           of the partnership share of the investment platform; In addition, on the same day, a grant agreement was signed
           with 28 incentive objects, and a total of RMB1.0000/registered capital was awarded to these incentive objects
           corresponding to the registered capital of RMB19,695,000 of the option platform partnership shares. On 18
           June 2024, Jianjia Rehabilitation signed a grant agreement with two incentive subjects to grant to these incentive
           subjects a total of RMB1.0001/share capital corresponding to RMB1,250,000 of Jianjia Rehabilitation registered
           capital partnership shares; In addition, on the same day, an agreement was signed with an incentive object
           to grant the option platform partnership share corresponding to RMB975,000 of registered capital of Jianjia
           Rehabilitation to the incentive object at RMB1.0001/share capital; On 22 November 2024, Jianjia Rehabilitation
           entered into a grant agreement with three incentive subjects to grant to these co-investors a partnership share
           of RMB1.0173/share capital corresponding to a total of RMB2,000,000 of Jianjia Rehabilitation’s registered
           capital. Jianjia Rehabilitation recognised an amount of RMB5,938,000 as related expenses for the year ended 31
           December 2024.

          Note 1: At the time of adoption of the share incentive Plan, Health Care Rehabilitation was an associate of the Company. It has been included in
                  the scope of consolidated subsidiaries of the Group since October 2023.


     46. COMMITMENTS

           he Group had the following capital commitments as at 31 December 2024:

                                                                                                                         2024                   2023
                                                                                                                      RMB’000                 RMB’000


           Prepared land lease payments, plant and machinery                                                         1,923,145              2,805,800
           Investments                                                                                               1,407,961              1,476,998


           Total                                                                                                     3,331,106              4,282,798




246 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


47. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

    In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere, the Group had the following transactions with related parties during
    the year:

    (a)   Sales of products and rendering of services
                                                                                                  2024              2023
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


          Sinopharm Group Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries (notes 4 & 7 & 9)                     5,579,573         6,430,014
          Fosun International Limited and its subsidiaries (notes 6 & 7 & 11 & 12)                41,232            23,332
          Suzhou Fund & Tianjin Fund (notes 1 & 7 & 11)                                           28,023            27,491
          Shenzhen Pengfu Biopharmaceutical Industry Private Equity Investment Fund
             Partnership (Limited Partnership) (notes 1 & 7)                                      22,282                  —
          Fosun United Health Insurance Company Ltd (notes 3 & 7 & 22)                            15,876               8,188
          Huaihai Hospital Management Co., Ltd (notes 1 & 7)                                       6,621               2,901
          Shanghai Fosun Public Welfare Foundation (notes 3 & 7)                                   4,803              11,455
          Fosun Kairos (Shanghai) Biological Technology Co., Ltd. (notes 2 & 7 & 23)               3,131               4,959
          Shanghai Lingjian Information Technology Co., Ltd (notes 1 & 7)                            751               4,129
          Intuitive Surgical-Fosun Medical Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (notes 1 & 7)             729               1,295
          Burning Point Biopharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd. (notes 1 & 7)                          79                  —
          Tongde Equity Investment and Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (notes 5 & 7)                  62                  60
          SINNOWA Medical Science & Technology Co., Ltd., (notes 1 & 7 & 20)                           3                  20
          Beijing Jinxiang Fosun Pharmaceutical Joint Stock Co., Ltd. (notes 1 & 7)                   —                2,715
          Jingfukang Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd (notes 3 & 7 & 21)                                 —                2,390
          Shanghai Yaokang Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd. (notes 2 & 7 &18)                      —                1,306
          Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (notes 3 & 7)                                      —                   36


                                                                                               5,703,165         6,520,292




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   247
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


47. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (b) Purchases of products and services
                                                                                               2024     2023
                                                                                            RMB’000   RMB’000


           Sinopharm Group Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries (notes 4 & 7 & 9)                 453,658   362,213
           Fosun International Limited and its subsidiaries (notes 6 & 7 & 11 & 13)          58,876    49,276
           Intuitive Surgical-Fosun Medical Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (notes 1 & 7)    18,994     1,753
           Tongde Equity Investment and Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (notes 5 & 7)         9,927     9,900
           Fosun United Health Insurance Company Ltd (notes 3 & 7 & 22)                       8,466     9,575
           Saladax Biomedical, Inc. (notes 1 & 7)                                             5,347     6,638
           Anhui Sunhere Pharmaceuticals Excipients Co., Ltd., (notes 1 & 7 & 19)             3,859     1,107
           Fosun Kairos (Shanghai) Biological Technology Co., Ltd. (notes 2 & 7 & 23)         1,250     3,332
           Huaihai Hospital Management Co., Ltd (notes 1 & 7)                                 1,012       156
           SINNOWA Medical Science & Technology Co., Ltd., (notes 1 & 7 & 20)                   254       563
           Shanghai Lingjian Information Technology Co., Ltd (notes 1 & 7)                       63        33
           Beijing Jinxiang Fosun Pharmaceutical Joint Stock Co., Ltd. (notes 1 & 7)             34        30


                                                                                            561,740   444,576


     (c)   Leasing and property management services
           As lessor
                                                                                               2024     2023
                                                                                            RMB’000   RMB’000


           Suzhou Fund & Tianjin Fund (notes 1 & 8 & 11)                                      9,962    14,497
           Fosun Kairos (Shanghai) Biological Technology Co., Ltd. (notes 2 & 8 & 23)         3,927     8,441
           Fosun International Limited and its subsidiaries (notes 6 & 8 & 11 & 14)           1,622       981
           Tongde Equity Investment and Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (notes 5 & 8)           902       970
           Intuitive Surgical-Fosun Medical Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (notes 1 & 8)       238       256


           Total                                                                             16,651    25,145


           As lessee
                                                                                               2024     2023
                                                                                            RMB’000   RMB’000


           Fosun International Limited and its subsidiaries (notes 6 & 8 & 11 & 15)          19,554    26,058




248 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


47. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (c)   Leasing and property management services (Continued)
          Management services
                                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


          Subsidiaries of Fosun International Limited (notes 6 & 8 & 11 & 17)                   25,168              25,790


    (d) Loans from/to related parties
          Maximum daily outstanding balance of deposits in Fosun Finance
          The Company entered into a financial service agreement with Fosun Finance, pursuant to which Fosun Finance
          shall provide financial services to the Company and its subsidiaries, including deposit service, credit service,
          settlement service and other financial services as approved by the China Banking Regulatory Commission for the
          period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025. The maximum daily outstanding balance of deposits placed
          by the Group with Fosun Finance is RMB2,000,000,000. The maximum daily outstanding balance of the loans
          granted by Fosun Finance to the Group is RMB2,000,000,000.

          Deposits in Fosun Finance                                                              2024             2023
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


          Fosun Finance (notes 6 & 10 & 11)                                                  1,813,592         1,890,321



          Loans from Fosun Finance                                                               2024             2023
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


          Fosun Finance (notes 6 & 10 & 11)                                                    127,270           140,847



          Others from/to Fosun Finance                                                           2024             2023
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


          Other receivables
          Fosun Finance (notes 6 & 10 & 11)                                                     12,010              19,248


          Accrued interest expenses
          Fosun Finance (notes 6 & 10 & 11)                                                        157                181




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   249
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


47. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (d) Loans from/to related parties (Continued)
           Loans from Shanghai Fosun High Tech (Group) Co., Ltd.
           Shanghai Fosun High Tech (Group) Co., Ltd. provided a short-term loan of RMB38,652,000 to Shanghai
           Fuyun Health Technology Co., Ltd. The annual interest rate is 5.80%. The total principal amount of the loan is
           RMB35,009,000. As at 31 December 2024, the loan interest payable is RMB3,643,000.

                                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000


           Shanghai Fosun High Tech (Group) Co., Ltd. (note 6)                                          38,652              34,924


     (e)   Interest income from/interest expense to related parties


           Interest income                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000


           Fosun Finance (notes 6 & 10 & 11)                                                            32,357              15,459
           Fosun Kairos (Shanghai) Biological Technology Co., Ltd. (notes 2 & 23)                        5,196               7,614


                                                                                                        37,553              23,073


           During the year, the interest rate for deposits, loans, and discount will be calculated according to the agreement
           terms, reference benchmark interest rates, and market interest rate levels. The interest rate of demand deposits is 0.35%
           (December 31, 2023: 0.35%), the interest rate of seven-day call deposits is 1.485%–1.55% (December 31, 2023:
           1.485%–1.755%), the interest rate of agreed deposits is 1.15%–1.35% (December 31, 2023: 1.15%–1.35%),
           and the interest rate of time deposits is 1.55%–2.25% (December 31, 2023: 1.55%–2.1%). There were no
           discounting transactions in 2024. During the year, Fosun Finance provided short-term loans of RMB127,270,000
           to the company at an interest rate of 2.50%–4.50%.

           Interest expense                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000


           Fosun Finance (notes 6 & 10 & 11)                                                              6,096              6,462
           Shanghai Fosun High Tech (Group) Co., Ltd. (note 6)                                            1,995              1,482


                                                                                                          8,091              7,944




250 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


47. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (f)   Commitments with related parties
          As lessor
          As at 31 December 2024, the Group had total future minimum lease receivables under non-cancellable operating
          leases with its related parties falling due as follows:

                                                                                                                            2024                 2023
                                                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000


          Suzhou Fund & Tianjin Fund (note 1 & 11)                                                                          7,746                19,114


          Notes:

          (1)      They are associates of the Group.

          (2)      They are joint ventures of the Group.

          (3)      They are other related companies of the Group.

          (4)      They are the subsidiaries of the Group’s associates.

          (5)      They are the subsidiaries of the Group’s joint ventures.

          (6)      They are the subsidiaries of Fosun International Limited, the holding company of the Company.

          (7)      The sales and purchases were undertaken on commercial terms similar to those offered to/by unrelated customers/suppliers in the ordinary
                   course of business of the relevant companies.

          (8)      The fees for the leasing and property management services received from or paid to these related companies were determined based on
                   prices available to third party customers of these related companies.

          (9)      Sinopharm Group Co., Ltd. is a major subsidiary of Sinopharm Investment, an associate of the Group.

          (10)     Fosun Finance is a subsidiary of Fosun High Tech, the holding company of the Company.

          (11)     The related party transactions also constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A
                   of the Listing Rules. The Group confirmed that it has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the
                   Listing Rules in respect of these transactions.




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024        251
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


47. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (f)   Commitments with related parties (Continued)
           As lessor (Continued)

           Notes: (Continued)

           (12)   During the year of 2024, the Group offered Fosun International Limited and its subsidiaries with products and other services at market
                  prices. Fosun International Limited and its subsidiaries include Shanghai Fosun High Technology (Group) Co., Ltd., Hainan Fosun
                  International Business Travel Co., Ltd., Hainan Fuxing Trading Co., Ltd., Shanghai Golte Property Management Co., Ltd., Beijing Golte
                  Property Management Co., Ltd., Shanghai Yunji Information Technology Co., Ltd., Shanghai Fosun Industry and Technology Development
                  Co., Ltd., Shanghai Fuxing Tourism Management Co., Ltd., Shanghai Fosun Venture Capital Management Co., Ltd., Shanghai Xingfu
                  Enterprise Management Consulting Co., Ltd., Shanghai Fosun Bund Property Co., Ltd., Shanghai Xingpian Management Consulting Co.,
                  Ltd., Shanghai Fosun High Technology Group Finance Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Fuyi Cosmetics Co., Ltd., Kuyi International Travel Service (Shanghai)
                  Co., Ltd., Shanghai Fosun Industrial Investment Co., Ltd. Beijing Information Consulting Branch, Shanghai Meituo Culture Development
                  Co., Ltd., Shanghai Xingpian Management Consulting Co., Ltd., Shanghai Fosun Huanyu International Trade Co., Ltd., Shanghai Zhiqia
                  Information Technology Service Co., Ltd., Shanghai Zhuqun Information Technology Co., Ltd., Hainan Fosun International Logistics Co.,
                  Ltd., Shanghai Fosun Starhub Business Consulting Co., Ltd., Shanghai Starlight Human Resources Management Co., Ltd., Xintai cloud chain (Shanghai)
                  information Technology Development Co., Ltd., Starheng Insurance Agency Co., Ltd., Shanghai Zilamai Trading Co., Ltd., Great China
                  Finance Leasing Co.,Ltd., Shanghai Yuyuan Jewelry & Fashion Group Co., Ltd., Shanghai Starcastle Senior Living Services Limited, Shanghai
                  Forte Land Industrial Development Group Co., Ltd., Xizang Fosun Investment Management Co.,Ltd., Ltd., Shanghai Fuheng Insurance
                  Brokerage Co., Ltd., Shanghai Xingpu Cloud Technology Co., Ltd., Beijing Fuyunstart Technology Co., Ltd., Wuhan Fosun Trading Co.,
                  Ltd., Shenzhen Zhuqun Information Technology Co., Ltd., Shanghai Star Consortium Technology Co., Ltd., Shanghai Starscape Equity
                  Investment Management Co., Ltd., Shanghai Starhub Network Technology Co., Ltd., Shanghai Fuyuan Construction Supervision Co.,
                  Ltd., Shanghai Fuyisi Enterprise Management Consulting Co., Ltd., Shanghai Fosun Railway Investment Co., Ltd., Northern Fosun Trading
                  (Liaoning) Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Qianhai Fosun Ruize Asset Management Co., Ltd., Fosun Creation Wealth (Shenzhen) Private Equity Fund
                  Management Partnership (Limited Partnership), Hefei Forte Furun Real Estate Investment Co., Ltd., Shanghai Starhealth Chain Healthcare
                  Technology Co., Ltd. and Shanghai Fanyou Information Technology Co., Ltd.

           (13)   During the year of 2024, the Group received services and purchased products from Fosun International Limited and the subsidiaries of
                  Fosun International Limited at market prices. The subsidiaries of Fosun International Limited include Hainan Fosun Trading Co., Ltd., Hainan
                  Fosun International Business Travel Co., Ltd., Shanghai Yunji Information Technology Co., Ltd., Shanghai Fosun High Tech (Group) Co.,
                  Ltd., Hainan Fuxing International Business Travel Co., Ltd., Stater Cloud (Hangzhou) Supply Chain Management Company Ltd., Zhejiang
                  Fuyi Cosmetics Co., Ltd., Shanghai Yilian Enterprise Management Co., Ltd., Shanghai Star service Enterprise Management Consulting Co.,
                  Ltd., Shanghai Fosun Venture Capital Management Co., Ltd., Ltd., Fosun International Limited, Kuyi International Travel Service (Shanghai)
                  Co., Ltd., Shanghai Zhuqun Information Technology Co., Ltd., Shanghai Fosun Xinghui Business Consulting Co., Ltd., Shanghai Fosun
                  Global International Trading Co., Ltd., Shanghai Starlight Human Resources Management Co., Ltd., Hainan Fosun International Logistics
                  Co., Ltd., Shanghai Zhiqia Information Technology Service Co., Ltd., Shanghai Zilemei Trading Co., Ltd., Beijing Fuyunstart Technology Co.,
                  Ltd., Shanghai Fosun Industrial Investment Co., Ltd., Shanghai Xingkuang Commercial Management Co., Ltd., Shanghai Xingji Information
                  Technology Co., Ltd., Shanghai Xingpu Cloud Technology Co., Ltd., Shanghai Starcastle Senior Care Investment Management Co., Ltd.,
                  Shanghai Star Consortium Technology Co., Ltd., Shanghai Fuyisi Enterprise Management Consulting Co., Ltd., Suzhou Starhealth Senior
                  Care Service Co., Ltd. and Ningbo Starhealth Senior Care Service Co., Ltd.

           (14)   During the year of 2024, the Group leased out the office buildings to Fosun International Limited and its subsidiaries. Fosun International
                  Limited and its subsidiaries include Shanghai Fosun High Tech (Group) Co., Ltd. and Shanghai Fosun Industry and Technology Development
                  Co., Ltd.

           (15)   During the year of 2024, the Group leased from the office buildings to Fosun International Limited and its subsidiaries. Fosun International
                  Limited and its subsidiaries include Shanghai Fosun High Tech (Group) Co., Ltd., Shanghai New Shihua Investment Management Co., Ltd.,
                  Shanghai Fosun Bund Property Co., Ltd., and Chengdu Forte Land Co., Ltd.

           (16)   During this period, the Group received management services from subsidiaries of Fosun International Limited. The subsidiaries of Fosun
                  International Limited include Shanghai Golte Property Management Co., Ltd and Beijing Golte Property Management Co., Ltd.

           (17)   Fosun International Limited is the ultimate holding company of the Group.

           (18)   Shanghai Yaokang Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd. was a joint venture of the Group before October 2023 and was included in the
                  scope of consolidation from October 2023




252 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


47. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

    (f)   Commitments with related parties (Continued)
          As lessor (Continued)

          Notes: (Continued)

          (19)    Anhui Sunhere Pharmaceuticals Excipients Co., Ltd. ceased to be an associate of the Group from May 2024, having previously been
                  classified as an associate.

          (20)    SINNOWA Medical Science & Technology Co., Ltd. ceased to be an associate of the Group from June 2024, having previously been an
                  associate of the Group.

          (21)    Jingfukang Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. ceased to be a related part of the Group from November 2023.

          (22)    Fosun United Health Insurance Co., Ltd. has been classified as an associate of the Group since April 2024, having previously been
                  categorized as a related party of the Group.

          (23)    Fosun Kairos (Shanghai) Biological Technology Co., Ltd. was a joint venture of the Group before October 2024 and was included in the
                  scope of consolidation from October 2024.


    (g) Outstanding balances with related parties
          Details of the outstanding balances with related parties are set out in notes 24, 26, 28, 32, 33 and 36 to the
          financial statements.

          For the year ended 31 December 2024, Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital transferred prepayment of RMB
          967,560,000 related to Foshan Chanxi to fixed assets and intangible assets, as part of the customized
          construction of women and children's medical centers and nursing homes reached to the usable condition. And
          during 2024, new prepayments related to customized construction of women and children’s medical centers and
          nursing homes is amounted to RMB147,643,000.

    (h) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group
                                                                                                                      2024                  2023
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000


          Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                                   40,877                 43,254
          Performance-related bonuses                                                                                 28,297                 55,700
          Pension scheme contributions                                                                                 1,372                  1,421


          Total                                                                                                       70,546               100,375


          Further details of directors’, supervisors’ and the chief executive’s emoluments are included in note 10 to the
          financial statements.




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024       253
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


47. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (i)   Donations
                                                                                                2024              2023
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000


           Shanghai Fosun Foundation                                                            74,568            37,828
           GX Foundation Company Limited                                                         5,000             5,000


           Total                                                                                79,568            42,828


           For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group donated RMB74,568,000 (2023: RMB37,828,000) to social
           welfare projects through Shanghai Fosun Foundation and RMB5,000,000 (2023: RMB5,000,000) to social welfare
           projects through GX Foundation Company Limited.

48. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

     As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group did not have any contingent liabilities.

49. PLEDGE OF ASSETS

     Details of the Group’s interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, which are secured by the assets of the Group, are
     included in note 34 to the financial statements.




254 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


50. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

    The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as
    follows:

    As at 31 December 2024
                                                            Financial assets at      Financial assets at fair
                                                            fair value through        value through other
                                                                  profit or loss     comprehensive income
                                                                                                                               Financial
                                                                  Mandatorily             Debt              Equity             assets at
    Financial assets                                        designated as such     investments        investments         amortised cost        Total
                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000               RMB’000        RMB’000


    Equity investments designated at fair value
       through other comprehensive income                                  —                 —               16,434                      —       16,434
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           3,753,126                —                   —                       —    3,753,126
    Debt investments at fair value through other
       comprehensive income                                                —           612,973                   —                    —         612,973
    Trade and bills receivables                                            —                —                    —             8,024,433      8,024,433
    Financial assets included in prepayments,
       other receivables and other assets                                  —                 —                   —               666,863        666,863
    Trade receivables-non-current                                          —                 —                   —               199,436        199,436
    Other non-current assets                                               —                 —                   —                90,527         90,527
    Cash and bank balances                                                 —                 —                   —            13,523,933     13,523,933


    Total                                                           3,753,126          612,973               16,434           22,505,192     26,887,725


                                                                                         Financial liabilities
                                                                                               at fair value
                                                                                                    through
                                                                                              profit or loss
                                                                                              Designated as                Financial
                                                                                                  such up on            liabilities at
    Financial liabilities                                                                initial recognition          amortised cost            Total
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000            RMB’000


    Trade and bills payables                                                                              —                5,997,385          5,997,385
    Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                         —                4,509,341          4,509,341
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                            —               33,063,640         33,063,640
    Lease liabilities                                                                                     —                2,882,949          2,882,949
    Financial liabilities included in other long-term liabilities                                  1,963,950                 551,020          2,514,970


    Total                                                                                          1,963,950              47,004,335         48,968,285




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   255
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


50. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)

     The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as
     follows: (Continued)

     As at 31 December 2023
                                                                 Financial assets at       Financial assets at fair
                                                                 fair value through         value through other
                                                                       profit or loss     comprehensive income
                                                                                                                                       Financial
                                                                       Mandatorily             Debt                   Equity           assets at
     Financial assets                                            designated as such     investments             investments       amortised cost          Total
                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000                 RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000


     Equity investments designated at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                                    —                —                    52,774                 —           52,774
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               2,928,610               —                        —                  —        2,928,610
     Debt investments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                                      —        642,569                        —                 —           642,569
     Trade and bills receivables                                                  —             —                         —          7,668,229        7,668,229
     Financial assets included in prepayments,
        other receivables and other assets                                        —              —                        —            665,145          665,145
     Trade receivables-non-current                                                —              —                        —             85,323           85,323
     Other non-current assets                                                     —              —                        —            196,743          196,743
     Cash and bank balances                                                       —              —                        —         13,693,591       13,693,591


     Total                                                               2,928,610         642,569                    52,774        22,309,031       25,932,984


                                                                                                      Financial
                                                                                             liabilities at fair
                                                                                               value through
                                                                                                profit or loss
                                                                                                   Designated
                                                                                                    as such up                  Financial
                                                                                                      on initial            liabilities at
     Financial liabilities                                                                         recognition            amortised cost                Total
                                                                                                     RMB’000                   RMB’000               RMB’000


     Trade and bills payables                                                                                —                  6,159,619           6,159,619
     Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                           —                  4,327,869           4,327,869
     Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                              —                 32,573,741          32,573,741
     Lease liabilities                                                                                       —                  2,379,114           2,379,114
     Financial liabilities included in other long-term liabilities                                    2,479,775                   484,578           2,964,353


     Total                                                                                            2,479,775                45,924,921          48,404,696


     *       The amounts include the share redemption options granted to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries amounting to RMB1,427,655,000 (2023:
             RMB1,601,368,000), with non-current portion of RMB1,427,655,000 (2023: RMB1,601,368,000), of which fair value change is recognised in
             reserves due to the nature of equity transaction with non-controlling shareholders of the subsidiaries of the Group.




256 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


50. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)

    As at 31 December 2024, the Group endorsed certain bank acceptance bills in the PRC (the “Endorsed Bills”) to certain
    of its suppliers in order to settle the trade payables due to such suppliers with a carrying amount in aggregate of
    RMB635,475,000 (2023: RMB342,267,000). In addition, the Group discounted certain bank acceptance bills in the PRC
    included in debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (the “Discounted Bills”) to certain banks
    to finance its operating cash flows with a carrying amount in aggregate of RMB319,519,000 (2023: RMB998,620,000).
    The Endorsed Bills and the Discounted Bills had a maturity from one to twelve months at the end of the reporting
    period. In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and relevant discounting arrangement
    with certain banks, the holders of the Endorsed Bills and the Discounted Bills have a right of recourse against the
    Group if the accepting banks default (the “Continuing Involvement”). In the opinion of the directors, the Group has
    transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to the Endorsed bills and the Discounted Bills. Accordingly, it has
    derecognised the full carrying amounts of the Endorsed Bills and the Discounted Bills. The maximum exposure to loss
    from the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Endorsed Bills and the Discounted Bills and the undiscounted cash
    flows to repurchase these Endorsed Bills and Discounted Bills is equal to their carrying amounts. In the opinion of the
    directors, the fair values of the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Endorsed Bills and the Discounted Bills are not
    significant.

    During the reporting period, the Group recognized a discount expense of RMB1,248,000 (2023: RMB5,080,000)
    at its transfer date. No gains or losses were recognised from the continuing involvement, both during the year or
    cumulatively. The endorsement and the discount have been made evenly throughout the reporting period.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   257
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


51. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying amounts that
     reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

                                                             Carrying amounts                          Fair values
                                                               2024              2023                2024               2023
                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000


     Financial assets:
     Equity investments designated at fair value
        through other comprehensive income                     16,434             52,774            16,434             52,774
     Debt investments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                           612,973            642,569            612,973            642,569
     Financial assets at fair value through
        profit or loss                                     3,753,126          2,928,610          3,753,126           2,928,610
     Trade receivables-non-current                           199,436             85,323            206,203              86,341


     Total                                                 4,581,969          3,709,276          4,588,736           3,710,294


     Financial liabilities:
     Non-current portion of interest-bearing bank
        borrowings                                        10,203,500         13,504,923         10,435,988         13,806,197
     Interest-bearing other borrowings                       240,000            499,908            249,887            497,804
     Financial liabilities included in
        other long-term liabilities                        2,532,650          2,964,353          2,532,650           2,964,353


     Total                                                12,976,150         16,969,184         13,218,525         17,268,354


     Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and bank balances, trade and bills receivables, trade and bills
     payables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, financial assets included in other
     non-current assets and financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals approximate to their carrying amounts
     largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments or the interest rate is approximate to the discount rate of
     current market.

     The Group’s finance department headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining the policies and
     procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance manager reports directly to the chief
     financial officer and the audit committee. At each reporting date, the finance department analyses the movements in
     the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed
     and approved by the chief financial officer.




258 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


51. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

    The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be
    exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following
    methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

    The fair values of the non-current portion of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings have been calculated by
    discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit
    risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-performance risk for the
    non-current portion of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings as at 31 December 2024 was assessed to be
    insignificant.

    The fair values of listed corporate bond issued by the Company and equity investments without a lock-up period are
    based on quoted market prices. The fair values of listed equity investments with a lock-up period have been estimated
    based on assumptions that are supported by observable market prices and discount for lack of marketability. The
    directors believe that the estimated fair values resulting from the valuation technique, which are recorded in the
    consolidated statement of financial position, and the related changes in fair values, which are recorded in other
    comprehensive income or profit or loss, are reasonable, and that they were the most appropriate values at the end of
    the reporting period.

    Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments as at 31 December
    2024:

    Unobservable inputs for Level 3 assets
    The financial assets measured at fair value held by the Group which were classified in Level 3 primarily correspond to
    unlisted equity investments not quoted in an active market.

    For the fair value of the unlisted equity investments is based on valuation techniques for which the input that is
    significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable. For certain unlisted equity investments, the Group adopts
    quotation from counterparties’ quotations or valuation techniques to determine the fair value. Valuation techniques
    include a discounted cash flow analysis, the market comparison approach, etc. The fair value measurement of these
    financial instruments may involve unobservable inputs such as liquidity discount. Fair value change resulting from
    changes in the unobservable inputs was not significant. The Finance Department periodically reviews all significant
    unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments used to measure the fair values of financial instruments in Level 3.

    Unobservable inputs for Level 3 liabilities
    Significant unobservable valuation input for the share redemption option granted to non-controlling shareholders
    of subsidiaries included in other long-term liabilities of RMB1,427,655,000 (31 December 2023: RMB1,601,368,000
    included in other long-term liabilities) is the progress of research and development activities or net profit of the
    subsidiaries.

    Included in other non-current liabilities are other financial liabilities of RMB536,295,000 (2023: RMB878,407,000).
    Significant unobservable valuation input is value of net assets of subsidiaries.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   259
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


51. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     Fair value hierarchy
     The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:

     Assets measured at fair value:
     As at 31 December 2024

                                                                         Fair value measurement using
                                                      Quoted prices         Significant       Significant
                                                          in active         observable      unobservable
                                                           markets              inputs            inputs
                                                          (Level 1)           (Level 2)         (Level 3)           Total
                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


     Financial assets at fair value through
        profit or loss (note 29)                           1,295,910             46,349          2,410,867        3,753,126
     Equity investments designated
        at fair value through other comprehensive
        income (note 21)                                      16,434                  —                   —         16,434
     Debt investments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                                 —            612,973                   —        612,973


     Total                                                 1,312,344            659,322          2,410,867        4,382,533


     As at 31 December 2023

                                                                           Fair value measurement using
                                                        Quoted prices         Significant       Significant
                                                             in active        observable      unobservable
                                                             markets              inputs            inputs
                                                             (Level 1)          (Level 2)         (Level 3)           Total
                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


     Financial assets at fair value through
        profit or loss (note 29)                           1,192,643             98,723          1,637,244        2,928,610
     Equity investments designated at fair value
        through other comprehensive
        income (note 21)                                      52,774                  —                   —         52,774
     Debt investments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                                 —            642,569                   —        642,569


     Total                                                 1,245,417            741,292          1,637,244        3,623,953




260 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


51. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

    Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
    Assets measured at fair value: (Continued)
    The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the year are as follows:

                                                                                            Financial assets     Financial assets
                                                                                                at fair value        at fair value
                                                                                                    through              through
                                                                                               profit or loss       profit or loss
                                                                                                         2024                2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000


    As at 1 January                                                                              1,637,244            2,053,017
    Transferred in                                                                                 741,301              384,180
    Transferred out                                                                                     —              (937,911)
    Total (losses)/gains recognised in the statement of profit or loss included
      in other gains                                                                              (139,063)              92,710
    Total gains recognised in other comprehensive income                                             7,097               18,781
    Addition                                                                                       184,675              198,764
    Settlement                                                                                     (20,387)            (172,297)


    As at 31 December                                                                            2,410,867            1,637,244


    During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 (2023:
    RMB748,706,000). During the year, there were no transfers into or out of level 3 for financial assets (2023: Nil).During
    the year, there `were no transfers of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss between Level 3 to Level 2 (2023:
    RMB937,911,000).




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024     261
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


51. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
     Liabilities measured at fair value:
     As at 31 December 2024

                                                                          Fair value measurement using
                                                        Quoted prices       Significant       Significant
                                                            in active       observable      unobservable
                                                             markets            inputs            inputs
                                                            (Level 1)         (Level 2)         (Level 3)         Total
                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000


     Amounts included in other long-term liabilities                —                 —        1,963,950       1,963,950


     As at 31 December 2023

                                                                           Fair value measurement using
                                                         Quoted prices        Significant      Significant
                                                              in active       observable     unobservable
                                                              markets             inputs           inputs
                                                              (Level 1)         (Level 2)        (Level 3)         Total
                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


     Amounts included in other long-term liabilities                —                 —        2,479,775       2,479,775


     During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into
     or out of level 3 for financial liabilities (2023: Nil).

     The movements in fair value measurements in Level 3 during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                   2024           2023
                                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


     Amounts included in other long-term liabilities:

     At 1 January                                                                              2,479,775       2,182,394
     Total losses/(gains) recognised in other expenses/gains                                      40,305          (47,204)
     Total (gains)/losses recognised in other reserve                                           (174,082)          50,385
     Addition                                                                                    204,400         294,200
     Settlement                                                                                 (586,448)              —


     At 31 December                                                                            1,963,950       2,479,775




262 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


51. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

    Liabilities measured at fair value: (Continued)
    Assets for which fair values are disclosed:
    As at 31 December 2024

                                                                    Fair value measurement using
                                                  Quoted prices       Significant       Significant
                                                      in active       observable      unobservable
                                                       markets            inputs            inputs
                                                      (Level 1)         (Level 2)         (Level 3)         Total
                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000


    Trade receivables-non-current                             —           206,203                   —      206,203


    As at 31 December 2023

                                                                     Fair value measurement using
                                                   Quoted prices        Significant      Significant
                                                        in active       observable     unobservable
                                                        markets             inputs           inputs
                                                        (Level 1)         (Level 2)        (Level 3)          Total
                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


    Trade receivables-non-current                             —            86,341                   —           86,341




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   263
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


51. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     Liabilities measured at fair value: (Continued)
     Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed:
     As at 31 December 2024

                                                                          Fair value measurement using
                                                        Quoted prices       Significant       Significant
                                                            in active       observable      unobservable
                                                             markets            inputs            inputs
                                                            (Level 1)         (Level 2)         (Level 3)        Total
                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000


     Non-current portion of interest-bearing bank
        borrowings                                                  —        10,435,988                   —   10,435,988
     Interest-bearing other borrowings                              —           249,887                   —      249,887
     Amounts included in other long-term liabilities                —           551,020                   —      551,020


     Total                                                          —        11,236,895                   —   11,236,895


     As at 31 December 2023

                                                                           Fair value measurement using
                                                         Quoted prices        Significant      Significant
                                                              in active       observable     unobservable
                                                              markets             inputs           inputs
                                                              (Level 1)         (Level 2)        (Level 3)         Total
                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


     Non-current portion of interest-bearing bank
        borrowings                                                  —        13,806,197                   —   13,806,197
     Interest-bearing other borrowings                              —           497,804                   —      497,804
     Amounts included in other long-term liabilities                —           484,578                   —      484,578


     Total                                                          —        14,788,579                   —   14,788,579




264 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


52. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

    The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and cash and bank
    balances. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has
    various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade and bills receivables and trade and bills payables, which arise
    directly from its operations.

    The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk,
    liquidity risk and equity price risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks
    and they are summarised below.

    (a)   Interest rate risk
          The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s long term
          debt obligations with floating interest rates.

          The Group’s policy is to manage its interest cost using a mix of fixed and floating rate debts.

          As at 31 December 2024, the total interest-bearing bank borrowings of RMB13,331,488,000 (31 December
          2023: RMB15,215,190,000) of the Group were with floating interest rates denominated in RMB, USD or EUR.

          The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates, with all other
          variables held constant, of the Group’s profit after tax through the impact on floating rate borrowings.

          Increase/(decrease) in the Group’s profit after tax
                                                                                                                     Increase/
                                                                                                  Increase/         (decrease)
                                                                                                 (decrease)           in profit
                                                                                                    in basis          after tax
                                                                                                         %            RMB’000


          2024
          RMB                                                                                                1         (56,385)
          USD                                                                                                1         (10,014)
          EUR                                                                                                1         (20,416)
          RMB                                                                                               (1)         56,385
          USD                                                                                               (1)         10,014
          EUR                                                                                               (1)         20,416


          2023
          RMB                                                                                                1         (67,273)
          USD                                                                                                1         (31,003)
          EUR                                                                                                1         (15,838)
          RMB                                                                                               (1)         67,273
          USD                                                                                               (1)         31,003
          EUR                                                                                               (1)         15,838




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   265
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


52. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (b) Foreign currency risk
           The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from sales or purchases by operating units
           and investing and financing activities by investment holding units in currencies other than the units’ functional
           currencies.

           The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably possible
           change in the USD, EUR and HKD exchange rates, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit
           after tax arising from USD, EUR and HKD denominated financial instruments.

                                                                                               Increase/         Increase/
                                                                                              (decrease)        (decrease)
                                                                                              in foreign          in profit
                                                                                           currency rate          after tax
                                                                                                      %           RMB’000


           2024
           If RMB weakens against USD                                                                   5            12,390
           If RMB strengthens against USD                                                              (5)          (12,390)
           If RMB weakens against EUR                                                                   5           (77,219)
           If RMB strengthens against EUR                                                              (5)           77,219
           If RMB weakens against HKD                                                                   5            21,230
           If RMB strengthens against HKD                                                              (5)          (21,230)


           2023
           If RMB weakens against USD                                                                   5            12,354
           If RMB strengthens against USD                                                              (5)          (12,354)
           If RMB weakens against EUR                                                                   5           (53,094)
           If RMB strengthens against EUR                                                              (5)           53,094
           If RMB weakens against HKD                                                                   5            32,196
           If RMB strengthens against HKD                                                              (5)          (32,196)




266 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


52. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

    (c)   Credit risk
          The Group trades only with related companies and recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s
          policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In
          addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group’s exposure to bad debts is not
          significant.

          The credit risk of the Group’s other financial assets, which comprise cash and bank balances, and deposits and
          other receivables, arises from the default of the counterparties, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying
          amounts of these instruments.

          Maximum exposure and year-end staging
          The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit
          policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or
          effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December. The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts
          for financial assets and the exposure to credit risk for the financial guarantee contracts.

          As at 31 December 2024
                                                       12-month
                                                           ECLs                 Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                Simplified
                                                         Stage 1      Stage 2      Stage 3       approach          Total
                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000


          Trade and bills receivables*                      —               —            —      8,335,080       8,335,080
          Debt investments at fair value through
             other comprehensive income*               612,973              —            —              —         612,973
          Financial assets included in prepayments,
             other receivables and other assets —
             Normal**                                  692,090              —            —              —         692,090
          Trade receivables-non-current                206,203              —            —              —         206,203
          Other non-current assets                      90,527              —            —              —          90,527
          Cash and bank balances — Not yet past due 13,523,933              —            —              —      13,523,933


          Total                                       15,125,726            —            —      8,335,080      23,460,806




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   267
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


52. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (c)   Credit risk (Continued)
           As at 31 December 2023

                                                                       12-month
                                                                           ECLs                          Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                              Simplified
                                                                         Stage 1           Stage 2          Stage 3           approach                 Total
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000               RMB’000


           Trade and bills receivables*                      —                                     —                 —       7,937,425             7,937,425
           Debt investments at fair value through
              other comprehensive income*               642,569                                    —                 —                  —            642,569
           Financial assets included in prepayments,
              other receivables and other assets —
              Normal**                                  707,320                                    —                 —                  —           707,320
           Trade receivables-non-current                 90,435                                    —                 —                  —            90,435
           Other non-current assets                     196,743                                    —                 —                  —           196,743
           Cash and bank balances — Not yet past due 13,693,591                                    —                 —                  —        13,693,591


           Total                                                     15,330,658                    —                 —       7,937,425           23,268,083


           *       For trade and bills receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the provision
                   matrix is disclosed in note 26 to the financial statements, respectively.

           **      The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered to be “normal” when
                   they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial
                   recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.


           Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables are
           disclosed in note 26 to the financial statements.

           Since the Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties, there is no requirement for collateral.
           Concentrations of credit risk are managed by customer/counterparty, by geographical region and by industry
           sector. There are no significant concentrations of credit risk within the Group as the customer bases of the
           Group’s trade receivables are widely dispersed in different sectors and industries.




268 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


52. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

    (d) Liquidity risk
         The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of
         bank loans and other interest-bearing borrowings. As at 31 December 2024, 69% (31 December 2023: 53%) of
         the Group’s borrowings would mature in less than one year based on the carrying values of the borrowings.

         The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
         contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

                                                      On        Less than          1 to 5        Over
                                                 demand            1 year          years       5 years          Total
         2024                                    RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000


         Interest-bearing bank and
            other borrowings                            —      22,620,140     10,983,259       181,858      33,785,257
         Lease liabilities                              —         340,981      2,069,511       736,032       3,146,524
         Trade and bills payables                       —       5,997,385             —             —        5,997,385
         Financial liabilities included in
            other payables and accruals         4,453,533         934,340               —            —       5,387,873
         Financial liabilities included in
            other long-term liabilities                 —               —       2,628,536            —       2,628,536


         Total                                  4,453,533      29,892,846     15,681,306       917,890      50,945,575


                                                      On         Less than         1 to 5         Over
                                                  demand            1 year          years       5 years          Total
         2023                                    RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


         Interest-bearing bank and
            other borrowings                            —      20,290,571     13,825,155     1,128,123      35,243,849
         Lease liabilities                              —         329,524      1,146,574     1,022,455       2,498,553
         Trade and bills payables                       —       6,159,619             —             —        6,159,619
         Financial liabilities included in
            other payables and accruals         4,210,861         118,749               —            —       4,329,610
         Financial liabilities included in
            other long-term liabilities                 —               —       2,955,694      162,865       3,118,559


         Total                                  4,210,861      26,898,463     17,927,423     2,313,443      51,350,190




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   269
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


52. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (e)   Equity price risk
           Equity price risk is the risk that the fair values of equity securities decrease as a result of changes in the levels
           of equity indices and the value of individual securities. The Group is exposed to equity price risk arising from
           individual equity investments included in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (note 29) and equity
           investments at fair value through other comprehensive Income (note 21) as at 31 December 2024. The Group’s
           listed investments are listed on the stock exchanges in Shanghai, Shenzhen, Hong Kong, New York, NASDAQ and
           Korea which are valued at quoted market prices or using valuation techniques at the end of the reporting period.

           The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in the fair values of the equity
           investments, with all other variables held constant and after any impact on tax, based on their carrying amounts
           at the end of the reporting period. For the purposes of this analysis, for the equity investments at fair value
           through other comprehensive income, the impact is deemed to be on the fair value reserve revaluation reserve,
           respectively.

                                                                               Carrying
                                                                                 amount
                                                          Change in            of equity     Change in              Change in
                                                        equity prices       investments profit after tax               equity*
                                                                   %            RMB’000        RMB’000               RMB’000


           2024
           Equity Investments
           Financial assets at fair value through
              profit or loss                                        10         1,322,260            110,538                  —
           Financial assets at fair value through
              profit or loss                                       (10)        1,322,260           (110,538)                 —

           Financial assets at fair value through
              other comprehensive income                            10            16,434                  —              1,397
           Financial assets at fair value through
              other comprehensive income                           (10)           16,434                  —              (1,397)


           2023
           Equity Investments
           Financial assets at fair value through
              profit or loss                                        10         1,291,366            113,344                  —
           Financial assets at fair value through
              profit or loss                                       (10)        1,291,366           (113,344)                 —

           Financial assets at fair value through
              other comprehensive income                            10            52,774                  —              4,370
           Financial assets at fair value through
              other comprehensive income                           (10)           52,774                  —              (4,370)

           *     Excluding retained profits




270 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


52. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

    (f)   Capital management
          The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
          going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholders’
          value.

          The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustment to it in light of changes in economic conditions.
          To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return
          capital to shareholders or issue new shares. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for
          managing capital during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023.

          The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by total equity plus net debt. Net debt
          includes interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, other long-term liabilities less cash and cash equivalents.
          Total equity includes equity attributable to owners of the parent and non-controlling interests. The gearing ratios
          as at the end of the reporting periods were as follows:

                                                                                                   2024              2023
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


          Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings (note 34)                                33,063,640         32,573,741
          Less: Cash and bank balances (note 30)                                             (13,523,933)       (13,693,591)


          Net debt                                                                            19,539,707         18,880,150

          Total equity                                                                        59,895,352         56,577,885


          Total equity and net debt                                                           79,435,059         75,458,035


          Gearing ratio                                                                              25%               25%


53. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

    On 13 March 2025, Fosun Industrial Co., Limited (”Fosun Industrial“), a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a
    Share Purchase Agreement with Calcite Gem Investments Group Ltd (“Calcite Gem”). Fosun Industrial intends to
    transfer 9.4 million ordinary shares, representing approximately 6.6% of the total shares of Unicorn II Holdings Limited,
    to Calcite Gem for a cash consideration of USD124.08 million. Upon completion of this transaction, the Group will no
    longer hold any equity interest in the company.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   271
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


54. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

     Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                           31 December         31 December
                                                                                                  2024                2023
                                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000

     NON-CURRENT ASSETS
     Property, plant and equipment                                                                 5,080             6,945
     Other intangible assets                                                                       1,206             1,346
     Investments in subsidiaries                                                              17,492,769        14,905,688
     Investments in associates                                                                 7,756,439         7,477,556
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                         2,894            39,372
     Other non-current assets                                                                  3,350,952         4,772,993

     Total non-current assets                                                                 28,609,340        27,203,900

     CURRENT ASSETS
     Trade and bills receivables                                                                  50,000                 —
     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                               6,596,083          6,830,087
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                       152,363            117,695
     Cash and bank balances                                                                    1,688,242          1,988,658

     Total current assets                                                                      8,486,688          8,936,440

     CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Other payables and accruals                                                               3,573,393          2,997,395
     Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                9,263,616          7,540,889
     Tax payable                                                                                      —               2,119

     Total current liabilities                                                                12,837,009        10,540,403

     NET CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                                   (4,350,321)       (1,603,963)

     TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                    24,259,019        25,599,937

     NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                                  959,203          1,728,936
     Deferred tax liability                                                                      968,947            968,947

     Total non-current liabilities                                                             1,928,150          2,697,883

     Net assets                                                                               22,330,869        22,902,054

     EQUITY
     Share capital                                                                             2,671,326         2,672,399
     Treasury shares                                                                            (234,375)          (41,928)
     Reserves                                                                                 19,893,918        20,271,583

     Total equity                                                                             22,330,869        22,902,054




272 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Notes to Financial Statements

31 December 2024


54. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
    Note:

    A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                          Share premium      Fair value         Statutory       Retained
                                                              and others       reserve    surplus reserve         profits           Total
                                                                RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


    At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                   18,237,120        12,296         1,336,078          764,189     20,349,683


    Total comprehensive income for the year                           —             —                 —         1,036,680     1,036,680
    Issue of A shares                                              7,540            —                 —                —          7,540
    Repurchase and cancellation of restricted A shares            (2,627)           —                 —                —         (2,627)
    Equity-settled share-based payments                            9,765            —                 —                —          9,765
    Profit appropriation to reserves                                  —             —                121             (121)           —
    Acquisitions of subsidiaries                                  (8,054)           —                 —                —         (8,054)
    Final 2022 dividend declared and paid                             —             —                 —        (1,121,404)   (1,121,404)


    At 31 December 2023                                      18,243,744        12,296         1,336,199          679,344     20,271,583



                                                         Share premium      Fair value      Statutory           Retained
                                                             and others       reserve surplus reserve             profits       Total
                                                               RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000


    At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                   18,243,744        12,296         1,336,199          679,344     20,271,583


    Total comprehensive income for the year                          —              —                 —          365,924          365,924
    Repurchase and cancellation of ordinary shares              (21,755)            —                 —               —           (21,755)
    Final 2023 dividend declared and paid                            —              —                 —         (721,834)        (721,834)


    At 31 December 2024                                      18,221,989        12,296         1,336,199          323,434     19,893,918



55. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 25 March 2025.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024    273
Definitions

In this annual report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the meanings set out below.

“2022 H Share Employee Share               the 2022 H Share Employee Share Ownership Scheme of the Company
  Ownership Scheme” or “H Share
  Employee Share Ownership Scheme”

“2022 Non-public Issuance of A Shares”     the issuance of an aggregate of 106,756,666 new A Shares of the Company to
                                           subscribers in the non-public issuance of shares at the issue price of RMB42.00
                                           per share in July 2022

“2022 Restricted A Share Incentive         the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme of the Company
  Scheme” or “Restricted A Share
  Incentive Scheme”

“2024 Final Dividend”                      the final dividend of RMB0.32 (before tax) per share for the year ended 31
                                           December 2024

“A Share(s)”                               domestic share(s) of the Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which
                                           are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and traded in RMB

“Abbott”                                   Abbott Products Operations AG., a company incorporated in Switzerland

“ADC”                                      Antibody-drug Conjugate

“AI”                                       artificial intelligence

“API”                                      Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient

“Articles of Association”                  the articles of association of the Company

“associates”                               has the meaning given to it under the Hong Kong Listing Rules

“BD”                                       business development

“Beijing Jnova”                            Beijing Jnova Pharmaceutical Company Limited* (北京吉洛華製藥有限公司), a
                                           subsidiary of the Company

“BFLY”                                     Butterfly Network, Inc., a corporation incorporated in Delaware, U.S. and listed on
                                           the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: BFLY)

“Board”                                    the board of Directors of the Company

“Breas”                                    Breas Medical Holdings AB, a company incorporated in Sweden, and a subsidiary
                                           of the Company

“Carelife Pharma”                          Chongqing Carelife Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (重慶凱林製藥有限公司), a
                                           subsidiary of the Company

“Cenexi”                                   Phixen, société par actions simplifiée, a company incorporated in France, a
                                           subsidiary of the Company

“CG Code”                                  the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong
                                           Listing Rules

“Chinese mainland”                         Chinese mainland, for the purpose of this report, excluding Hong Kong, Macau
                                           and Taiwan region




274 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Definitions



“CMC”                               Chemical Manufacturing and Control

“Code Provision”                    code provisions under the CG Code

“Company”                           Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.* ( 上海復星醫藥( 集團) 股份有
                                    限公司), a joint stock company established in the PRC with limited liability, whose
                                    H Shares and A Shares are listed and traded on the main board of the Hong Kong
                                    Stock Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange, respectively

“connected person(s)”               has the meaning given to it under the Hong Kong Listing Rules

“controlling shareholder(s)”        has the meaning given to it under the Hong Kong Listing Rules

“CQ Pharma Holdings”                Chongqing Pharmaceutical Holdings Company Limited* (重藥控股股份有限公司),
                                    a company incorporated in the PRC and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock
                                    Code: 000950)

“CSRC”                              China Securities Regulatory Commission* (中國證券監督管理委員會)

“Dalian Fujian”                     Dalian Fujian Xingweilai Venture Capital Investment Management Partnership
                                    (Limited Partnership)* ( 大連復健星未來創業投資管理合夥企業( 有限合夥)),
                                    a subsidiary of the Company

“Dalian Xingweilai Fund”            Dalian Xingweilai Venture and Innovation Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (大
                                    連 星 未 來創業創新基金合夥企業( 有限合夥)), a subsidiary of the Company

“Deed of Non-Competition”           the deed of non-competition dated 13 October 2012 and executed by the
                                    controlling shareholders in favour of the Company (for the Company and as
                                    trustee of the Company’s subsidiaries from time to time)

“Director(s)”                       director(s) of the Company

“Dongting Pharma”                   Hunan Dongting Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (湖南洞庭藥業股份有限公司), a
                                    subsidiary of the Company

“DP Technology”                     Shanghai DP Technology Co., Ltd.* (上海深勢唯思科技有限責任公司)

“Dr. Reddy’s”                       Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories SA, a company incorporated in Switzerland

“EBITDA”                            earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization

“EC”                                European Commission

“EHS“                               environment, health and safety

“ESG Committee”                     Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Board

“EU”                                European Union

“Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital”   Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital Limited* (佛山復星禪誠醫院有限公司), a
                                    subsidiary of the Company

“Fosun Finance”                     Fosun Group Finance Corporation Limited* (上海復星高科技集團財務有限公司),
                                    a subsidiary of Fosun High Tech




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   275
Definitions



“Fosun Health”                          Shanghai Fosun Health Technology (Group) Co., Ltd.* (上海復星健康科技(集團)
                                        有 限 公 司), a subsidiary of the Company

“Fosun High Tech”                       Shanghai Fosun High Technology (Group) Company Limited* (上海復星高科技
                                        (集 團 )有限公司), a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Fosun International and a
                                        controlling shareholder of the Company

“Fosun Holdings”                        Fosun Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong, a direct wholly
                                        owned subsidiary of Fosun International Holdings and a controlling shareholder of
                                        the Company

“Fosun Insightec”                       Fosun-Insightec Medical Technologies (Jiangsu Xuzhou) Co., Ltd.* ( 復星醫視特
                                        醫 療 科 技(江蘇徐州) 有限責任公司), a subsidiary of the Company

“Fosun International Holdings”          Fosun International Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin
                                        Islands, which was held as to 85.29% and 14.71% by Mr. Guo Guangchang
                                        and Mr. Wang Qunbin, respectively, as at the end of the Reporting Period, and a
                                        controlling shareholder of the Company

“Fosun International”                   Fosun International Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong and listed
                                        on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 00656), an indirect subsidiary of
                                        Fosun International Holdings and a controlling shareholder of the Company

“Fosun Kairos”                          Fosun Kairos (Shanghai) Biological Technology Co., Ltd.* ( 復星凱瑞( 上海) 生物
                                        科技有限公司), formerly known as Fosun Kite Biological Technology Co., Ltd.* (復
                                        星 凱 特 生物科技有限公司), a subsidiary of the Company as at the end of the
                                        Reporting Period

“Fosun New Medicine”                    Shanghai Fosun New Medicine Research Company Limited* ( 上海復星新藥研
                                        究 股 份 有限公司), formerly known as Shanghai Fosun New Medicine Research
                                        Company Limited* ( 上海復星新藥研究有限公司), a subsidiary of the Company

“Fosun Pharma Industrial”               Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical Industrial Development Company Limited* (上海
                                        復 星 醫 藥產業發展有限公司), a subsidiary of the Company

“Fosun Tourism”                         Fosun Tourism Group, a company incorporated in Cayman Islands, listed on the
                                        Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 01992) as at the end of the Reporting
                                        Period and delisted from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in March 2025

“Fosun Wanbang”                         Fosun Wanbang (Jiangsu) Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.* (復星萬邦 ( 江蘇)
                                        醫 藥 集 團有限公司), formerly know as Jiangsu Wanbang Biopharmaceutical
                                        Company Limited* ( 江蘇萬邦生化醫藥集團有限責任公司), a subsidiary of the
                                        Company

“Fujian Fund Management Company”        Shanghai Fujian Equity Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd.* ( 上海復健股權
                                        投 資 基 金管理有限公司), a subsidiary of the Company




276 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Definitions



“Gland Pharma”                 Gland Pharma Limited, a company incorporated in India and listed on the BSE
                               Limited and The National Stock Exchange of India Limited (stock code: GLAND)
                               and a subsidiary of the Company

“GMP”                          Good Manufacture Practices

“Group”                        the Company and its subsidiaries (or the Company and any one or more of its
                               subsidiaries, as the context may require)

“Guangzhou Xinshi Hospital”    Guangzhou Xinshi Hospital Co., Ltd.* ( 廣州新市醫院有限公司), a subsidiary of
                               the Company

“Guilin Pharma”                Guilin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (桂林南藥股份有限公司), a subsidiary of the
                               Company

“H Share(s)”                   overseas listed foreign share(s) in the ordinary share capital of the Company,
                               with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which are listed on the Hong Kong Stock
                               Exchange and traded in Hong Kong dollars

“HKFRS”                        the Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards

“Hong Kong dollars” or “HK$”   Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong Listing Rules”      the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange

“Hong Kong Stock Exchange”     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Hong Kong”                    the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Hongshulin Investment”        Shenzhen Hongshulin Technology Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (深
                               圳 市 紅 樹林科技投資合夥企業( 有限合夥)), a limited partnership established
                               in the PRC

“Huaihai Hospital”             Huaihai Hospital Management (Xuzhou) Co. Ltd.* (淮海醫院管理(徐州)有限公司),
                               an associated company of the Company

“IND”                          investigational new drug

“Insightec”                    Insightec Ltd., a company incorporated in Israel

“Insilico”                     InSilico Medicine Cayman TopCo and its subsidiaries

“Intuitive Fosun HK”           Intuitive Surgical-Fosun (Hongkong) Co., Limited, a company incorporated in
                               Hong Kong and an associated company of the Company

“Intuitive Fosun Shanghai”     Intuitive Surgical-Fosun Medical Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.* ( 直觀復星醫
                               療 器 械 技術(上海) 有限公司), an associated company of the Company

“Intuitive Fosun”              Intuitive Fosun HK and Intuitive Fosun Shanghai

“Jianjia Healthcare”           Jianjia Healthcare Investment Management Co., Ltd.* (健嘉醫療投資管理有限
                               公 司 ), a subsidiary of the Company

“Kite Pharma”                  Kite Pharma, Inc., a corporation incorporated in the U.S.

“Macau”                        the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC




                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   277
Definitions



“Meiji Seika”                           Meiji Seika Pharma Co., Ltd., a company incorporated in Japan

“Model Code”                            the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set out in
                                        Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules

“Nanjing Fund”                          Nanjing Xingjian Ruiying Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* ( 南
                                        京 星 健 睿贏股權投資合夥企業( 有限合夥)), a subsidiary of the Company

“National Medical Insurance Drugs       National Basic Medical Insurance, Work-Related Injury Insurance and Maternity
  Catalogue”                            Insurance Drugs Catalogue (《國家基本醫療保險、工傷保險和生育保險 藥品
                                        目 錄》)

“NDA”                                   New drug application

“NEEQ”                                  National Equities Exchange and Quotations (全國中小企業股份轉讓系統)

“Ningbo Fuying”                         Ningbo Fuying Investment Co., Ltd.* (寧波復瀛投資有限公司), a subsidiary of
                                        the Company

“NMPA”                                  National Medical Products Administration (中國國家藥品監督管理局)

“Palleon”                               Palleon Pharmaceuticals Inc., a corporation incorporated in the U.S.

“PCT”                                   Patent Cooperation Treaty

“PRC Company Law”                       the Company Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國公司法》)

“PRC Securities Law”                    the Securities Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國證券法》)

“PRC” or “China”                        The People’s Republic of China

“Procedural Rules of the Supervisory    the Procedural Rules of the Supervisory Committee of Shanghai Fosun
  Committee”                            Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.* (《上海復星醫藥( 集團) 股份有限公司 監事
                                        會 議 事 規則》)

“Prollenium”                            Prollenium Medical Technology, a company incorporated in Canada

“Puling Biomedical”                     Puling Biomedical (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.* (普靈生物醫藥( 深圳) 有限公司), a
                                        company established in the PRC with limited liability

“R&D”                                   research and development

“Reporting Period”                      the 12-month period from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024

“restricted A Share(s)”                 the A Share(s) granted by the Company to a participant according to the
                                        conditions and price stipulated under the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive
                                        Scheme which are subject to the restriction period and can only be unlocked and
                                        transferred after the unlocking conditions are satisfied

“RMB”                                   Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Sermonix”                              Sermonix Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a corporation incorporated in the U.S.




278 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
Definitions



“SFO”                               the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)

“Shanghai Futuo”                    Shanghai Futuo Biotech Development Co., Ltd.* ( 上海復拓生物科技發展有限
                                    公 司 ), a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability, and a subsidiary
                                    of the Company

“Shanghai Henlius”                  Shanghai Henlius Biotech, Inc.* (上海復宏漢霖生物技術股份有限公司), a
                                    company incorporated in the PRC and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock
                                    code: 02696) and a subsidiary of the Company

“Shanghai Listing Rules”            the Stock Listing Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (《上海證券交易所 股票
                                    上 市 規 則》   )

“Shanghai Stock Exchange”           the Shanghai Stock Exchange (上海證券交易所)

“Shanghai Xingchen Children’s Hospital” Shanghai Xingchen Children’s Hospital Co., Ltd.* (上海星晨兒童醫院有限公司),
                                        a subsidiary of the Company

“Shareholder(s)”                    holder(s) of Shares

“Shares”                            ordinary shares in the capital of the Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00
                                    each, comprising A Shares and H Shares

“Shenyang Hongqi”                   Shenyang Hongqi Pharmaceutical Company Limited* (瀋陽紅旗製藥有限公司),
                                    a subsidiary of the Company

“Shenzhen Stock Exchange”           the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (深圳證券交易所)

“Sinopharm Industrial”              Sinopharm Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.* ( 國 藥 產 業 投 資 有 限 公 司 ), an
                                    associated company of the Company

“Sinopharm”                         Sinopharm Group Co. Ltd.* (國藥控股股份有限公司), a company incorporated
                                    in the PRC and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 01099), a
                                    subsidiary of Sinopharm Industrial

“Sisram Medical”                    Sisram Medical Ltd, a company incorporated in Israel and listed on the Hong Kong
                                    Stock Exchange (stock code: 01696) and a subsidiary of the Company

“substantial shareholder(s)”        has the meaning given to it under the Hong Kong Listing Rules

“Supervisors”                       the supervisors of the Company

“Supervisory Committee”             the supervisory committee of the Company

“Suzhou Angel Fund”                 Suzhou Xingsheng Yuanfeng Venture and Investment Partnership (Limited
                                    Partnership)* (蘇州星盛園豐創業投資合夥企業( 有限合夥)), a subsidiary of
                                    the Company

“Suzhou Abcarta”                    Suzhou Abcarta Medical Technology Co., Ltd.* ( 蘇州百道醫療科技有限 公司 ),
                                    a subsidiary of the Company

“Suzhou Erye”                       Suzhou Erye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* ( 蘇州二葉製藥有限公司), a subsidiary
                                    of the Company

“SVAX”                              NexaPharma LLC, a company incorporated in United Arab Emirates




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   279
Definitions



“Syneos Health”                             Syneos Health, Inc., a corporation incorporated in U.S.

“Tianjin Pharma”                            Tianjin Pharma Group Co., Ltd.* (天津藥業集團有限公司)

“U.S. FDA”                                  U.S. Food and Drug Administration

“U.S.” or “United States”                   United States of America, its territories and possessions, any state of the United
                                            States and the District of Columbia

“US$”                                       United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

“WHO PQ”                                    World Health Organization Prequalification

“WHO”                                       World Health Organization

“Written Code”                               W ri tte n C ode for Sec uri ti es Trans ac ti ons by D i rec tors /Relevant
                                             Employees of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
                                            (《上 海 復 星 醫 藥 ( 集 團 ) 股 份 有 限 公 司 董 事╱有 關 僱 員 進 行 證 券 交 易 的 書 面
                                             守 則》)

“Xingnuo Pharma”                            Jiangsu Xingnuo Pharmaceutical Technology Company Limited* ( 江蘇星諾醫藥
                                            科 技 有 限公司), a subsidiary of the Company

“Xingsheng Fuying”                          Suzhou Xingzheng Fuying Corporate Management Partnership (Limited
                                            Partnership)* (蘇州星盛復盈企業管理合夥企業( 有限合夥)), a subsidiary of
                                            the Company

“Xingshuangjian Investment”                 Shanghai Xingshuangjian Investment Management Co., Ltd.* ( 上海星雙健投資
                                            管 理 有 限公司), a subsidiary of Fosun High Tech

“X-Magtech”                                 Beijing X-Magtech Co., Ltd.* (北京未磁科技有限公司)

“Yao Pharma”                                Chongqing Yao Pharmaceutical Company Limited* (重慶藥友製藥有限責任公司),
                                            a subsidiary of the Company

“YSB”                                       YSB Inc., a company incorporated in Cayman Islands and listed on the Hong Kong
                                            Stock Exchange (stock code: 09985)

“Yuyuan”                                    Shanghai Yuyuan Tourist Mart (Group) Co., Ltd.* ( 上海豫園旅遊商城（集團）
                                            股 份 有 限公司), a company whose shares are listed on the SSE with stock code
                                            600655

“%”                                         per cent


In this annual report, if there is any inconsistency between the Chinese names of the entities, authorities, organizations,
institutions or enterprises established in China or the awards or certificates given in China and their English translations, the
Chinese version shall prevail.

*   for identification purposes only




280 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
4
