CONTENTS
CORPORATE INFORMATION                                     2

BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS                                       4

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS                                     11

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                       13

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION               32

REPORT ON REVIEW OF INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION        44

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR    45
  LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF              46
  FINANCIAL POSITION

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF              48
  CHANGES IN EQUITY

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS   50

NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL        52
 INFORMATION

DEFINITIONS                                              69
    Corporate Information



    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                              JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Executive Directors                                             Ms. Leah Liu (劉栩昕)
                                                                      (resigned with effect from 15 April 2025)
    Mr. Wei Fu (傅唯) (Chairman of the Board)
                                                                    Mr. King Hang Yeung (楊景行)
    Mr. Yongqing Luo (羅永慶)
                                                                      (appointed with effect from 15 April 2025)
    Mr. Ian Ying Woo (何穎)
                                                                    Ms. Yee Wa Lau (劉綺華)

    Non-Executive Directors
                                                                    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Mr. William Ki Chul Cho (曹基哲)
                                                                    Mr. Ian Ying Woo (何穎)
    Mr. Honggang Feng (馮洪剛)
                                                                    Ms. Yee Wa Lau (劉綺華)

    Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                                    AUDITOR
    Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣世東)
                                                                    Ernst & Young
    Mr. Yifan Li (李軼梵)
                                                                    Certified Public Accountants and Registered
    Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (徐海音)
                                                                      Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                                                    27/F, One Taikoo Place, 979 King’s Road
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                                 Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
    Mr. Yifan Li (李軼梵) (Chairperson)
    Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣世東)
                                                                    REGISTERED OFFICE
    Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (徐海音)
                                                                    PO Box 309, Ugland House
                                                                    Grand Cayman
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                          KY1-1104, Cayman Islands
    Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (徐海音) (Chairperson)
    Mr. Wei Fu (傅唯)
                                                                    HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
    Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣世東)
                                                                    OF BUSINESS IN CHINA
                                                                    17/F., AIA Financial Center
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                            866 East Changzhi Road, Hongkou District
    Mr. Wei Fu (傅唯) (Chairperson)                                   Shanghai 200082, China
    Mr. Yifan Li (李軼梵)
    Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (徐海音)
                                                                    PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
                                                                    HONG KONG
                                                                    Room 1912, 19/F, Lee Garden One
                                                                    33 Hysan Avenue
                                                                    Causeway Bay
                                                                    Hong Kong




2         Everest Medicines Limited           Interim Report 2025
                                                                           Corporate Information




LEGAL ADVISORS                                        STOCK CODE
As to Hong Kong law and United States law             1952

Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom and affiliates
42/F, Edinburgh Tower, The Landmark                   COMPANY WEBSITE
15 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong                    www.everestmedicines.com


As to PRC law
Zhong Lun Law Firm
6/10/11/16/17F, Two IFC, 8 Century Avenue
Pudong New Area, Shanghai 200120, PRC


As to Cayman Islands law
Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP
26th Floor, Central Plaza
18 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
PO Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square
Grand Cayman KY1-1102
Cayman Islands


HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor
Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East
Wan Chai, Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL BANKER
Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
32nd Floor, 4–4A Des Voeux Road, Central
Hong Kong




                                                                                                   3
    Business Highlights



    During the six months ended 30 June 2025, and as of the Latest Practicable Date, Everest continued to execute on its dual-engine
    strategic plan by simultaneously growing revenue from its commercial business while advancing a pipeline of innovative assets. The
    Company also strengthened its presence across key Asian markets and enhanced its global visibility.


    We now have three commercialized products targeting large markets in renal disease, anti-infectives, and autoimmune diseases,
    with combined peak sales estimated at more than RMB10 billion. We successfully negotiated a favorable price for NEFECON®
    on China’s National Reimbursement Drug List (the “NRDL”) and obtained full approval from China’s National Medical Products
    Administration (the “NMPA”). NEFECON® has shown robust strong uptake, supported by clinical guideline recommendations which
    will enable greater patient access and long-term market penetration.


    With respect to our pipeline with global rights, we announced positive results for EVER001 (civorebrutinib) in our Phase 1b/2a
    clinical trial in primary membranous nephropathy (pMN) and made significant strides on two proprietary mRNA cancer vaccines as
    well as our in-vivo CAR-T program. Nine patients have been dosed with personalized cancer vaccine EVM16 in a first-in-human trial
    in China, and we obtained U.S. Investigational New Drug clearance for off-the-shelf tumor associated antigen (TAA) cancer vaccine
    EVM14, with manufacturing readiness established to support clinical development in both the U.S. and China. These early-stage
    assets position us well to advance our innovative, wholly-owned pipeline and are expected to play an increasingly important role in
    our growth story going forward.


    In the first half of 2025, we achieved the milestones below:


    RENAL PRODUCTS PORTFOLIO
    NEFECON®, our anchor drug candidate in the renal therapeutic area, is a patented oral, delayed release formulation of budesonide,
    a corticosteroid with potent glucocorticoid activity and weak mineralocorticoid activity that undergoes substantial first pass
    metabolism. The formulation is designed as a delayed release capsule that is enteric coated so that it remains intact until it releases
    budesonide to the distal ileum. Each capsule contains coated beads of budesonide that target mucosal B-cells present in the ileum
    where the disease originates, as per the predominant pathogenesis models. NEFECON® received China NMPA approval for the
    treatment of primary IgA nephropathy (IgAN) in November of 2023 and launched in mainland China in May 2024. As of January
    2025, NEFECON® has also been added to the NRDL, which greatly enhances patient access to this critically important medication.


    —     In January 2025, NEFECON® pricing was officially implemented under the NRDL after its inclusion in November 2024. Patients
          are able to obtain NEFECON® at designated medical institutions or pharmacies and benefit from the reimbursed pricing. The
          official implementation of the NRDL expands the accessibility of NEFECON®, alleviates patient financial burden, and enables
          more patients with IgAN in China to benefit from this innovative drug.




4          Everest Medicines Limited           Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                 Business Highlights




—   In May 2025, the supplemental new drug application for NEFECON® was granted full approval by the China NMPA,
    irrespective of proteinuria levels. This milestone makes NEFECON® the first and only etiological treatment for IgA nephropathy
    (IgAN) to receive full approval in China. The full approval by the NMPA is based on data from the global Phase 3 NefIgArd
    clinical trial, a randomized, double-blind, multicenter study that evaluated the efficacy and safety of NEFECON ® at a once-daily
    dose of 16 mg, compared to placebo in adult patients with primary IgAN on optimized RASi therapy.


—   In May 2025, NEFECON® was included in the “Clinical Practice Guideline for IgA Nephropathy and IgA Vasculitis in Chinese
    Adults (For Public Review)”, which recommends the etiological treatment with a 9-month course of NEFECON® for all primary
    patients with IgAN who are at risk for disease progression, irrespective of proteinuria levels. The guideline recommends that
    patients with proteinuria ≥ 0.5g/day (or equivalent levels) undergo a renal biopsy and initiate treatment. For the first time,
    the guideline introduces interventions targeting immune-mediated damage, particularly the formation of pathogenic IgA1
    (Gd-IgA1), a key driver of pathogenesis to IgAN. NEFECON® is recommended as the preferred treatment to reduce Gd-IgA1.
    Once short-term treatment goals, namely proteinuria remission (defined as proteinuria < 0.5 g/day, ideally < 0.3 g/day) and
    stable renal function, are achieved, low-dose maintenance or repeated safe and effective immunotherapy can be considered
    together with supportive care to ensure that eGFR declines by less than 1 ml/min per year.


—   In June 2025, Everest presented 9 new abstracts on NEFECON® at the 62nd European Renal Association Congress (ERA
    2025). These included 8 oral presentations and one e-poster. The newly released results provide comprehensive findings,
    including efficacy predictive biomarkers, efficacy evaluations across patients with varying diagnosis timelines and baseline
    eGFR, long-term treatment sustainability, and in particular, investigations into the mechanism of action and safety profile. The
    results show that NEFECON® improves renal function in IgAN patients, regardless of baseline eGFR or time since diagnosis.
    Additionally, the new results demonstrate that early treatment with NEFECON® can help protect renal function and slow
    disease progression, leading to improved disease management and an improved quality of life for patients. These findings
    provide robust support to the new disease management strategy of “Treat the cause, Treat early, Treat all, Treat long-term.”




                                                                                                                                        5
    Business Highlights




    Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:
    —     In August 2025, Everest announced that the supplemental application for the production expansion of NEFECON® has been
          officially approved by China’s NMPA. NEFECON® is the first and only etiological treatment for IgA nephropathy to receive full
          approval in China, the United States, and Europe, providing a foundational first-line cornerstone treatment for IgAN patients.
          This approval for production expansion will further boost capacity and increase product supply, enabling a more efficient
          response to the growing clinical demand in China and across Asia.


    —     In August 2025, Everest announced that China Taiwan Food and Drug Administration (the “TFDA”) approved the
          supplementary application for NEFECON®. NEFECON® is indicated to reduce the loss of kidney function in adults with primary
          IgAN who are at risk for disease progression, irrespective of proteinuria levels. Taiwan region became the last region across
          all of Everest’s territories to grant full approval for NEFECON®, together with Mainland China, Singapore, Macao SAR, Hong
          Kong SAR and South Korea. This further demonstrates NEFECON®’s foundational first-line cornerstone treatment for IgAN
          patients.


    —     We expect official inclusion of NEFECON® in the KDIGO 2025 guidelines as well as in the first Chinese guideline for IgAN in
          the second half of 2025.


    EVER001 (civorebrutinib) is a next-generation covalent reversible Bruton’s tyrosine kinase (BTK) inhibitor with potential best-
    in-class characteristics for the treatment of autoimmune renal diseases such as primary membranous nephropathy (pMN),
    IgA nephropathy (IgAN), minimal change disease (MCD), focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS), and lupus nephritis (LN).
    Compared to covalent irreversible BTK inhibitors, EVER001 offers improved selectivity while maintaining high potency, thereby
    potentially avoiding many of the side effects associated with earlier-generation BTK inhibitors. Everest Medicines holds global rights
    to EVER001 for the treatment of renal diseases.


    —     In June 2025, Everest presented positive results, including longer-term data as of 17 December 2024, from the ongoing
          Phase 1b/2a clinical trial of EVER001 in China at ERA 2025. Ten patients in the low-dose cohort completed 52 weeks of
          follow-up, and 10 patients in the high-dose cohort completed 24 weeks of treatment. Compared to baseline, the least
          squares (LS) geometric mean levels of anti-PLA2R autoantibodies decreased by 62.1% in the low-dose cohort and 87.3% in
          the high-dose cohort at week 12. The reductions in both cohorts reached approximately 93% at week 24. Additionally, in the
          low-dose cohort, a 78.0% reduction in proteinuria was observed by the end of 36 weeks of treatment which was sustained
          through week 52. In the high-dose cohort, a 70.1% reduction in proteinuria was shown at week 24, with 80.0% of patients
          achieving clinical remission. Patients in both cohorts maintained stable renal function during the treatment period. EVER001
          was generally safe and well tolerated. No clinically significant adverse events commonly associated with covalent irreversible
          BTK inhibitors were observed.




6          Everest Medicines Limited           Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                   Business Highlights




Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:
—     In July 2025, Everest announced updated positive results from the ongoing Ph1b/2a clinical trial of EVER001, with a data
      cut off of March 21, 2025 (in Cohort 1, 11 patients completed 52 weeks of follow-up; In Cohort 2, 16 patients completed
      24 weeks of treatment, 12 patients completed 36 weeks of treatment, and 7 patients completed 52 weeks of follow-up).
      Compared to baseline, the geometric least square (LS) mean of anti-PLA2R autoantibody levels decreased by 62.2% in
      Cohort 1 and 87.3% in Cohort 2 at week 12. The reductions in both cohorts reached more than 93% at week 24 and were
      sustained through week 52 in both cohorts. 76.9% of patients in Cohort 1 and 88.2% in Cohort 2 achieved immunological
      complete remission at week 24. Geometric LS mean of 24hr proteinuria levels in cohorts 1 and 2 decreased by 57.0% and
      67.6% at week 24, respectively; and further deepened to 76.7% and 80.6% at week 36, respectively; the reductions in
      both cohorts were sustained through week 52. Consistent with prior results, 38.5% of patients in Cohort 1 and 70.6% of
      patients in Cohort 2 reached clinical remission at Week 24 and the remission rate improved to 69.2% and 91.7% by week
      36. The average serum albumin levels of patients in both cohorts reached the normal range during the treatment period,
      while maintaining the stable eGFR. EVER001 was generally safe and well tolerated with the most common Treatment-Related
      Adverse Events (TRAEs) categorized as Grade 1-2. No clinically significant adverse events commonly associated with BTK
      inhibitors were observed.


—     We expect to report EVER001 Phase 1b/2a 1-year follow up data in September.


INFECTIOUS DISEASE PORTFOLIO
XERAVA® (eravacycline) is a novel, fully synthetic, broad-spectrum, fluorocycline, parenteral antibiotic of the tetracycline class
that has shown broad in vitro activity against Gram-negative, Gram-positive and anaerobic pathogens, including those pathogens
that have acquired multidrug resistance (MDR) and are prevalent in China. XERAVA® is currently approved for the treatment of
complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI) in the US, EU, UK, Singapore, mainland China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan. XERAVA ®
was licensed to Everest by Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, Inc., an affiliate of Innoviva Specialty Therapeutics, Inc.


—     In June 2025, the Chinese Journal of Laboratory Medicine officially published “Specifications for Antimicrobial Susceptibility
      Testing of Eravacycline (2025)”, providing standardized protocols for conducting and interpreting the in vitro antimicrobial
      susceptibility testing (AST) of eravacycline. These protocols support rational clinical use of eravacycline based on standardized
      evidence and enhance the accuracy and consistency of susceptibility testing results across clinical microbiology laboratories,
      thereby better addressing the challenges of treating multidrug-resistant (MDR) and complicated infections. The Specifications
      were jointly developed by the Expert Committee of the National Health Commission on Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing
      and Standard Research (the “ChinaCAST”), the Clinical Microbiology Laboratory Specialized Committee of Chinese Hospital
      Association, and the Chinese Committee on Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing, affiliated to the European Committee on
      Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing (EUCAST). This publication complements the China clinical breakpoints for eravacycline
      released by ChinaCAST in 2024, creating a unified technical framework that integrates breakpoint definitions with standardized
      testing protocols.




                                                                                                                                          7
    Business Highlights




    AUTOIMMUNE DISEASE PORTFOLIO
    VELSIPITY® (etrasimod) is a once-daily, oral, sphingosine 1-phosphate (S1P) receptor modulator that selectively binds with S1P
    receptor subtypes 1, 4, and 5. Regulatory approvals have been granted in US, EU, Canada, Japan, Australia, Singapore, UK,
    Switzerland, Israel, Hong Kong and the Macao SAR, China for VELSIPITY® in ulcerative colitis, as well as additional countries.


    —     In February 2025, the data from the maintenance phase of the multi-center Phase III clinical study of etrasimod in Asia
          were presented at the 20th European Crohn’s and Colitis Organization Congress (ECCO 2025). To date, etrasimod is the
          only advanced therapy for UC that has completed a large-scale, randomized, controlled pivotal study in the Asia-Pacific
          region. The ES101002 study provides robust evidence supporting the use of etrasimod in patients with UC and confirms the
          significant clinical and endoscopic benefits after 40 weeks of maintenance treatment with 2 mg etrasimod, including mucosal
          healing, endoscopic normalization, and histological remission. The safety profile of etrasimod remained consistent with
          previous studies, with no new safety findings observed.


    —     In March 2025, the localized production project for etrasimod was officially launched at the Jiashan factory. With a total
          investment of RMB70 million, the project is expected to reach an annual production capacity of 50 million tablets once fully
          operational. The expected supply scope will cover Everest’s licensing regions, including Greater China, South Korea, and
          Singapore.


    —     In April 2025, the Department of Health of the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, China, officially
          approved the NDA for VELSIPITY® for the treatment of adult patients with moderately to severely active UC.


    —     In June 2025, the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety (MFDS) of South Korea officially accepted the NDA for VELSIPITY® for the
          treatment of patients with moderate-to-severely active UC.


    —     In June 2025, etrasimod was included in the ACG Clinical Guideline Update: Ulcerative Colitis in Adults (the “Updated
          Guidelines”). S1P receptor modulators, including etrasimod, are recommended for induction of remission in patients with
          moderately to severely active UC, and are recommended to be continued for maintenance of remission as compared with
          no treatment after induction of remission with these agents. Both recommendations are strong, with moderate quality of
          evidence.


    Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:
    —     In July 2025, four-year global safety follow-up data for etrasimod in the treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe active
          UC were presented at the 13th Annual Congress of the Asian Organization for Crohn’s and Colitis (AOCC 2025). These data
          were previously presented at the European Crohn’s and Colitis Organization (ECCO) Congress and the Digestive Disease
          Week (DDW) conference. The data demonstrated a favorable long-term safety and tolerability profile for etrasimod in patients
          with moderately to severely active UC, with no changes in safety characteristics among patients receiving long-term treatment
          of etrasimod.




8          Everest Medicines Limited           Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                    Business Highlights




—     In August 2025, China Taiwan Food Drug Administration (TFDA) officially accepted the NDA for VELSIPITY® for the treatment
      of patients with moderately to severely active UC. The regulatory acceptance in South Korea and Taiwan, China marks a
      significant milestone in VELSIPITY®’s market access across Asia, following prior approvals in Macau, Singapore, and China
      Hong Kong.


—     We expect VELSIPITY® to receive NDA approval in mainland China in the first half of 2026.


mRNA PLATFORM
Everest has built an industry-leading, fully integrated, and localized AI+mRNA platform that accelerates mRNA product development
in mRNA therapeutic cancer vaccines and mRNA in vivo CAR-T platform.


Among our mRNA cancer vaccines, EVM16 is built upon a proprietary AI-based neoantigen prediction algorithm, EVER-NEO-1, and
the third generation mRNA sequence optimization model. mRNA sequences encoding each patient’s tumor-specific neoantigens
are encapsulated into lipid nanoparticles (LNP) and administered to the patient to elicit an antigen specific T cell immune response.
Preclinical studies of EVM16 in mouse melanoma models demonstrated efficacy and synergistic effects when combined with PD-1
antibody. EVM14, an off-the-shelf therapeutic mRNA cancer vaccine, targets five tumor-associated antigens and is applicable
across multiple types of squamous cell carcinomas. Preclinical studies have demonstrated its potential to induce immune memory
and reduce tumor recurrence. EVM14 has received a U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Investigational New Drug (IND)
clearance and has received IND acceptance in China. Preclinical studies for immune-modulatory cancer vaccine EVM15 is ongoing
and expects to achieve preclinical proof of concept in 2025.


Everest’s mRNA in vivo CAR-T platform, which can be developed for both cancer and autoimmune diseases, is built upon its
proprietary targeted LNP (tLNP) delivery system and has shown promising results in both humanized mouse models and non-
human primates. The in vivo CAR-T platform offers key advantages over traditional CAR-T therapy including off-the-shelf availability,
lymphodepletion-free administration, and dose controllability.


—     In March 2025, Everest announced that the first patient has been dosed with the Company’s internally developed
      personalized mRNA cancer vaccine EVM16 at Peking University Cancer Hospital in the investigator-initiated clinical trial (IIT)
      EVM16CX01. EVM16CX01 is the first-in-human trial for EVM16, conducted jointly at Peking University Cancer Hospital and
      Fudan University Shanghai Cancer center, to assess the safety, tolerability, immunogenicity, and preliminary efficacy of EVM16
      as a monotherapy and in combination with a PD-1 antibody in patients with advanced or recurrent solid tumors.


—     In March 2025, Everest announced that the U.S. FDA has cleared its IND application for EVM14, a TAA vaccine. EVM14 is
      Everest’s first internally developed mRNA therapeutic vaccine to receive FDA IND approval, marking a significant milestone in
      the Company’s efforts to develop innovative mRNA therapeutics in oncology.


—     In June 2025, Everest announced the successful release of the first clinical batch of EVM14 from its Jiashan manufacturing
      site, Zhejiang Province in China. This batch will support the clinical trials of EVM14 in both China and the United States.




                                                                                                                                        9
     Business Highlights




     —    In June 2025, Everest hosted the “2025 Everest Medicines mRNA Platform R&D Day” in Shanghai. The event unveiled
          significant advancements in the Company’s proprietary AI+mRNA platform and highlighted key cancer and autoimmune
          pipeline programs developed through the platform, substantially progressing the Company’s “dual-engine” strategy.


     Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:
     —    In July 2025, the IND application for EVM14 was officially accepted by China’s CDE.


     —    We expect to enroll first patient in the EVM14 program in the U.S. in the second half of 2025.


     —    We expect to receive IND approval on EVM14 from China’s NMPA in the second half of 2025.


     —    We expect to achieve preclinical candidate milestone in the mRNA in vivo CAR-T program in the second half of 2025.


     —    We expect to complete patient enrollment of EVM16 IIT study in the second half of 2025.


     KEY CORPORATE DEVELOPMENTS
     —    In April 2025, Everest secured removal of the “B” marker affixed to the Company’s stock short name, which went into effect
          from 2 May 2025. The removal of “B” marker was granted by the Stock Exchange. The removal of the “B” marker reflects
          a comprehensive evaluation of Everest Medicines’ robust R&D pipeline, commercialization capabilities, and overall business
          fundamentals.


     —    In July 2025, Everest successfully completed a top up placement of approximately 22.56 million Shares, raising net proceeds
          of approximately HK$1.55 billion. The transaction was significantly oversubscribed and attracted strong interest from leading
          international long-only investors, reflecting broad confidence in the Company’s strategic direction and execution capabilities.
          We expect to use the proceeds to accelerate the development of our innovative pipeline and our proprietary AI-enabled
          mRNA platform, while advancing the commercialization of our existing portfolio. With a strengthened capital base, we are
          poised to drive both commercialization and innovation, delivering greater value to patients and shareholders.


     —    In August 2025, Everest made a strategic equity investment in I-Mab, a company listed on the Nasdaq Global Market. With an
          increased investment of US$30.9 million, Everest now owns approximately 16.1% of the total issued share capital of I-Mab,
          inclusive of ordinary shares already held by Everest, making us I-Mab’s largest single shareholder.


     For details of any of the foregoing, please refer to the rest of this interim report and, where applicable, the Company’s prior
     announcements.




10         Everest Medicines Limited           Interim Report 2025
                                                                                    Financial Highlights



IFRS NUMBERS
•   Revenue for the six months ended 30 June 2025 significantly increased by RMB144.6 million, or 48.0%, to RMB446.1 million,
    compared with RMB301.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. The revenue growth was primarily attributable to
    continuing ramp-up of NEFECON® and XERAVA® in the commercialized markets.


    In China market, the inclusion of NEFECON® in the NRDL and served as a key growth driver, leading to a substantial increase
    in NEFECON®’s revenue for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The continued deepening of XERAVA®’s market penetration
    contributed to sustained revenue growth. Meanwhile, NEFECON® achieved milestone with its successful launch in Taiwan.


    In markets outside of China, VELSIPITY® was successfully introduced to the Singapore market in the first half of 2025. These
    achievements highlight the Group’s progress in expanding its international presence and enhance medicine accessibility.


•   Gross profit margin decreased from 76.6% for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to 67.1% for the six months ended 30
    June 2025. Excluding the amortisation of intangible assets, the gross profit margin decreased from 83.0% for the six months
    ended 30 June 2024 to 76.4% for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The decrease was mainly due to the NRDL price
    reduction of NEFECON® in mainland China and the optimisation of product costs.


•   Research and development (“R&D”) expenses for the six months ended 30 June 2025 amounted to RMB195.2 million,
    decreasing from RMB253.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, reflecting strategic resource optimization to focus
    on core pipeline breakthroughs.


    While achieving several R&D milestones for the first half of the year, the Company is actively optimizing its R&D strategy to
    accelerate the development of in vivo CAR-T and mRNA platforms positioning for next-phase research and clinical readiness,
    and continue to develop the value of EVER001 (Civorebrutinib).


•   General and administrative expenses increased by RMB23.8 million, from RMB87.0 million for the six months ended 30 June
    2024 to RMB110.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. This increase was primarily due to an increase in the
    number of employees, reflecting targeted talent investments to support pipeline development and market expansion, in line
    with our strategic growth initiative.


•   Distribution and selling expenses increased by RMB114.4 million from RMB200.4 million for the six months ended 30 June
    2024 to RMB314.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. This increase was primarily driven by: (i) NEFECON®’s
    inclusion in China’s NRDL and its full approval across Asia regions, the Company proactively increased the coverage
    in medical institutions, academic promotion and medical education; and (ii) expanded commercial activities to support
    XERAVA®’s market penetration.




                                                                                                                                    11
     Financial Highlights




     •   The ratio of total operating expenses (including general and administrative expenses, research and development expenses,
         and distribution and selling expenses) to sales decreased by 40.1 percentage points, reflecting business and operation
         efficiency improvement and focused resource allocation.


     •   Net loss for the period decreased by RMB382.6 million from RMB632.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024
         to RMB249.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. This decrease was primarily due to the strong product sale,
         improvements in business and operation efficiency and a one-time, non-recurring impairment loss from an intangible asset
         related to mRNA COVID-19 vaccines for the six months ended 30 June 2024.


     •   Cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits amounted to RMB1,585.9 million as of 30 June 2025.


     NON-IFRS MEASURE
     •   Adjusted loss for the period1 narrowed by RMB65.7 million, from RMB212.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024
         to RMB146.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, primarily excluding the one-time and non-recurring loss on
         impairment of an intangible asset, and non-cash expenses of share-based compensation and amortization of intangible
         assets.




     1
         Adjusted loss for the period represents the loss for the period attributable to the equity holders of the Company excluding the effect of certain non-cash items
         and one-time events, namely the loss on fair value changes in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, the loss on fair value changes of preferred shares
         (current financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss), share-based compensation loss, impairment loss on an intangible asset and intangible assets
         amortization. For the calculation and reconciliation of this non-IFRS measure, please refer to the paragraph numbered 14 under the heading “Financial Review”
         below.




12        Everest Medicines Limited                       Interim Report 2025
                                           Management Discussion and Analysis



OVERVIEW
We are a fully integrated biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, licensing, clinical development, manufacturing, and
commercialization of novel and differentiated therapies to address critical unmet medical needs initially in the Asia Pacific markets
and eventually around the world. Since the founding of the Company in 2017, we have strategically built a robust portfolio of
promising clinical-stage candidates and commercial-stage products and are actively working to complement our existing pipeline
through in-house discovery and business development. In the first half of 2025, we made substantial progress across our clinical,
commercial, and discovery platforms, further demonstrating the strength of our end-to-end capabilities and our ability to execute
across the full value chain.


In April 2025, Everest secured the removal of the “B” marker affixed to the Company’s stock short name, as granted by the
Stock Exchange, reflecting recognition of the Company’s robust R&D pipeline, commercialization capabilities, and overall
business fundamentals. In July, Everest successfully completed a top-up placement of approximately 22.56 million Shares, raising
net proceeds of HK$1.55 billion. The transaction was significantly oversubscribed and attracted strong interest from leading
international long-only investors, reflecting broad confidence in the Company’s strategic direction and execution capabilities. We
expect to use the proceeds to accelerate the development of our innovative pipeline and our proprietary AI-enabled mRNA platform,
while advancing the commercialization of our existing portfolio. With a strengthened capital base, we are poised to drive both
commercialization and innovation, delivering greater value to patients and shareholders.




                                                                                                                                        13
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Our commercial portfolio now includes NEFECON®, XERAVA®, and VELSIPITY®, three products with strong revenue potential and
     strategic market positioning. NEFECON®’s inclusion in the NRDL took effect in January 2025 and we received full approval in China
     in May, significantly accelerating patient access and establishing it as a foundational therapy for IgA nephropathy. Demand has
     been robust, with over 20,000 new patients initiating treatment in the first half of the year, despite supply constraints. In August, the
     NMPA approved our supplemental production application, paving the way for a significant sales ramp in the second half of the year.
     We now expect full year NEFECON® sales to reach RMB1.2 to 1.4 billion.


     XERAVA® sales have continued their steady growth, driven by deeper penetration in core hospitals and expanding uptake in
     emerging markets. Together, NEFECON® and XERAVA® generated RMB446 million in the first half of 2025, supporting full-year
     revenue guidance of RMB1.6 to 1.8 billion. VELSIPITY® is progressing towards launch in mainland China following NDA approval
     in Hong Kong and NDA acceptance in South Korea. Alongside commercial execution, we advanced our pipeline with continued
     progress in early-stage and discovery programs with global rights, including encouraging clinical data from EVER001(civorebrutinib)
     in primary membranous nephropathy (pMN), and dual regulatory submissions in China and the U.S. for our tumor-associated
     antigen (TAA) mRNA cancer vaccine, EVM14. Our personalized cancer vaccine EVM16 also entered clinical testing, with preliminary
     human data expected in the second half of 2025. Our in vivo CAR-T program is expected to achieve preclinical proof-of-concept in
     non-human primates later this year, setting a path toward generating first-in-human data in 2026.


     Our vision remains unchanged: to become a leading biopharma in Asia-Pacific by 2030. We aim to create beneficial social impact
     through our innovative portfolio of differentiated medicines and build sustainable value for our shareholders. Our business and
     capabilities encompass the entire value chain of innovative biopharmaceuticals, including discovery, preclinical development,
     chemistry, manufacturing and controls (“CMC”), process development, clinical development, and commercialization. We are driving
     towards our vision through a dual-engine approach of pipeline organic growth with early-stage discovery work based on our mRNA
     technology platform complemented with business development and asset in-licensing to leverage the synergies inherent in our
     robust commercial platform. As we enter the second half of 2025, we are well-positioned to deliver continued revenue growth,
     deepen market penetration, and advance a differentiated pipeline that addresses high-value areas of unmet need.




14          Everest Medicines Limited            Interim Report 2025
                                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




PRODUCT PIPELINE
Everest has established a strong product pipeline across renal, infectious and autoimmune diseases that are potentially first-
in-disease or best-in-class treatments. These programs encompass short-term, mid-term and long-term opportunities and are
collectively expected to generate significant revenue growth for the Company and create long-term value for Shareholders.


The following table summarizes our key pipeline and the development status of each drug and vaccine candidate as of the Latest
Practicable Date:


                                                                                                                 Everest Clinical Status                                  Global
 NDA/BLA         Molecule                         Commercial
                                  Partner                            Indication                                                                 BLA/NDA                   Clinical
 approval       (Modality)                          Right                             Pre-clinical     Phase 1         Phase 2     Phase 3                   Approval
                                                                                                                                               Application                Status

                                                  Greater China,
                                                                         IgA         Approved in Taiwan, Macau, Hong Kong, Mainland China, South Korea and Singapore     Approved in
                NEFECON®                         Singapore, South
                                                                     Nephropathy                                                                                           US, EU
                                                      Korea

    2023         XERAVA®
                                                   Greater China,
                                                                                                                                                                         Approved in
                                                  South Korea, SE        cIAI         Approved in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Singapore
               (eravacycline)                          Asia
                                                                                                                                                                         US, EU, UK

                                                  Greater China,
                 Velsipity®                                           Ulcerative                                                                                         Approved in


    2024-26
                                                  South Korea,                        Approved in Macau, Hong Kong and Singapore
                (etrasimod)                         Singapore
                                                                        Colitis                                                                                            US, EU

                                                   Greater China,
                 Cefepime-                                                                                                                                              Priority review
                                                  South Korea, SE        cUTI         Priority review for Mainland China
               taniborbactam                           Asia
                                                                                                                                                                        granted in US

                                                   Greater China,
                                                                     Autoimmune
               Zetomipzomib                       South Korea, SE                                                                                                         Phase 2a
                                                       Asia
                                                                      Hepatitis


   2027 and      EVER001
                                                                       Primary
                                                    Worldwide        Membranous                                                                                         Phase 1b/2a

    beyond
                (XNW1011)
                                                                     Nephropathy

                                                   Greater China,
                 EVER206                                            Gram Negative
                                                  South Korea, SE                                                                                                          Phase 1
                 (SPR206)                              Asia
                                                                      Infections

               Personalized
                  cancer        Self-developed      Worldwide           Cancer                                                                                                IIT
                 vaccine
                TAA cancer
   Discovery
                                                                                                                                                                           US IND
                                Self-developed      Worldwide           Cancer
                 vaccine                                                                                                                                                  approved

                 Immune-
   Platform     modulatory
                  cancer
                                Self-developed      Worldwide           Cancer                                                                                             Pre-IND

                  vaccine
                                                                      Cancer &
               In vivo CAR-T    Self-developed      Worldwide                                                                                                            Pre-clinical
                                                                     Autoimmune



Abbreviations: IgA = immunoglobulin A; cIAI = complicated intra-abdominal infections; cUTI = complicated urinary tract infections; NDA/BLA = new drug application; CD =
Crohn’s disease; AD = atopic dermatitis; AA = alopecia areata; EoE = eosinophilic esophagitis.




                                                                                                                                                                                          15
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     BUSINESS REVIEW
     Pipeline Outlook
     In 2025, we continued to advance our pipeline and expand the reach of our approved therapies across key therapeutic areas. In
     August, the Company announced that the TFDA approved the supplementary application for NEFECON®. NEFECON® is indicated
     to reduce the loss of kidney function in adults with primary IgAN who are at risk for disease progression, irrespective of proteinuria
     levels. Taiwan region became the last region across all of Everest’s territories to grant full approval for NEFECON®, together with
     Mainland China, Singapore, Macao SAR, Hong Kong SAR and South Korea. This further demonstrates NEFECON®’s foundational
     first-line cornerstone treatment for IgAN patients across Asia.


     Among our late-stage assets, VELSIPITY® (etrasimod) made important regulatory progress, with NDA approval granted in Hong
     Kong and NDA acceptance confirmed in South Korea and Taiwan. In the meanwhile, we expect NMPA to grant approval in
     mainland China in the first half of 2026.


     In our clinical-stage renal products portfolio, we made significant progress in the ongoing Phase 1b/2a trial of EVER001 (civorebrutinib)
     in primary membranous nephropathy (pMN), with updated positive results as of 21 March 2025 continuing to support its best-in-
     class potential in terms of its safety and clinical profile. EVER001 is our next-generation covalent reversible Bruton’s tyrosine kinase
     (BTK) inhibitor with potential for a range of autoimmune-driven renal diseases. It has improved selectivity while maintaining high
     potency and potentially avoids many of the side effects associated with earlier-generation BTK inhibitors. The latest data results
     showed close to 100% reduction in both the low-dose and high-dose cohorts in anti-PLA2R autoantibody by Week 24 during the
     treatment period; about 80% of 24-hour proteinuria reduction was observed in both cohorts at the end of treatment period (Week
     36). And no clinically meaningful AEs typically associated with BTK inhibitors had been observed. We anticipate sharing one-year
     follow-up data including immunological, clinical remission and safety data in the second half of 2025.


     Within our self-developed mRNA discovery platform, nine patients have been dosed in the investigator-initiated trial (IIT) evaluating
     our personalized mRNA cancer vaccine, EVM16 in advanced or recurrent solid tumors, and a preliminary data readout is expected
     later this year. Meanwhile, we received IND clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and IND filing acceptance
     from China’s CDE for our off-the-shelf tumor-associated antigen (TAA) mRNA vaccine candidate, EVM14, which is designed to treat
     various cancer types, including non-small cell lung cancer and head and neck cancer. This marks Everest’s first dual regulatory
     submission in both the U.S. and China, which is an important accomplishment for our global development strategies. We expect to
     receive IND clearance for EVM14 in China in the second half of this year which will enable us to begin clinical development in China
     by early next year. In parallel, we plan to initiate our U.S. clinical program with first-patient enrollment for EVM14 targeted in the
     second half of 2025. Finally, our in vivo CAR-T program is expected to achieve preclinical candidate selection later this year, setting
     a path toward generating first-in-human data in 2026.




16          Everest Medicines Limited            Interim Report 2025
                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




Commercialization
Our commercial portfolio now includes NEFECON®, XERAVA®, and VELSIPITY®, three products that have strong revenue potential
and strategic market positioning. NEFECON® and XERAVA® generated RMB446 million revenues in the first half of 2025.


We witnessed a significant acceleration in NEFECON® sales following its inclusion in China’s NRDL effective from 1 January 2025.
This growth was driven by the rapid expansion of core hospital coverage, which now includes 800 institutions, representing over
80% of the market potential and is supported by a dedicated team of approximately 160 sales representatives. Implementation
of NRDL pricing across these hospitals progressed quickly, either through formal hospital listing or dual-channel pharmacies, with
approximately 80% of core hospitals adopting NRDL pricing by the end of June. As a result, more than 20,000 new patients initiated
on NEFECON® treatment in the first half of the year.


Support for NEFECON®’s clinical value also continues to grow. China’s first treatment guideline draft for IgAN recommends a 9-month
course of NEFECON for all patients with primary IgAN who are at risk of disease progression, irrespective of proteinuria levels, which
will enable broad utilization by treating physicians. For the first time, the draft guideline introduces disease-modifying treatment,
referring to interventions targeting immune-mediated damage particularly the formation of pathogenic IgA1 (Gd-IgA1), a key driver of
pathogenesis to IgAN, and NEFECON® is recommended as the preferred treatment to reduce Gd-IgA1. Once short-term treatment
goals, namely proteinuria remission (defined as proteinuria < 0.5 g/day, ideally < 0.3 g/day) and stable renal function, are achieved,
low-dose maintenance or repeated safe and effective immunotherapy can be considered together with supportive care to ensure
that eGFR declines by less than 1 ml/min per year. Accordingly, we initiated a unified marketing and disease management strategy
for IgAN, namely “Treat the cause, Treat early, Treat all, Treat long-term,” and is supported by robust data from our global Phase
3 study and subgroup analyses. In addition, we launched multiple real world studies in the first half year including ones on different
combination use scenarios with NEFECON®.


Multiple articles on NEFECON® were published in authoritative medical journals including “Immunomodulatory effects and research
progresses of budesonide enteric-coated capsules in IgA nephropathy” and “Predictive Value of Gd-IgA1, Poly-IgA in the Treatment
of IgA Nephropathy with Targeted Release Formulation-Budesonide” by Prof. Lv Jicheng (Department of Nephrology, Peking
University First Hospital), “Efficacy and safety of TRF-budesonide in IgA nephropathy treatment: a meta-analysis” by Prof. Mao
Zhiguo (Division of Nephrology, Department of Nephrology, Shanghai Changzheng Hospital), “Recent Development in the Diagnosis
and Treatment of IgA Nephropathy” by Prof. Chen Wei (Department of Nephrology, the First Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-sen
University) and “A Targeted-Release Formulation of Budesonide for the Treatment of IgA Nephropathy Patients With Severe Renal
Impairment” by Prof. Jingyuan Xie (Department of Nephrology, School of Medicine, Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai Jiao Tong University).




                                                                                                                                         17
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     We also drove increased penetration of XERAVA®(eravacycline) in our core hospitals, especially those with significant commercial
     market potential, and achieved stable revenue growth, facilitated by an optimized contract sales organization (CSO) model that
     extends access to benefit patients outside of core hospitals and underserved markets. The Chinese breakpoints for eravacycline are
     now fully accepted by CDE and are reflected in the product label. Eravacycline was also included in the Chinese expert consensus
     on the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of Carbapenem-Resistant Enterobacteriaceae (CRE) infection in patients with
     hematological malignancies (2025). Inclusion in these guidelines broadens physician awareness of XERAVA® while also encouraging
     broader product utilization. With the accumulation of clinical experience and the conduct of clinical studies by Chinese doctors,
     the following articles were published in the first six months of 2025. These publications have significantly enhanced awareness and
     provided more references for broader clinical applications.


      Title                                                                Publication Name                         Publication Date


      Multicenter expert consensus on prevention and treatment             Chinese Journal of Bases and                        2025/1
        of infections caused by multi-drug resistant organisms                Clinics in General Surgery
        after liver transplantation
      Chinese expert consensus on the diagnosis and treatment              Chin J Tuberc Respir Dis                            2025/1
        of pneumonia in the elderly (2024 Edition)
      Multi center expert consensus on prevention and treatment of         Chinese Journal of Bases and                        2025/2
        carbapenem resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae infection                  Clinics in General Surgery
        in liver transplantation donors
      National bloodstream infection bacterial resistance surveillance     Chin J Clin Infect Disease                          2025/2
        report (2023): Gram-negative Bacteria
      Intraventricular injection of eravacycline in the treatment of       J Antimicrob Chemother                              2025/3
        carbapenem-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii meningitis:
        a case report
      Population pharmacokinetics and pulmonary modeling                   Antimicrob Agents Chemother                         2025/3
        of eravacycline and the determination of microbiological
        breakpoint and cutoff of PK/PD
      Comparison of disk diffusion, MIC test strip and broth               Clinical Microbiology Infections                    2025/4
        microdilution methods for eravacycline susceptibility testing
      Species Distribution and Antimicrobial Susceptibility of Diverse     Microb Drug Resist.                                 2025/4
        Strains Within Burkholderia cepacia Complex
      In vitro synergistic effect and mutant prevention concentration      J Antibiot (Tokyo)                                  2025/5
        of eravacycline alone or in combination with various
        antibiotics against OXA-48 producing enterobacterales




18            Everest Medicines Limited           Interim Report 2025
                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




 Title                                                                   Publication Name                           Publication Date


 Antibacterial activity of eravacycline against Klebsiella               Microbiol Spectr.                                     2025/5
    pneumoniae isolates: an in vitro study
 Septic shock caused by Elizabethkingia miricola in an elderly           Frontiers in Medicine                                 2025/5
    trauma patient: a case report and systematic literature
    review
 Efficacy of Eravacycline in Comparison with Tigecycline                 Anti-infection Pharmacy                               2025/5
    in Combination Therapy for Carbapenem-Resistant
    Acinetobacter baumannii Pneumonia in Intensive Care Unit
    Patients
 Eravacycline as a last resort for difficult-to-treat resistant          JAC Antimicrob Resist                                 2025/6
    Acinetobacter baumannii infections in critically ill patients:
    three case reports with pharmacokinetic insights
 Chinese expert consensus on the diagnosis, treatment, and               Chin J Hematol                                        2025/6
    prevention of carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae
    (CRE) infection in patients with hematological malignancies
    (2025)
 Efficacy and Safety of Eravacycline Combination Therapy for             Infect Drug Resist.                                   2025/6
    Carbapenem-Resistant Acinetobacter baumannii Pneumonia
    in ICU Patients: A Retrospective Study
 Clinical Outcomes of Eravacycline in Patients Treated for               Infect Dis Therapy                                    2025/6
    Stenotrophomonas maltophilia Infections
 Specifications for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of              Chin J Lab Med, June                                  2025/6
    eravacycline (2025)

VELSIPITY® is now available in nine medical institutions in Guangdong province under the “Hong Kong and Macau Medicine
and Equipment Connect” policy, paving the way for its pending NDA approval in China that is expected in the first half of 2026.
To support broader physician adoption of VESLIPITY®, we have initiated real-world studies in the Greater Bay Area to generate
additional clinical insights and help inform treatment guidance. Following its inclusion in the American Gastroenterological Association
(AGA) clinical practice guideline in December 2024, etrasimod was included in the American College of Gastroenterology (ACG)
clinical guidelines in June 2025, strongly recommended for induction of remission in patients with moderately to severely active UC,
and for maintenance of remission as compared with no treatment after induction of remission with these agents. Furthermore, to
strengthen our VELSIPITY® supply chain, we launched a localized production project at our Jiashan facility with a total investment
of RMB70 million. Once operational, the site will have the capacity to produce up to 5 million bottles of VELSIPITY® annually and
ensure long-term supply reliability.




                                                                                                                                           19
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Commercialization Outlook
     We remain focused on accelerating commercial execution and expanding access to our innovative therapies in the second half of
     2025. We are actively expanding NRDL coverage of NEFECON® across all core hospitals, while simultaneously enhancing physician
     and patient awareness of the “Treat the cause, Treat early, Treat all, Treat long-term” disease management strategy through
     targeted education initiatives and real-world evidence generation. We anticipate NEFECON® to be officially included in the 2025
     revised Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) guidelines, and China’s first national clinical guideline for IgAN. The
     inclusion in these treatment guidelines is expected to position NEFECON as the foundational first-line treatment for patients with
     IgAN by targeting the root cause of the disease. Looking beyond the domestic market, NEFECON® has received full approvals
     across Everest’s licensing territories. We expect overseas contributions to NEFECON® sales to begin making a meaningful impact
     starting in 2026 when reimbursement regimes in Taiwan and South Korea are implemented.


     In August 2025, China’s National Medical Products Administration officially approved the supplemental application for the production
     expansion of NEFECON®. As the first and only etiological treatment for IgAN to receive full approval in China, the United States, and
     Europe, this approval for production expansion will further boost NEFECON® capacity and increase product supply, enabling a more
     efficient response to the growing clinical demand in China and across Asia. The production expansion approval paved the way for a
     significant sales ramp in the second half of 2025. We now expect full year NEFECON® sales to reach RMB1.2 to 1.4 billion.


     We continue to drive deeper penetration of XERAVA® in our covered core hospitals, particularly those with significant market
     potential and strong demand from Intensive Care Units (ICUs). We are further optimizing our CSO model in non-core markets as part
     of our commercial strategy and advancing initiatives to position XERAVA® for earlier-line use. These efforts are aimed to establish
     XERAVA® as an indispensable empirical treatment for multidrug-resistant infections. Full-year revenue guidance of NEFECON® and
     XERAVA® combined is targeted at RMB1.6 to 1.8 billion.


     Preparations for the launch of VELSIPITY® are well underway. In the second half of 2025, we are focused on pre-commercial
     activities and generating real-world evidence in the Greater Bay Area, laying the foundation for successful entry into the Chinese
     market in the first half of 2026, upon receiving NMPA approval.


     Discovery
     The first half of 2025 marked a highly productive and critical period for both our dual-engine approach and our mRNA platform
     including mRNA therapeutic cancer vaccines and in vivo CAR-T platform, and reflected our strong execution and sustained
     innovation across our pipeline. In June, we hosted the “2025 Everest Medicines mRNA Platform R&D Day” in Shanghai to showcase
     breakthroughs and key milestones in our proprietary AI-powered mRNA platform and its three leading pipeline assets in cancer and
     autoimmune disease.




20          Everest Medicines Limited           Interim Report 2025
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




In our personalized cancer vaccine (PCV) program, nine cancer patients with advanced disease were successfully dosed in our
investigator-initiated trial (IIT) for EVM16, a personalized mRNA vaccine that is powered by our proprietary neoantigen predication
algorithm, EVER-NEO-1, and third-generation mRNA sequence design. EVM16 encodes individualized tumor-specific neoantigens
encapsulated within lipid nanoparticles (LNPs) to activate a targeted T-cell immune response. Early clinical data demonstrated
strong immunogenicity and neoantigen-specific T-cell activation, even at a low starting dose, which validates our EVER-NEO-1
algorithm and reinforces confidence in our personalized mRNA cancer vaccine strategy.


We also gained regulatory momentum by receiving FDA IND clearance and CDE IND filing acceptance for EVM14, our off-the-shelf
TAA mRNA cancer vaccine. EVM14 targets five TAAs highly expressed in multiple types of squamous cell carcinomas including
non small cell lung cancer and head and neck cancer. In June, we completed the successful release of the first clinical batch of
EVM14 at our Jiashan manufacturing site, which will support the clinical trials in both China and the U.S, and we remain on track to
deliver this first batch to U.S. clinical centers later this year. The release marks another milestone in advancing Everest’s proprietary
mRNA platform with end-to-end capabilities spanning antigen design, LNP-based delivery, CMC process development, and GMP
manufacturing, laying a solid foundation for future pipeline and commercialization. We expect clinical data readouts from this
program in 2026.


Our mRNA in vivo CAR-T platform also made notable progress in the first half of 2025. Based on our proprietary targeted LNP (tLNP)
delivery system, the in vivo CAR-T program offers key advantages over traditional CAR-T therapy including off-the-shelf availability,
dose controllability, and lymphodepletion-free administration. Preclinical data in humanized mouse models and non-human primates
showed high T-cell transfection rates, strong CAR expression, and effective B-cell depletion. This modality, while still in early stages,
is a potentially disruptive innovation with advantages in patient accessibility, manufacturing, and scalability.


Looking ahead to the second half of 2025, we expect to reach multiple important milestones across our mRNA cancer vaccine
pipeline and in vivo CAR-T platform. EVM16, our personalized cancer vaccine, is on track to complete Part Ia patient enrollment and
deliver preliminary human data on safety and immunogenicity. For EVM14, we anticipate dosing first patient in U.S. and securing
IND approval from China’s NMPA. Preclinical studies for immune-modulatory cancer vaccine is ongoing and expects to achieve
preclinical proof of concept in 2025. In parallel, our in vivo CAR-T platform is expected to achieve candidate selection, setting a clear
path toward generating first-in-human data in 2026.




                                                                                                                                            21
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Business Development
     In 2025, our business development strategy remains sharply focused on first-in-class or best-in-class assets within high-value, less
     crowded therapeutic areas — particularly renal diseases, autoimmune disorders, and anti-infectives.


     On the in-licensing front, we will continue to pursue commercial or near-commercial stage assets where we can leverage our
     established commercial platform in China to create operational synergies and build scale. At the same time, we remain actively
     engaged in identifying earlier-stage assets with global rights, where we can rapidly deliver clinical proof-of-concept (POC) data and
     generate substantial shareholder value.


     On the out-licensing side, we are actively exploring global partnership opportunities for our innovative assets with global rights.
     These include EVER001 (civorebrutinib), our next-generation covalent reversible BTK inhibitor, which will soon complete one-year
     follow-up data in patients with pMN, with a data readout from the Phase 1b/2a trial expected in September. Given its promising
     safety and clinical profile, EVER001 has the potential to advance into the next clinical phase for pMN and support a basket trial
     across multiple autoimmune renal diseases, which could accelerate development and broaden its commercial reach. The mRNA
     platform-based therapeutic cancer vaccine programs EVM16 (personalized cancer vaccine) and EVM14 (TAA vaccine) are expected
     to generate key preliminary human data in the second half of this year and the first half of next year, respectively, laying a solid
     foundation for potential global partnerships. We are also advancing our in vivo CAR-T program, which is on track to demonstrate
     proof-of-concept in non-human primates (NHPs), which may create a pathway to future global partnership opportunities. We believe
     that strategic global partnerships will be key to maximizing the long-term value of our pipeline innovations.


     In August 2025, we were very pleased to make a strategic equity investment in I-Mab, a company listed on the Nasdaq Global
     Market. With an investment of US$30.9 million, Everest increased its ownership to approximately 16.1% of the total issued share
     capital of I-Mab, inclusive of ordinary shares already held by Everest, making us I-Mab’s largest single shareholder. I-Mab is a global
     biotechnology company focused on precision immunotherapy for cancer. This strategic equity investment in I-Mab further advances
     our global pipeline of next-generation immuno-oncology therapies and marks a key step in Everest’s strategic expansion into the
     field. Both parties are expected to leverage their respective expertise in China and the United States to collaborate on future clinical
     development and business expansion.




22          Everest Medicines Limited            Interim Report 2025
                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




FINANCIAL REVIEW
For the Six Months Ended 30 June 2025 Compared to Six Months Ended 30 June 2024

                                                                              For the Six Months Ended 30 June
                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                                 (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)
                                                                                    (RMB in thousands)


 Revenue                                                                             446,123             301,517
 Cost of revenue                                                                    (146,728)             (70,438)


 Gross profit                                                                        299,395             231,079
 General and administrative expenses                                                (110,795)             (86,998)
 Research and development expenses                                                  (195,223)            (253,159)
 Distribution and selling expenses                                                  (314,748)            (200,389)
 Other income                                                                         11,282               6,730
 Other gains/(losses) — net                                                           47,529             (369,020)


 Operating loss                                                                     (262,560)            (671,757)
 Finance income — net                                                                 12,770              34,228
 Fair value change in financial instruments issued to investors                            –               5,116


 Loss before income tax                                                             (249,790)            (632,413)
 Income tax expense                                                                        –                     –
 Loss for the period attributable to the equity holders of the Company              (249,790)            (632,413)
 Other comprehensive income                                                            8,166              19,822
 Total comprehensive loss for the period attributable to the equity holders
   of the Company                                                                   (241,624)            (612,591)


 Non-IFRS measure:
 Adjusted loss for the period                                                       (146,937)            (212,628)




                                                                                                                     23
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     1.   Overview
          For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group generated revenue of RMB446.1 million as compared with RMB301.5
          million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. This substantial increase was primarily attributable to the strong sales
          performance of NEFECON® in mainland China and continuing ramp-up of the commercialized products.


          Gross profit margin decreased from 76.6% for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to 67.1% for the six months ended 30
          June 2025, and gross profit margin excluding intangible assets amortization decreased from 83.0% for the six months ended
          30 June 2024 to 76.4% for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The decrease was mainly due to NRDL price reduction of
          NEFECON® in mainland China and the optimisation of product costs.


          The general and administrative expenses were RMB110.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 as compared with
          RMB87.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. The R&D expenses were RMB195.2 million for the six months
          ended 30 June 2025, as compared with RMB253.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. The distribution and
          selling expenses were RMB314.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 as compared with RMB200.4 million for
          the six months ended 30 June 2024. The ratio of total operating expenses (including general and administrative expenses,
          research and development expenses, and distribution and selling expenses) to sales decreased by 40.1 percentage points,
          reflecting business and operation efficiency improvement and the strategic allocation of resources.


          For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group recorded a loss of RMB249.8 million as compared with RMB632.4 million
          for the six months ended 30 June 2024.


          Cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits amounted to RMB1,585.9 million as of 30 June 2025 as compared with
          RMB1,603.3 million as of 31 December 2024.


     2.   Revenue
          For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group generated revenue of RMB446.1 million.


          The revenue growth was primarily attributable to continuing ramp-up of NEFECON® and XERAVA® in the commercialized
          markets.


          In China market, the inclusion of NEFECON® in the NRDL and served as a key growth driver, leading to a substantial increase
          in NEFECON®’s revenue for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The continued deepening of XERAVA®’s market penetration
          contributed to sustained revenue growth. Meanwhile, NEFECON® achieved milestone with its successful launch in Taiwan.


          In markets outside of China, VELSIPITY® was successfully introduced to the Singapore market in the first half of 2025. These
          achievements highlight the Group’s progress in expanding its international presence and enhance medicine accessibility.




24        Everest Medicines Limited           Interim Report 2025
                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.   R&D Expenses
     The Group’s R&D expenses decreased from RMB253.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB195.2 million
     for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The Company remains committed to strategic R&D resource allocation, which drives
     pipeline optimization, rationalizing select focused projects to maximize long-term value creation.


     The following table sets forth the components of our R&D expenses for the periods indicated:


                                                                                           For the Six Months Ended 30 June
                                                                                                          2025            2024
                                                                                               (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)
                                                                                                   (RMB in thousands)


      Employee benefit expenses                                                                     112,865             105,686
      Research, clinical trial and test expenses                                                     39,923             105,188
      Depreciation and amortisation                                                                  26,456              26,312
      Professional expenses                                                                           5,724               4,807
      Office and travelling expenses                                                                  9,501              10,967
      Others                                                                                               754             199


      Total                                                                                         195,223             253,159


4.   Distribution and Selling Expenses
     Our distribution and selling expenses increased from RMB200.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB314.7
     million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. This increase was primarily driven by: (i) NEFECON®’s inclusion in China’s
     NRDL and its full approval across Asia regions, the Company proactively increased the coverage in medical institutions,
     academic promotion and medical education; and (ii) expanded commercial activities to support XERAVA®’s market
     penetration.


5.   General and Administrative Expenses
     Our general and administrative expenses rose from RMB87.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB110.8
     million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. This increase was primarily attributable to an increase in the number of
     employees, reflecting targeted talent investments to support pipeline development and market expansion, in line with our
     strategic growth initiative.




                                                                                                                                  25
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     6.   Other Income
          Other income increased from RMB6.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB11.3 million for the six months
          ended 30 June 2025, primarily attributable to an increase in government grants received.


     7.   Other gains/(losses) — Net
          The Group’s other gains was RMB47.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, compared to other losses of
          RMB369.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. This change was primarily due to the gain from variable
          consideration received for disposal of IMMU32 for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and an impairment loss arising from
          an intangible asset related to mRNA COVID-19 vaccines for the six months ended 30 June 2024.


     8.   Operating Loss
          The operating loss of the Group decreased from RMB671.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB262.6
          million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. This decrease was primarily due to the robust sales growth of commercialized
          products, enhanced operational efficiency and a one-off impairment charge (non-recurring item) on mRNA COVID-19 vaccine-
          related intangible assets for the six months ended 30 June 2024.


     9.   Finance Income — Net
          The Group’s finance income decreased from RMB34.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB12.8 million for
          the six months ended 30 June 2025, primarily due to change in interest income from bank deposits.


     10. Income Tax Expense
          The Company did not incur any income tax expense for the six months ended 30 June 2025 or for the six months ended 30
          June 2024.


     11. Loss for the Period Attributable to the Equity Holders of the Company
          The loss for the six months attributable to equity holders of the Company decreased from RMB632.4 million for the six
          months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB249.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. This decrease was primarily due
          to the robust sales growth of commercialized products, enhanced operational efficiency and a one-off impairment charge
          (non-recurring item) on mRNA COVID-19 vaccine-related intangible assets for the six months ended 30 June 2024.


     12. Other Comprehensive Income
          Other comprehensive income for the six months ended 30 June 2025 was RMB8.2 million, compared to other comprehensive
          income of RMB19.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. This decrease was primarily due to increased losses from
          foreign currency translation, offset by the increase in the fair value of equity investments designated at fair value through other
          comprehensive income.




26        Everest Medicines Limited             Interim Report 2025
                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




13. Total Comprehensive Loss for the Period Attributable to the Equity Holders of the Company
    As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s loss for the six months ended 30 June 2025 was RMB241.6 million, compared to a
    loss of RMB612.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024.


14. Non-IFRS Measure
    To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements, which are presented in accordance with the IFRS, the Group
    also uses adjusted loss for the six-month period, which is not required by, or presented in accordance with, the IFRS. The
    Company believes that the adjusted loss for the six-month period provides useful information to Shareholders and potential
    investors in understanding and evaluating the Group’s consolidated results of operations.


    Adjusted loss for the six-month period represents the loss for the Reporting Period attributable to the equity holders of the
    Company excluding the effect of certain non-cash items, namely gain on fair value changes in financial instruments issued to
    investors, share-based compensation expenses, impairment of an intangible asset, and amortization of intangible assets. The
    term adjusted loss for the six-month period is not defined under the IFRS. The use of this non-IFRS measure has limitations
    as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation from, or as a substitute for analysis of, the Group’s results of
    operations or financial condition as reported under IFRS. The Company’s presentation of such an adjusted figure may not be
    comparable to a similarly titled measure presented by other companies. However, the Company believes that this measure
    is a reflection of the Group’s normal operating results by eliminating potential impacts of items that the management do not
    consider to be indicative of the Group’s operating performance, and thus facilitate comparisons of operating performance
    from period to period and company to company to the extent applicable.


    The table below sets forth a reconciliation of the loss for the six month period attributable to the equity holders of the
    Company to adjusted loss for the six month period during the periods indicated:


                                                                                           For the Six Months Ended 30 June
                                                                                                       2025                    2024
                                                                                                (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                                                                   (RMB in thousands)


     Loss for the period attributable to the equity holders of the Company                         (249,790)                (632,413)


     Added:
     Gain on fair value changes in financial instruments issued to investors                               –                  (5,116)
     Share-based compensation expenses                                                               61,604                  49,385
     Impairment of an intangible asset                                                                     –                356,340
     Amortization of intangible assets                                                               41,249                  19,176
     Adjusted loss for the period                                                                  (146,937)                (212,628)




                                                                                                                                          27
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     15. Liquidity and Source of Funding
         As of 30 June 2025, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents plus bank deposits decreased to RMB1,585.9 million from
         RMB1,603.3 million as of 31 December 2024. The decrease primarily resulted from net cash used in our operating activities
         and net proceeds from bank loans.


         As of 30 June 2025, the current assets of the Group were RMB1,951.8 million, including cash and cash equivalents and bank
         deposits of RMB1,585.9 million and other current assets of RMB365.9 million. As of 30 June 2025, the current liabilities of the
         Group were RMB357.7 million, including trade and other payables of RMB262.5 million, borrowings of RMB52.5 million, lease
         liabilities of RMB16.4 million and financial instruments issued to investors of RMB26.3 million.


         Operating Activities

         Net cash used in our operating activities for the six months ended 30 June 2025 was RMB181.5 million. Our net loss was
         RMB249.8 million for the same period. The difference between our loss before income tax and our net cash used in operating
         activities was primarily attributable to (i) depreciation and amortization in the amount of RMB77.7 million; (ii) share-based
         compensation in the amount of RMB61.6 million; (iii) other income for license fee in the amount of RMB35.9 million which was
         classified as investing activities; and (iv) changes in working capital.


         Net cash used in our operating activities for the six months ended 30 June 2024 was RMB414.9 million. Our net loss was
         RMB632.4 million for the same period. The difference between our loss before income tax and our net cash used in operating
         activities was primarily attributable to (i) depreciation and amortization in the amount of RMB54.4 million; (ii) share-based
         compensation in the amount of RMB49.4 million; (iii) finance income in the amount of RMB35.6 million which was classified as
         investing activities; (iv) impairment loss of an intangible asset in the amount of RMB356.3 million; and (v) changes in working
         capital.


         Investing Activities

         Net cash generated from investing activities for the six months ended 30 June 2025 was RMB423.7 million, primarily
         attributable to (i) net cash inflow from the disposal of bank deposits of RMB450.1 million; (ii) variable consideration received for
         disposal of IMMU32 of RMB35.9 million; and (iii) the partial offset by purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible
         asset of RMB62.3 million.


         Net cash generated from investing activities for the six months ended 30 June 2024 was RMB447.7 million, primarily
         attributable to (i) net cash inflow from the disposal of bank deposits of RMB545.7 million; and (ii) the partial offset by purchase
         of property, plant and equipment and intangible asset of RMB98.3 million.




28        Everest Medicines Limited             Interim Report 2025
                                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis




    Financing Activities

    Net cash generated from financing activities for the six months ended 30 June 2025 was RMB171.6 million, primarily
    attributable to (i) net proceeds from bank loans of RMB159.8 million; (ii) proceeds from exercise of share options of RMB33.7
    million; and (iii) the net off by principle and interest elements of lease liabilities of RMB11.7 million and interests paid for bank
    loans of RMB10.0 million.


    Net cash generated from financing activities for the six months ended 30 June 2024 was RMB15.6 million, primarily
    attributable to (i) proceeds from bank loans of RMB29.5 million; and (ii) the net off by principle and interest elements of lease
    liabilities of RMB10.5 million.


16. Treasury Policy
    Our cash is invested solely in relatively liquid and low-risk instruments, such as bank deposits or money market instruments.
    The primary objective of our investment strategy is to generate finance income at a yield higher than the interest rate of current
    bank deposits, while emphasising the preservation of principal and maintenance of liquidity.


17. Key Financial Ratios
    The following table sets forth the key financial ratios for the periods indicated:


                                                                                                                     As at 30 June
                                                                                                                     2025            2024


         Current ratio(1)                                                                                             5.46           4.68


    Note:


    1.        Current ratio is calculated using current assets divided by current liabilities as of the same date.



    Gearing ratio is calculated using interest-bearing borrowings less bank balances and cash, divided by total equity and
    multiplied by 100%. As at 30 June 2025, the Group was in a net cash position and thus, gearing ratio is not applicable.


18. Significant Investments
    The Group did not make or hold any significant investments (including any investment in an investee company with a value of 5%
    or more of the Company’s total assets as of 30 June 2025) during the six months ended 30 June 2025.




                                                                                                                                            29
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     19. Material Acquisitions and Disposals
         The Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures during the six
         months ended 30 June 2025.


     20. Future Plans for Material Investments or Capital Asset
         The construction of the Jiashan manufacturing site has been completed, and the majority of the facility and equipment
         installations have also been finalized. Additionally, in the first half of 2025, the Company initiated a new project to localize the
         production of VELSIPITY® at Jiashan manufacturing site, which will be funded through the Company’s internal resources and/
         or banking facility.


     21. Pledge of Assets
         As at 30 June 2025, the Jiashan manufacturing facility and office has been pledged to secure the banking facility offered to
         the Group.


     22. Contingent Liabilities
         The Group had no material contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2025.


     23. Foreign Exchange Exposure
         The Company’s functional currency is United States Dollars, the functional currency of the Company’s subsidiaries in China
         is Renminbi. During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group mainly operated in China, and the majority of the
         transactions were settled in RMB, the same as the functional currency of the operating entities. Our financial assets and
         liabilities are subject to foreign currency risk as a result of certain borrowings and trade and other payables denominated in
         non-functional currency. Therefore, the fluctuations in the exchange rate of functional currency against non-functional currency
         could affect our results of operations. As at 30 June 2025, except for the borrowings denominated in foreign currencies, the
         Group did not have significant foreign currency exposure from its operations. We did not enter into any hedging transactions
         to manage the potential fluctuation in foreign currency as at 30 June 2025.




30        Everest Medicines Limited            Interim Report 2025
                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis




24. Employees and Remuneration Policies
    As at 30 June 2025, we employed a total of 722 (as at 30 June 2024: 520) employees, with 708 based in China, 8 based in
    the United States, 2 based in Singapore and 4 based in Korea, including a total of 43 employees with a Ph.D. degree or an M.D.
    degree.


    The following table sets forth a breakdown of our employees by function as at 30 June 2025:


                                                                                                Number               % of Total


      Function
      Business Development                                                                             4                   0.6%
      Clinical Development                                                                            66                   9.1%
      Commercialization                                                                              493                 68.3%
      Chemistry, Manufacturing, and Controls                                                          62                   8.6%
      Discovery                                                                                       34                   4.7%
      Operations and Administrative                                                                   63                   8.7%


      Total                                                                                          722                100.0%


    The remuneration of the employees of the Group comprises salaries, bonuses, social security contributions and other welfare
    payments. In accordance with applicable Chinese laws, we have made contributions to social security insurance funds
    (including pension plans, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, unemployment insurance and maternity insurance)
    and housing funds for our employees.


    Employees are important resources for the Group’s sustainable operation and steady development. The Company has
    formulated policies related to employees’ remuneration, rights and interests and conducted various staff training, details of
    which are further set out in the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” published on the same date as the 2024
    Annual Report.


    The Company has also adopted share schemes to provide incentives for the Group’s employees. Please refer to the section
    headed “Shares Schemes” on pages 38 to 42 in this interim report for further details.


    The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2025 was RMB350.2 million, as
    compared to RMB281.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024.


25. Continuing disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules
    The Company does not have any continuing disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules in
    respect of the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                                     31
     Corporate Governance and Other Information



     COMPLIANCE WITH THE CG CODE
     The Board is committed to achieve high corporate governance standards. The Board believes that high corporate governance
     standards are essential in providing a framework for the Group to safeguard the interests of Shareholders and to enhance corporate
     value and accountability.


     The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions of the CG Code contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as
     the basis of the Company’s corporate governance practices. During the Reporting Period, the Company had complied with all
     applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code.


     The Company will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance with the CG
     Code, and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY
     DIRECTORS
     The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own to regulate all dealings by
     Directors and relevant employees in securities of the Company and other matters covered by the Model Code.


     Specific enquiry has been made to all the Directors regarding their compliance with the Model Code during the Reporting Period
     and up to the Latest Practicable Date. Save as disclosed above, no incident of non-compliance of the Model Code by any Director
     or relevant employee during the Reporting has been noted by the Company.


     AUDIT COMMITTEE
     The Company established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules and
     the CG Code. During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee comprised three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr.
     Yifan Li, Mr. Shidong Jiang and Ms. Hoi Yam Chui. Mr. Yifan Li (being the independent non-executive Director with the appropriate
     professional qualifications) is the chairperson of the Audit Committee.


     The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited interim results of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and this
     interim report, and has met with the independent auditor, Ernst & Young. The Audit Committee has also reviewed the accounting
     policies and practices adopted by the Company and discussed auditing, risk management, internal control and financial reporting
     matters with senior management members of the Company.


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale
     of treasury shares) during the Reporting Period. As at 30 June 2025, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.




32          Everest Medicines Limited           Interim Report 2025
                                                              Corporate Governance and Other Information




USE OF PROCEEDS FROM GLOBAL OFFERING
The Shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on 9 October 2020 with a total of 73,079,000 offer Shares (including Shares issued
as a result of the full exercise of the over-allotment option) issued and the net proceeds raised during the Global Offering were
approximately HK$3,795 million. Save as disclosed in the note in the same section of the 2022 annual report of the Company, there
was no change in the intended use of net proceeds as previously disclosed in the Prospectus in the upcoming 12 months.


Set out below is the status of use of proceeds from the Global Offering as at 30 June 2025.


                                                                                                                           Utilised
                                                                                           Utilised                         for the     Unutilised
                                                                                       for the year     Unutilised     six months          amount
                                                                                            ended            as at          ended            as at
                                                              % of             Net    31 December     31 December         30 June         30 June
                                                             use of      proceeds             2024            2024            2025            2025
 Purpose                                                   proceeds   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)


 Funding ongoing and planned clinical trials (including
    any potential clinical studies for new indications
    if appropriate), preparation for registration
    filings and other steps or activities related to
    commercialization (including provision of scientific
    and clinical support by medical affairs team, key
    opinion leader development, strategic planning
    and market access analysis) of eravacycline, one
    of our Core Drug Candidates                                15%             569              90               –               –               –


 Funding ongoing and planned clinical trials (including
    any potential clinical studies for new indications
    if appropriate), preparation for registration
    filings and other steps or activities related to
    commercialization (including provision of scientific
    and clinical support by medical affairs team, key
    opinion leader development, strategic planning
    and market access analysis) of etrasimod, one of
    our Core Drug Candidates                                   15%             569              93             176              74             102


 Funding ongoing and planned clinical trials,
    preparation for registration filings and potential
    commercialization of sacituzumab govitecan-hziy            20%             759               –               –               –               –



                                                                                                                                                      33
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




                                                                                                                                    Utilised
                                                                                                    Utilised                         for the     Unutilised
                                                                                                for the year     Unutilised     six months          amount
                                                                                                     ended            as at          ended            as at
                                                                       % of             Net    31 December     31 December         30 June         30 June
                                                                      use of      proceeds             2024            2024            2025            2025
      Purpose                                                      proceeds    (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)


      Funding ongoing and planned clinical trials,
        preparation for registration filings and potential
        commercialization of NEFECON®                                  10%              380               –               –               –               –


      Funding ongoing and planned clinical trials,
        preparation for registration filings and potential
        commercialization of other drug candidates in our
        pipeline                                                       15%              569               –               –               –               –


      Funding our business development activities and the
        expansion of our drug pipeline. To further expand
        our portfolio, we will continue to bring in high
        value and differentiated innovative assets with
        attractive risk-return profiles for our four current
        core therapeutic areas                                         15%              569               –               –               –               –


      Working capital and general and administrative
        purposes                                                       10%              380               –               –               –               –


      Total                                                           100%            3,795             183             176              74             102


     The Company expects to gradually apply the remaining unutilized proceeds in accordance with the intended purposes and fully
     utilize the proceeds by the first half of 2026. This expected timeline is based on best estimation on future market conditions and
     business operations made by the Company, and remains subject to changes based on current and future development of market
     conditions and actual business needs.




34            Everest Medicines Limited                        Interim Report 2025
                                                                       Corporate Governance and Other Information




DIVIDENDS
The Board did not recommend the distribution of an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2025 (for the six months
ended 30 June 2024: Nil).


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS
IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR
ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As at 30 June 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors or chief executives of the Company in any of the Shares,
underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:


                                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                            Number of           percentage of         Long position/
  Name of Director                     Capacity/Nature of interest                                                Shares               holding  (6)
                                                                                                                                                      Short position


  Mr. Wei Fu(1)                        Founder of a discretionary trust who can                             84,883,427                   25.90%       Long position
                                           influence how the trustee exercises
                                           his discretion
  Mr. Yongqing Luo         (2)
                                       Beneficial owner                                                     11,265,909                     3.44%      Long position
  Mr. Ian Ying Woo        (3)
                                       Beneficial owner                                                       3,610,276                    1.10%      Long position
  Mr. Shidong Jiang         (4)
                                       Beneficial owner                                                           40,000                   0.01%      Long position
  Mr. Yifan Li(5)                      Beneficial owner                                                           40,000                   0.01%      Long position

Notes:


(1)      The sole shareholder of C-Bridge Investment Everest Limited is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P. whose general partner is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP II, L.P.
         The general partner of C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP II, L.P. is C-Bridge Capital GP, Ltd., whose controlling shareholders are TF Capital, Ltd. and TF Capital II, Ltd.,
         both of which under the control of CBC Group Investment Management, Ltd., which is further indirectly controlled by Nova Aqua Limited. C-Bridge IV Investment
         Two Limited is wholly owned by C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P. The General Partner of C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P. is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP IV,
         L.P. The general partner of C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP IV, L.P. is C-Bridge Capital GP IV, Ltd., which is owned as to 71.05% by TF Capital IV Ltd., a wholly
         owned subsidiary of Nova Aqua Limited, and 28.95% by Nova Aqua Limited. Everest Management Holding Co., Ltd. is owned as to 86.7% by C-Bridge Joint Value
         Creation Limited. C-Bridge Joint Value Creation Limited is wholly-owned by Nova Aqua Limited. The entire interest in Nova Aqua Limited is held by Vistra Trust
         (Singapore) Pte. Limited as trustee for a trust established by Mr. Wei Fu (as settlor) for the benefit of Mr. Wei Fu and his family.


(2)      Mr. Yongqing Luo’s entitlement to receive up to (i) 960,920 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options with exercise price at HK$55.61, (ii) 4,700,000 Shares
         pursuant to the exercise of options with exercise price at HK$10.084, (iii) 1,559,349 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options with exercise price at HK$15.632
         and (iv) 1,901,560 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options with exercise price at HK$22.54, under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, subject to the conditions
         of those options. Mr. Yongqing Luo is also entitled to receive up to (i) 205,911 Shares pursuant to the performance target awards granted to him under the Pre-
         IPO ESOP , and (ii) 418,272 Shares pursuant to the performance target awards granted to him under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme. Details of the options and
         awards granted to this Director are set out in the section headed “Share Schemes” below.




                                                                                                                                                                                  35
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




     (3)     Mr. Ian Ying Woo’s entitlement to receive up to (i) 110,000 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options under the Pre-IPO Share Schemes, and (ii) 2,501,272 Shares
             pursuant to the exercise of options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, subject to the conditions of those options. The exercise prices of these options are
             USD2.26 (up to 110,000 Shares), HK$72.49 (up to 338,403 Shares), HK$15.632 (up to 779,675 Shares), HK$22.54 (up to 950,780 Shares) and HK$55,61 (up
             to 432,414 Shares). Mr. Woo is also entitled to receive up to (i) 255,802 Shares and (ii) 120,728 Shares under Post-IPO Share Award Scheme and Pre-IPO ESOP
             respectively, subject to the conditions of those performance target awards. Details of the options and awards granted to this Director are set out in the section
             headed “Share Schemes” below.


     (4)     Mr. Shidong Jiang’s entitlement to receive up to 40,000 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, subject to the
             conditions of those options. The exercise price of these options are HKD72.49 (up to 20,000 Shares) and HKD23.17 (up to 20,000 Shares). Details of the options
             and awards granted to this Director are set out in the section headed “Share Schemes” below .


     (5)     Mr. Yifan Li’s entitlement to receive up to 40,000 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, subject to the conditions
             of those options. The exercise price of these options are HKD72.49 (up to 20,000 Shares) and HKD23.17 (up to 20,000 Shares). Details of the options and awards
             granted to this Director are set out in the section headed “Share Schemes” below.


     (6)     The calculation is based on the total number of 327,713,384 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2025.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2025, none of the Directors or chief executives of the Company had or was deemed
     to have any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
     corporations.


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
     SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
     As at 30 June 2025, so far as the Directors are aware, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executives of the
     Company) had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to
     be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                               Number of         percentage of          Long position/
       Name of Shareholder                               Capacity/Nature of interest                               Shares               holding(3)      Short position


       VISTRA TRUST (SINGAPORE)                          Trustee and other                                     84,883,427                 25.90%        Long position
           PTE. LIMITED(1)
       Nova Aqua Limited(1)                              Interest in a controlled corporation                  84,883,427                 25.90%        Long position
       TF Capital, Ltd.        (1)
                                                         Interest in a controlled corporation                  40,468,000                 12.35%        Long position
       TF Capital II Ltd.(1)                             Interest in a controlled corporation                  40,468,000                 12.35%        Long position
       C-Bridge Capital GP, Ltd.(1)(2)                   Interest in a controlled corporation                  40,468,000                 12.35%        Long position
       C-Bridge Healthcare Fund                          Interest in a controlled corporation                  40,468,000                 12.35%        Long position
           GP II, L.P.   (1)


       C-Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P.(1)              Interest in a controlled corporation                  40,468,000                 12.35%        Long position
       C-Bridge Investment Everest                       Beneficial owner                                      40,468,000                 12.35%        Long position
           Limited (1)




36            Everest Medicines Limited                     Interim Report 2025
                                                                       Corporate Governance and Other Information




                                                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                                                  Number of          percentage of           Long position/
  Name of Shareholder                                  Capacity/Nature of interest                                     Shares                   holding(3)   Short position


  Dan Yang(2)                                          Interest in a controlled corporation                      40,468,000                      12.35%      Long position
  Kang Hua Investment Company                          Interest in a controlled corporation                      40,468,000                      12.35%      Long position
      Limited  (2)


  C-Bridge Capital GP IV, Ltd.(1)                      Interest in a controlled corporation                      22,732,260                        6.94%     Long position
  C-Bridge Healthcare Fund                             Interest in a controlled corporation                      22,732,260                        6.94%     Long position
      GP IV, L.P.          (1)


  C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P.(1)                 Interest in a controlled corporation                      22,732,260                        6.94%     Long position
  TF Capital IV Ltd.                                   Interest in a controlled corporation                      22,732,260                        6.94%     Long position
  C-Bridge IV Investment Two                           Beneficial owner                                          22,732,260                        6.94%     Long position
      Limited  (1)


  C-Bridge Joint Value Creation                        Interest in a controlled corporation                      21,683,167                        6.62%     Long position
      Limited  (1)


  Everest Management Holding                           Beneficial owner                                          21,683,167                        6.62%     Long position
      Co., Ltd.      (1)



Notes:


(1)      The sole shareholder of C-Bridge Investment Everest Limited is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P. whose general partner is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP II, L.P.
         The general partner of C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP II, L.P. is C-Bridge Capital GP, Ltd., whose controlling shareholders are TF Capital, Ltd. and TF Capital II, Ltd.,
         both of which under the control of CBC Group Investment Management, Ltd., which is further indirectly controlled by Nova Aqua Limited. C-Bridge IV Investment
         Two Limited is wholly owned by C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P. The General Partner of C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P. is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP IV,
         L.P. The general partner of C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP IV, L.P. is C-Bridge Capital GP IV, Ltd., which is owned as to 71.05% by TF Capital IV Ltd., a wholly
         owned subsidiary of Nova Aqua Limited, and 28.95% by Nova Aqua Limited. Everest Management Holding Co., Ltd. is owned as to 86.7% by C-Bridge Joint Value
         Creation Limited. C-Bridge Joint Value Creation Limited is wholly-owned by Nova Aqua Limited. The entire interest in Nova Aqua Limited is held by Vistra Trust
         (Singapore) Pte. Limited as trustee for a trust established by Mr. Wei Fu (as settlor) for the benefit of Mr. Wei Fu and his family.


(2)      TF Capital, Ltd. has controlling interest in C-Bridge Capital GP, Ltd.. Kang Hua Investment Company Limited has controlling interest in TF Capital, Ltd.. Ms. Dan
         Yang is the sole shareholder of Kang Hua Investment Company Limited.


(3)      The calculation is based on the total number of 327,713,384 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2025.


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2025, no other person (other than the Directors or chief executives of the Company) had an
interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which were required to be disclosed to the Company
under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were required to be entered in the register required to be
kept under section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                                                                                                                  37
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




     SHARE SCHEME
     The Company has four existing share schemes, namely the Pre-IPO MSOP, Pre-IPO ESOP, Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and
     the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme, which were all adopted before the effective date of the new Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules on
     1 January 2023. The Company has complied, and will continue to comply, with the new Chapter 17 to the extent required by the
     transitional arrangements for the existing share schemes.


     6,153,660 new Shares, representing approximately 1.88% of the weighted average number of Shares (excluding treasury shares) for
     the Reporting Period, may be issued in respect of options and awards granted during the Reporting Period to eligible participants
     pursuant to all of the share schemes. The details of each share scheme are set out below.


     PRE-IPO SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS
     1.    PRE-IPO MSOP
           As at 1 January 2025 and 30 June 2025, the Company had no outstanding options under the Pre-IPO MSOP.


     2.    PRE-IPO ESOP
           As at 30 June 2025, the Company had outstanding options under the Pre-IPO ESOP to subscribe for an aggregate of
           187,995 Shares granted to 7 grantees (including Directors, senior management, other connected persons and employees
           of the Company) and unvested Pre-IPO ESOP RSUs representing an aggregate of 3,621,978 Shares granted to 215
           grantees (including Directors, senior management, other connected persons and employees of the Company). Details of the
           outstanding options and unvested awards under the Pre-IPO ESOP during the Reporting Period are as follows:


           Options


                                                                                                                                                                                     Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                       average
                                                                                                                                                                                        closing
                                                                                                                                                                                       price of
                                                                                                                                                                                    the Shares
                                                                                                                                                                                   immediately
                                                                                                              Outstanding    Exercised    Cancelled      Lapsed     Outstanding          before
                                                                                                  Exercise           as at   during the   during the   during the          as at    the date of
                                                                    Vesting       Exercise           Price      1 January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting        30 June       exercise
            Name                         Date of Grant              Period        Period             (US$)           2025        Period       Period       Period          2025         (HK$)(5)

            Director
            Mr. Ian Ying Woo             16 July 2020               4 years (1)   7 years from        2.26        110,000           —            —            —         110,000             N/A
                                                                                    the date of
                                                                                    grant

            Other grantees by category
            Employee Participants        Between 31 December        4 years       7 years from    0.18-3.24        88,995       11,000           —            —          77,995           50.45
                                           2018 and 31 July 2020                    the date of
                                                                                    grant

            Total                                                                                                 198,995       11,000           —            —         187,995



38         Everest Medicines Limited                               Interim Report 2025
                                                                                          Corporate Governance and Other Information




RSUs


                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               average
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           closing price
                                                                                                                                                                          Fair value                      Closing price    of the Shares
                                                                                                                                                                               of the                     of the Shares    immediately
                                                                                             Unvested      Granted       Vested    Cancelled      Lapsed     Unvested    awards at                         immediately       before the
                                                                                                 as at   during the   during the   during the   during the       as at   the date of                        before the          date of
                                                   Vesting                        Purchase   1 January   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting     30 June          grant      Performance     date of grant         vesting
Name                         Date of Grant         Period                         Price          2025       Period       Period       Period       Period        2025      (HK$)(2) (6)      Targets(6)         (HK$)(6)         (HK$)(7)


Directors
Mr. Ian Ying Woo             3 April 2023          Immediate vesting upon         nil          84,206           —        28,070       28,068           —       28,068            N/A              N/A              N/A            55.50
                                                     achievement of performance
                                                     targets
                             1 April 2025          4 years                        nil               —       92,660           —            —            —       92,660     3,567,410         See Note 8           53.55              N/A


Mr. Yongqing Luo             1 April 2025          4 years                        nil               —      205,911           —            —            —      205,911     7,927,574         See Note 8           53.55              N/A


Other grantees by category
Employee Participants        Between 18 February   4 years                        nil         684,142           —       207,576      120,458           —      356,108            N/A              N/A              N/A            47.39
                               2020 and
                               3 April 2023
                             3 April 2023          Immediate vesting upon         nil         537,619           —       125,670       95,150           —      316,799            N/A              N/A              N/A            57.45
                                                     achievement of performance
                                                     targets
                             5 April 2024          4 years                        nil        1,086,750          —       203,250       33,750           —      849,750            N/A              N/A              N/A            46.48
                             5 April 2024          Immediate vesting upon         nil          96,750           —        30,500       30,501           —       35,749            N/A              N/A              N/A            56.98
                                                     achievement of performance
                                                     targets
                             2 October 2024        4 years                        nil         498,000           —        54,000       53,250           —      390,750            N/A              N/A              N/A            48.57
                             1 April 2025          4 years                        nil               —    1,150,397           —        57,373           —     1,093,024   62,639,117              None            53.55              N/A
                             1 April 2025          4 years                        nil               —      253,159           —            —            —      253,159     9,746,622         See Note 3           53.55              N/A


Total                                                                                        2,987,467   1,702,127      649,066      418,550           —     3,621,978




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            39
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




        Notes:


        (1)      All options granted were subject to immediate vesting upon Listing.


        (2)      The fair values of the awards are calculated in accordance with the accounting standards and policies adopted for preparing the Company’s financial
                 statements. The fair value is determined by reference to the fair value of the equity instrument as at the grant date, considering market performance
                 conditions, excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions and the impact of any non-vesting conditions.


        (3)      The 253,159 performance target awards shall vest equally over 4 years, with the first vesting date being 31 March 2026 and the remaining vesting
                 dates being each anniversary thereafter, upon achievement of specified company level performance targets (including financial, clinical development and
                 operational) and individual performance appraisal targets by the first vesting date.


        (4)      No further options have been or would be granted after the Listing.


        (5)      This information is in respect of options exercised during the Reporting Period.


        (6)      This information is in respect of RSUs granted during the Reporting Period.


        (7)      This information is in respect of RSUs vested during the Reporting Period.


        (8)      205,911 performance target awards and 92,660 performance target awards granted to Mr. Yongqing Luo and Mr. Ian Ying Woo shall vest equally over 4
                 years, with the first vesting date being 31 March 2026 and the remaining vesting dates being each anniversary thereafter, upon the achievement of specified
                 company level performance targets and individual performance appraisal targets by the first vesting date. The company level performance targets relate to
                 financial performance, clinical development milestones, capital market and operational and company organizational goals.


        (9)      As at 1 January 2025, 3,342,443 Shares were available for grant under the Pre-IPO ESOP. During the Reporting Period, 1,702,127 awards were granted to
                 eligible participants pursuant to the Pre-IPO ESOP. As at 30 June 2025, 2,058,866 Shares were available for grant under the Pre-IPO ESOP.




40       Everest Medicines Limited                        Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                   Corporate Governance and Other Information




POST-IPO SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS
1.   POST-IPO SHARE OPTION SCHEME
     As at 30 June 2025, the Company had outstanding options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme to subscribe for an
     aggregate of 21,572,561 Shares granted to 214 grantees (including Directors, senior management, other connected persons
     and employees of the Company). Details of the outstanding options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   average
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Closing         closing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    price of        price of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 the Shares          Shares
                                                                                                                                                                                              Fair value of                     immediately     immediately
                                                                                                              Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Cancelled      Lapsed     Outstanding    the options                       before the          before
                                                                                                   Exercise         as at   during the   during the   during the   during the         as at    at the date                          date of        the date
                                                      Vesting   Exercise                              Price     1 January   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting       30 June        of grant      Performance           grant      of exercise
      Name                    Date of Grant           Period    Period                               (HK$)          2025       Period       Period       Period       Period          2025       (HK$)(1) (3)      Targets(3)       (HK$) (3)        (HK$)(2)


      Directors
      Mr. Yongqing Luo        19 September 2022       4 years   7 years from the date of grant      10.084      6,259,349          —            —            —            —       6,259,349            N/A              N/A             N/A             N/A
                                   and 3 April 2023                                              and 15.632
                              5 April 2024            4 years   7 years from the date of grant       22.54      1,901,560          —            —            —            —       1,901,560            N/A              N/A             N/A             N/A
                              1 April 2025            4 years   7 years from the date of grant       55.61             —      960,920           —            —            —        960,920     26,069,760              None           53.55             N/A


      Mr. Ian Ying Woo        14 July 2021 and        4 years   7 years from the date of grant       72.49      1,118,078          —            —            —            —       1,118,078            N/A              N/A             N/A             N/A
                                   3 April 2023                                                  and 15.632
                              5 April 2024            4 years   7 years from the date of grant       22.54       950,780           —            —            —            —        950,780             N/A              N/A             N/A             N/A
                              1 April 2025            4 years   7 years from the date of grant       55.61             —      432,414           —            —            —        432,414     11,731,392              None           53.55             N/A


      Mr. Shidong Jiang       Between 14 July 2021 1 year       7 years from the date of grant       72.49         40,000          —            —            —            —          40,000            N/A              N/A             N/A             N/A
                                   and 1 April 2022                                               and 23.17
      Mr. Yifan Li            Between 14 July 2021 1 year       7 years from the date of grant       72.49         40,000          —            —            —            —          40,000            N/A              N/A             N/A             N/A
                                   and 1 April 2022                                               and 23.17


      Other grantees by category
      Employee Participants   Between 6 May 2021      4 years   7 years from the date of grant     Between      4,327,005          —       779,463           —       304,394      3,243,148            N/A              N/A             N/A           50.47
                                   and 3 April 2023                                                 15.632
                                                                                                  and 72.49
                              5 April 2024            4 years   7 years from the date of grant       22.54      4,159,640          —       424,317           —       301,320      3,434,003            N/A              N/A             N/A           53.67
                              2 October 2024          4 years   7 years from the date of grant       27.35       240,000           —            —            —            —        240,000             N/A              N/A             N/A             N/A
                              1 April 2025            4 years   7 years from the date of grant       55.61             —    3,058,199           —            —       105,890      2,952,309    78,830,223              None           53.55             N/A


      Total                                                                                                    19,036,412   4,451,533    1,203,780           —       711,604     21,572,561


     Notes:

     (1)             The fair values of the options are calculated in accordance with the accounting standards and policies adopted for preparing the Company’s financial
                     statements. The fair value is determined by reference to the fair value of the equity instrument as at the grant date, considering market performance
                     conditions, excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions and the impact of any non-vesting conditions.

     (2)             This information is in respect of options exercised during the Reporting Period.

     (3)             This information is in respect of options granted during the Reporting Period.

     (4)             As at 1 January 2025, 7,209,983 Shares were available for grant under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. During the Reporting Period, 4,451,533 options
                     were granted to eligible participants under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. As at 30 June 2025, 3,470,054 Shares were available for grant under the
                     Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                41
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




     2.   POST-IPO SHARE AWARD SCHEME
          As at 30 June 2025, the Company had unvested awards representing an aggregate of 2,103,149 Shares granted to 134
          grantees (including Directors, senior management, other connected persons of the Company and other employees of the
          Company). Details of the unvested awards under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 average
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            closing price
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Closing price              of the
                                                                                                                                                                                                          of the Shares           Shares
                                                                                                                                                                      Fair value of                        immediately       immediately
                                                                                         Unvested       Granted       Vested    Cancelled      Lapsed     Unvested     the awards                             before the            before
                                                                                              as at   during the   during the   during the   during the       as at    at the date                               date of         the date
                                                                  Vesting     Purchase   1 January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting     30 June      of grant(1)(2)   Performance               grant       of vesting
            Name                  Date of Grant                   Period      Price           2025        Period       Period       Period       Period       2025           (HK$)           Targets(2)          (HK$)(2)          (HK$)(3)


            Directors
            Mr. Yongqing Luo      19 September 2022               3 years     nil         600,000            —       240,000      120,000           —      240,000               N/A               N/A              N/A             51.53
                                  5 April 2024                    4 years     nil         237,695            —        59,423           —            —      178,272               N/A               N/A              N/A             53.55
            Mr. Ian Ying Woo      14 July 2021 and 1 April 2022   3-4 years   nil         208,248            —        41,582           —            —      166,666               N/A               N/A              N/A             53.55
                                  5 April 2024                    4 years     nil         118,848            —        29,712           —            —       89,136               N/A               N/A              N/A             53.55

            Other grantees by category
            Employee Participants Between 6 May 2021 and          4 years     nil        1,224,251           —       516,829      123,897           —      583,525               N/A               N/A              N/A             52.64
                                       3 April 2023
                                    5 April 2024                  4 years     nil        1,193,429           —       316,067      150,660           —      726,702               N/A               N/A              N/A             53.55
                                    5 April 2024                  4 years     nil          118,848           —            —            —            —      118,848               N/A               N/A              N/A               N/A


            Total                                                                        3,701,319           —     1,203,613      394,557           —     2,103,149


          Notes:


          (1)        The fair values of the awards are calculated in accordance with the accounting standards and policies adopted for preparing the Company’s financial
                     statements. The fair value is determined by reference to the fair value of the equity instrument as at the grant date, considering market performance
                     conditions, excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions and the impact of any non-vesting conditions.


          (2)        This information is in respect of awards granted during the Reporting Period.


          (3)        This information is in respect of awards vested during the Reporting Period.


          (4)        As at 1 January 2025, 9,013,428 Shares were available for grant under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme. During the Reporting Period, no awards were
                     granted to eligible participants pursuant to the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme. As at 30 June 2025, 9,407,985 Shares were available for grant under the
                     Post-IPO Share Award Scheme.




42         Everest Medicines Limited                                                Interim Report 2025
                                                      Corporate Governance and Other Information




DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
During the six months ended 30 June 2025, none of our Directors controlled a business similar to principal business of the Group
that competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the Group’s business, which would require disclosure under
Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.


CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
Changes in Directors’ information since the date of the 2024 Annual Report are set out below pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the
Listing Rules:


 Name of Director                 Details of Change


 Ms. Hoi Yam Chui                 —    Ms. Chui was appointed as an independent non-executive director of Abbisko Cayman Limited
                                       (和譽開曼有限責任公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code 2256), on 28
                                       February 2025.
                                  —    Ms. Chui has served as an independent non-executive director of TransThera Sciences
                                       (Nanjing), Inc. (藥捷安康(南京)科技股份有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange
                                       (stock code 2617), since October 2022. TransThera Sciences (Nanjing), Inc. was listed on the
                                       Stock Exchange on 23 June 2025.

Save for the information disclosed above, there is no other information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the
Listing Rules.


IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
On 25 July 2025 (before trading hours), the Company, C-Bridge IV Investment Two Limited (the “Seller”), and Goldman Sachs
(Asia) L.L.C. and Morgan Stanley Asia Limited (in alphabetical order) (together the “Placement Agents”) entered into a placing and
subscription agreement (the “Placing and Subscription Agreement”), pursuant to which (a) the Seller sold, and the Placement Agents
procured on a best effort basis, severally and not jointly, as agents of the Seller, not fewer than six placees to purchase 22,561,000
Shares beneficially owned by the Seller at HK$69.70 per Share (the “Placing”); and (b) the Seller subscribed as principal for, and the
Company issued, 22,561,000 Shares at HK$69.70 per Share, in each case on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in
the Placing and Subscription Agreement (the “Subscription”). Completion of the Placing took place on 30 July 2025 and completion
of the Subscription took place on 1 August 2025. For further details regarding the Placing and Subscription, please refer to the
announcements of the Company dated 25 July 2025 and 1 August 2025.


Save as disclosed in this interim report, no important events affecting the Company occurred since the end of the Reporting Period
and up to the Latest Practicable Date.




                                                                                                                                         43
     Report on Review of Interim Financial Information



                                 Ernst & Young                     安永會計師事務所             Tel 電話: +852 2846 9888
                                 27/F, One Taikoo Place,           香港鰂魚涌英皇道979號         Fax 傳真: +852 2868 4432
                                 979 King’s Road,                  太古坊一座27樓             ey.com
                                 Quarry Bay, Hong Kong


     Independent review report
     To the board of directors of Everest Medicines Limited
     (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     INTRODUCTION
     We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 45 to 68, which comprises the condensed consolidated
     statement of financial position of Everest Medicines Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the“Group”) as at 30 June 2025
     and the related condensed consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, changes in equity and
     cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
     Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with
     the relevant provisions thereof and International Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“IAS 34”) as issued by the
     International Accounting Standards Board. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of
     this interim financial information in accordance with IAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial
     information based on our review. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement,
     and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
     report.


     SCOPE OF REVIEW
     We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 Review of Interim Financial
     Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
     A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting
     matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in
     accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would
     become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


     CONCLUSION
     Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information is not
     prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34.




     Ernst & Young
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     28 August 2025



44             Everest Medicines Limited          Interim Report 2025
                  Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                         Notes           2025                  2024
                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                   (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

REVENUE                                                                   4            446,123              301,517
Cost of sales                                                                         (146,728)              (70,438)

Gross profit                                                                           299,395               231,079
General and administrative expenses                                                   (110,795)               (86,998)
Research and development expenses                                                     (195,223)             (253,159)
Distribution and selling expenses                                                     (314,748)             (200,389)
Other income — net                                                        5             11,282                  6,730
Other gains/(losses) — net                                                6             47,529              (369,020)
Finance income — net                                                      8             12,770                 34,228
Fair value change in financial instruments issued to investors                               –                  5,116

LOSS BEFORE TAX                                                           7           (249,790)             (632,413)
Income tax expense                                                                           –                     –

LOSS FOR THE PERIOD                                                                   (249,790)             (632,413)

Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                                (249,790)             (632,413)

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Changes in foreign currency translation adjustments of the
  Company’s subsidiaries                                                                10,852               (20,162)

Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Changes in foreign currency translation adjustments of the Company                   (32,389)               44,316
  Changes in fair value of equity investments designated at fair value
   through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                                        29,703                (4,332)

                                                                                         (2,686)              39,984

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD,
 NET OF TAX                                                                              8,166                19,822

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE PERIOD                                               (241,624)             (612,591)


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                                (241,624)             (612,591)

LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
  HOLDERS OF THE PARENT (Expressed in RMB per share)

Basic and diluted                                                         11              (0.77)                (1.97)


                                                                                                                         45
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     30 June 2025




                                                                                   30 June    31 December
                                                                        Notes         2025          2024
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)      (Audited)


      NON-CURRENT ASSETS
      Property, plant and equipment                                      12        576,796        576,100
      Right-of-use assets                                                           79,213         73,944
      Intangible assets                                                          2,240,726      2,254,394
      Investments                                                                   59,285         29,705
      Other non-current assets                                           13         24,369          9,071


      Total non-current assets                                                   2,980,389      2,943,214


      CURRENT ASSETS
      Inventories                                                        14          8,812         14,082
      Trade receivables                                                  15        300,872        363,572
      Prepayments and other current assets                               16         56,252         34,672
      Bank deposits                                                                289,281        718,840
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                  1,296,626        884,468


      Total current assets                                                       1,951,843      2,015,634


      CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Trade and other payables                                           17        262,522        304,550
      Borrowings                                                         18         52,531        443,842
      Lease liabilities                                                             16,409         18,783
      Financial instruments issued to investors                                     26,255         26,364


      Total current liabilities                                                    357,717        793,539


      NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                         1,594,126      1,222,095


      TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                      4,574,515      4,165,309




46          Everest Medicines Limited             Interim Report 2025
                    Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                             30 June 2025




                                                                30 June     31 December
                                                   Notes           2025            2024
                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                             (Unaudited)        (Audited)


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Borrowings                                          18          606,916          55,852
Lease liabilities                                                32,862          30,765
Deferred income                                                   5,820            5,898
Provision                                                         2,471                –


Total non-current liabilities                                   648,069          92,515


Net assets                                                     3,926,446      4,072,794



EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                       19              222              221
Reserves                                                      14,137,416     14,042,141
Accumulated deficit                                          (10,307,646)    (10,057,856)
Accumulated other comprehensive income                           96,454          88,288


Total equity                                                   3,926,446      4,072,794




                                                                                            47
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                           Share          Capital    FVTOCI     Exchange     Accumulated         Total
                                                           capital      reserve      reserve      reserve          deficit      equity
                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                         (note 19)


      At 1 January 2025 (audited)                             221    14,042,141     (249,452)    337,740      (10,057,856)   4,072,794


      Loss for the period                                       –              –           –            –       (249,790)     (249,790)
      Other comprehensive (loss)/income
        for the period:                                         –              –           –            –               –            –
        Changes in fair value of financial assets
         at FVTOCI, net of tax                                  –              –     29,703             –               –      29,703
        Foreign currency translation                            –              –           –      (21,537)              –      (21,537)


      Total comprehensive loss for the period                   –              –     29,703       (21,537)      (249,790)     (241,624)
      Share-based payments                                      –         61,604           –            –               –      61,604
      Exercise of share options                                 1         33,671           –            –               –      33,672


      At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                             222    14,137,416     (219,749)    316,203      (10,307,646)   3,926,446




48          Everest Medicines Limited               Interim Report 2025
                    Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                          Share        Capital    Treasury     FVTOCI       Exchange    Accumulated         Total
                                         capital      reserve       shares     reserve        reserve         deficit      equity
                                       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
                                       (note 19)


At 1 January 2024 (audited)                 219    13,920,484           (1)   (229,503)      293,950     (9,016,481)    4,968,668


Loss for the period                           –             –           –            –             –       (632,413)     (632,413)
Other comprehensive (loss)/income
  for the period:                             –             –           –            –             –               –            –
  Changes in fair value of financial
   assets at FVTOCI, net of tax               –             –           –       (4,332)            –               –       (4,332)
  Foreign currency translation                –             –           –            –        24,154               –      24,154


Total comprehensive loss
    for the period                            –             –           –       (4,332)       24,154       (632,413)     (612,591)
Share-based compensation                      –       49,385            –            –             –               –      49,385
Restricted share units vested                 –             (1)         1            –             –               –            –
Exercise of stock options                     1         6,103           –            –             –               –       6,104


At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                 220    13,975,971           –     (233,835)      318,104     (9,648,894)    4,411,566




                                                                                                                                     49
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                         Notes         2025           2024
                                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)


      CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
      Loss before tax:                                                             (249,790)      (632,413)


      Adjustments for:
        Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                24,639         24,369
        Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                          10,621          8,633
        Amortisation of intangible assets                                            42,466         21,404
        Fair value change in financial instruments issued to investors                     –        (5,116)
        Share-based payments                                                         61,604         49,385
        Interest income on borrowings                                     18         (14,208)      (35,554)
        Unrealised foreign exchange gains                                 6          (10,613)      (15,385)
        Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                        1,438          1,326
        Impairment loss on intangible assets                                               –      356,340
        Impairment loss on trade receivables, net                         15             (48)            –
        Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                32              –
        Gain on disposal of right-of-use assets                                       (3,410)            –
        Other income for license fee                                                 (35,919)            –
        Other income recognised for asset-related government grant                       (78)          (77)


      Decrease/(increase) in trade receivables                                       62,748       (209,503)
      (Increase)/decrease in prepayments and other assets                            (22,711)       44,060
      Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                              5,270         (8,902)
      Increase in other non-current assets                                            (2,451)         (129)
      Decrease in trade and other payables                                           (55,865)      (15,403)


      Cash used in operations                                                      (186,275)      (416,965)
      Interest received                                                               4,801          2,017


      Net cash flows used in operating activities                                  (181,474)      (414,948)




50         Everest Medicines Limited              Interim Report 2025
                            Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                         Notes            2025                  2024
                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                   (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                             (24,362)              (48,127)
Purchase of intangible assets                                          (37,974)              (50,168)
Purchase of bank deposits                                             (518,356)           (2,045,730)
Disposal of bank deposits                                              968,480             2,591,439
Variable consideration received for disposal of IMMU32                  35,919                     –
Sublease cash received                                                        –                  289


Net cash flows from investing activities                               423,707              447,703


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Payments of lease liabilities                                          (11,746)              (10,497)
Proceeds from bank borrowings                                          595,022                29,500
Repayment of bank borrowings                                          (435,267)                    –
Interests paid for bank loans                                          (10,044)               (9,475)
Proceeds from exercise of share options                                 33,672                 6,104


Net cash flows from financing activities                               171,637                15,632


NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                              413,870                48,387
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                             (1,712)              14,182
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                       884,468              523,063


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                           1,296,626              585,632




                                                                                                         51
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2025




     1. CORPORATE INFORMATION AND BASIS OF PREPARATION
          1.1 Corporate information
                Everest Medicines Limited (the “Company” or “Everest”) was incorporated under the law of the Cayman Islands as an
                exempted company with limited liability on 14 July 2017. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as
                the “Group”) engage primarily in in-licensing, development and commercialisation of innovative therapies in Greater
                China and other emerging Asia-Pacific markets.


                The registered office of the Company is located at PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman KY1-1104, Cayman
                Islands.


                The Company listed its shares on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 9 October 2020.


          1.2 BASIS OF PREPARATION
                The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2025 has been prepared in
                accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. The interim condensed consolidated financial information does not
                include all the information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction
                with the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024.


     2. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
          The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial information are consistent
          with those applied in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December
          2024, except for the adoption of the following amended IFRS Accounting Standard for the first time for the current period’s
          financial information.


          Amendments to IAS 21                               Lack of Exchangeability

          The nature and impact of the amended IFRS Accounting Standard are described below:


          Amendments to IAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another currency and
          how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when exchangeability is lacking. The amendments
          require disclosures of information that enable users of financial statements to understand the impact of a currency not
          being exchangeable. As the currencies that the Group had transacted with and the functional currencies of group entities
          for translation into the Group’s presentation currency were exchangeable, the amendments did not have any impact on the
          interim condensed consolidated financial information.




52         Everest Medicines Limited          Interim Report 2025
                Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                              30 June 2025




3. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
  The Company operates in one segment: pharmaceutical products. Its chief operating decision maker is the chief executive
  officer, who makes operating decisions, assesses performance, and allocates resources on a consolidated basis.


  Geographical information
  Since over 95% of the Group’s revenue and operating profit were generated from the sale of pharmaceutical products in
  Mainland China and most of the Group’s identifiable operating assets were located in Mainland China, no geographical
  segment information in accordance with IFRS 8 Operating Segments is presented.


4. REVENUE
  An analysis of revenue is as follows:


                                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                               2025                   2024
                                                                                          RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)


   Revenue from contracts with customers                                                    446,123                301,517


  Revenue from contracts with customers
  (a)   Disaggregated revenue information

                                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                               2025                   2024
                                                                                          RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)


          Types of goods
          Sale of pharmaceutical products                                                   446,123                301,517



          Timing of revenue recognition
          Goods transferred at a point in time                                              446,123                301,517


        Over 95% of the Group’s revenue were generated from the sale of pharmaceutical products in Mainland China




                                                                                                                             53
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2025




     5. OTHER INCOME — NET
                                                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                                       2025                           2024
                                                                                                                                RMB’000                         RMB’000
                                                                                                                             (Unaudited)                     (Unaudited)


            Government grants                                                                                                       11,282                           6,730


     6. OTHER GAINS/(LOSSES) — NET
                                                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                                       2025                           2024
                                                                                                                                RMB’000                         RMB’000
                                                                                                                             (Unaudited)                     (Unaudited)


            Impairment of intangible assets                                                                                                 –                    (356,340)
            Impairment of trade receivables, net                                                                                          48                               –
            Net foreign exchange gains                                                                                              10,824                         15,385
            Donations (a)                                                                                                            (2,801)                      (28,442)
            Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                                            (32)                              –
            Gain on termination of a lease contract                                                                                   3,410                                –
            Variable consideration received for disposal of IMMU32 (b)                                                              35,919                                 –
            Others                                                                                                                      161                            377


            Total                                                                                                                   47,529                       (369,020)


          (a)   Donations represented the contributions made by the Group to several charity organisations in relation to the charity’s patient assistance program and other
                public welfare donation programs.


          (b)   On 15 August 2022, pursuant to a separately negotiated termination and transition services agreement (the “Agreement”), the Group and Immunomedics,
                Inc., (“Immunomedics”) agreed (i) to terminate the above license agreement as well as those ancillary agreements entered in connection therewith; (ii) for
                the Group to assign to Immunomedics all of its intellectual property, regulatory materials and other assets related to the sacituzumab govitecan; and (iii) for
                the Group to perform transition services to enable Immunomedics or its affiliates to assume the development and commercialisation of the sacituzumab
                govitecan in the relevant territories. During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Company received United States Dollar (“USD”)5,000,000 for the
                regulatory milestone achieved by Immunomedics.




54         Everest Medicines Limited                    Interim Report 2025
                Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                  30 June 2025




7. LOSS BEFORE TAX
  The Group’s loss before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                             (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


   Cost of inventories sold                                                      146,728               70,438
   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                  24,639               24,369
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                            10,621                8,633
   Amortisation of intangible assets                                              42,466               21,404
   Reversal of trade receivables                                                     (48)                    –
   Impairment of intangible assets                                                     –             356,340
   Research and development costs                                                195,223             253,159
   Fair value change in financial instruments issued to investors                      –               (5,116)
   Auditor’s remuneration                                                          1,830                2,082
   Employee benefit expenses:
      Salaries and other benefits                                                252,913             208,055
      Pension scheme contributions, social welfare and other welfare              35,710               23,826
      Share-based compensation                                                    61,604               49,385
   Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities               719                  554
   Bank interest income                                                          (24,235)             (44,950)
   Net foreign exchange (gains)                                                  (10,824)             (15,385)
   Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                  32                     –
   Gain on termination of a lease contract                                        (3,410)                    –




                                                                                                                 55
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2025




     8. FINANCE INCOME — NET
                                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                        2025                   2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)


           Bank interest income                                                                       24,235                 44,950
           Interest income on sublease                                                                      –                    38
           Interest income from loan to a director (note 21(a))                                           15                     14
           Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                                      (1,438)                (1,326)
           Interest expenses on bank borrowings                                                      (10,042)                 (9,448)


           Total                                                                                      12,770                 34,228


     9. INCOME TAX
          Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands, the Company and the subsidiaries incorporated in the Cayman Islands are not
          subject to tax on income or capital gains.


          No Hong Kong profits tax was provided for as the Group did not generate any assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during
          the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024.


          The Group’s subsidiary in Singapore had no taxable income during the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024.


          No Korea profits tax was provided for as the Group did not generate any assessable profits arising in Korea during the six
          months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024.


          No PRC profits tax was provided for as the Group did not generate any assessable profits arising in the People’s Republic of
          China (“PRC”) during the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024.


     10. DIVIDENDS
          No dividend has been paid or declared by the Company during the six months ended 30 June 2025 (during the six months
          ended 30 June 2024: nil).




56         Everest Medicines Limited            Interim Report 2025
                Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                    30 June 2025




11. LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF
    THE PARENT
  The calculation of the basic loss per share amount is based on the loss for the period attributable to ordinary equity holders of
  the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding.


  No adjustment has been made to the basic loss per share amounts presented for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and
  2024 in respect of a dilution as the impact of the share options and restricted share units had an anti-dilutive effect on the
  basic loss per share amounts presented.


  The calculations of basic and diluted loss per share are based on:


                                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                    2025                    2024
                                                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)


   Loss
   Loss attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent for the purpose
     of calculating basic and diluted loss per share (RMB’000)                                  (249,790)               (632,413)



   Shares
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the
     period used in the basic and diluted loss per share calculation                        325,389,111             320,741,132



   Loss per share (basic and diluted) (RMB per share)                                               (0.77)                  (1.97)


12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
  During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group acquired property, plant and equipment with costs of RMB576,796
  thousand (unaudited) (for the six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB602,080 thousand (unaudited)).




                                                                                                                                      57
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2025




     13. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                                                                  30 June                 31 December
                                                                                                                                       2025                           2024
                                                                                                                                RMB’000                         RMB’000
                                                                                                                             (Unaudited)                         (Audited)


            Rental deposits                                                                                                           8,503                          6,041
            Loan to a director (a)                                                                                                    2,472                          2,468
            Prepayment for equipment                                                                                                13,394                             562


            Total                                                                                                                   24,369                           9,071


          (a)   On 2 July 2020, the Company provided a loan to one director of the Company, in the total amount of USD325 thousand. The loan has a term of three years
                and a simple interest rate of 5.0% per annum. The principal and accrued interest will be paid on the maturity date. In 2021, pursuant to an amendment
                agreement with this director, the interest rate decreased from 5.0% per annum to 1.25% per annum. In July 2023, according to the contract, such loan was
                automatically renewed for another three years with the same interest rate of 1.25% per annum, and the principal and interest will be repaid by this director in
                July 2026.



     14. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                                                  30 June                 31 December
                                                                                                                                       2025                           2024
                                                                                                                                RMB’000                         RMB’000
                                                                                                                             (Unaudited)                         (Audited)


            Raw materials                                                                                                             1,126                                –
            Pharmaceutical products                                                                                                   7,686                        14,082


            Total                                                                                                                     8,812                        14,082


     15. TRADE RECEIVABLES
          An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date and net of loss
          allowance, is as follows:


                                                                                                                                  30 June                 31 December
                                                                                                                                       2025                           2024
                                                                                                                                RMB’000                         RMB’000
                                                                                                                             (Unaudited)                         (Audited)


            Within 3 months                                                                                                       300,872                        363,572


58         Everest Medicines Limited                    Interim Report 2025
                Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                    30 June 2025




16. PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                                30 June            31 December
                                                                                                    2025                      2024
                                                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)                 (Audited)


   Value-added tax recoverable                                                                    32,130                 23,554
   Interest receivables                                                                                 –                     1,136
   Prepayments to suppliers                                                                       24,103                      9,697
   Rental deposits                                                                                      –                      268
   Others                                                                                             19                        17


   Total                                                                                          56,252                 34,672


17. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                30 June            31 December
                                                                                                    2025                      2024
                                                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)                 (Audited)


   Trade payables                                                                                 46,996                 46,114
   Salary and staff welfare payables                                                              56,372                 94,984
   Payables for property, plant and equipment                                                     31,778                 17,941
   Payables for service suppliers                                                                 69,031                 72,573
   Accrued service fees due to clinical research organisations                                    49,270                 56,379
   Tax payables                                                                                    3,977                      2,821
   Others                                                                                          5,098                 13,738


   Total                                                                                        262,522                 304,550


  An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                                30 June            31 December
                                                                                                    2025                      2024
                                                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)                 (Audited)


   Within 1 year                                                                                  46,996                 46,114


                                                                                                                                      59
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2025




     18. BORROWINGS
                                                       30 June 2025                             31 December 2024
                                       Interest rate                                Interest rate
                                                (%)       Maturity      RMB’000              (%)      Maturity     RMB’000
                                                                      (Unaudited)                                  (Audited)


           Current
           Unsecured bank loans (a)            3.10          2026         13,800            4.00        2025       230,000
           Secured bank loans (b)         2.80-3.25          2026         38,200      3.25-3.55         2025       213,314
           Bank loans — interest
             payables                                                        531                                        528


                                                                          52,531                                   443,842


           Non-current
           Unsecured bank loans (a)            3.10          2027        216,196                                          –
           Secured bank loans (b)         2.80-3.25     2026-2035        390,720            3.25        2026        55,852


                                                                         606,916                                    55,852


           Total                                                         659,447                                   499,694




60         Everest Medicines Limited     Interim Report 2025
                    Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                                                  30 June 2025




18. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
  Analysed into:


                                                                                                                         30 June                31 December
                                                                                                                             2025                          2024
                                                                                                                       RMB’000                       RMB’000
                                                                                                                    (Unaudited)                       (Audited)


    Repayable:
        Within 1 year                                                                                                     52,531                       443,842
        Between 1 and 2 years                                                                                            321,894                        55,852
        Between 2 and 5 years                                                                                             47,504                                –
        Over 5 years                                                                                                     237,518                                –


    Total                                                                                                                659,447                       499,694


  An analysis of the carrying amounts of borrowings by type of interest rate is as follows:


                                                                                                                         30 June                31 December
                                                                                                                             2025                          2024
                                                                                                                       RMB’000                       RMB’000
                                                                                                                    (Unaudited)                       (Audited)


    Fixed interest rate                                                                                                   93,898                        69,852
    Variable interest rate                                                                                               565,018                       429,314
    Interest payables                                                                                                          531                           528


    Total                                                                                                                659,447                       499,694


  (a)     All borrowings are denominated in RMB.


  (b)     Certain of the Group’s bank loans are pledged by a 22.73% equity interest in Everest Medicines (China) Co., Ltd, building of the Group with net book value
          of RMB453,000,000 (unaudited) or guaranteed by the Company.




                                                                                                                                                                       61
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2025




     19. SHARE CAPITAL
          Shares

                                                                                       Number of       Nominal value
                                                                                           shares    of shares in USD


           Authorised
           Authorised shares upon incorporation and as at
             30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024                                        500,000,000             50,000


                                                                                         30 June        31 December
                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)            (Audited)


           Issued and fully paid:
             327,713,384 (2024: 326,498,604) ordinary shares                                  222                 221


          A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:


                                                                                 Number of shares
                                                                                          in issue      Share capital
                                                                                                            RMB’000


           As at 1 January 2025                                                       326,498,604                 221
           Exercise of share options                                                    1,214,780                   1


           As at 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)                                             327,713,384                 222



           As at 1 January 2024                                                       323,704,720                 219
           Exercise of share options                                                    2,793,884                   2


           As at 31 December 2024 (Audited)                                           326,498,604                 221




62         Everest Medicines Limited        Interim Report 2025
                Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                              30 June 2025




19. SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)
   Shares (continued)
   A summary of movements in the Company’s treasury shares is as follows:


                                                         Number of shares                         Treasury shares
                                                         30 June      31 December               30 June      31 December
                                                            2025                 2024              2025                2024
                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000


    At the beginning of the period/year                2,150,996            4,348,701                   –                  1
    Restricted share units vested                      (1,865,179)          (2,197,705)                 –                  (1)


    At the end of the period/year                        285,817            2,150,996                   –                  –


20. COMMITMENTS
   (a)   The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                             30 June         31 December
                                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                          (Unaudited)               (Audited)


          Property, plant and equipment                                                       38,799                 14,913




                                                                                                                                 63
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2025




     21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
          Name of the related party and its relationship with the Group are set out below:


          CBC Group, mainly comprises C-Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P., C-Bridge Investment Everest Limited, C-Bridge II Investment
          Eight Limited, C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P., C-Bridge IV Investment Two Limited, C Bridge IV Investment Nine Limited
          Ltd., C-Bridge Capital Investment Management, Ltd. (“C-Bridge Capital”), CBC Group Investment Management, Ltd, C-Bridge
          Value Creation Limited and Everest Management Holding Co., Ltd. As at 30 June 2025, C Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P. and
          C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P. owned approximately 19.33% (2024: 39.48%) of shares in the Group on a collective basis.


          Name of related party                                                                          Relationship with the Group


          CBC Joint Value Creation Limited                                                           Entity controlled by CBC Group


          (a)   The Group had the following transactions with related parties during the period:

                                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                       2025                  2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)


                    Management consultancy services provided by a related party
                    CBC Joint Value Creation Limited                                                    144                      –



                    Interest income from loan to a director                                              15                     14


          (b)   Outstanding balance with a related party

                                                                                                    30 June          31 December
                                                                                                       2025                  2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                (Unaudited)               (Audited)


                    Loan to a director                                                                2,472                  2,468




64         Everest Medicines Limited             Interim Report 2025
                    Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                    30 June 2025




21. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   (c)    Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:

                                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                    2025                    2024
                                                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                             (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)


           Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                              15,701                  14,614
           Performance related bonuses                                                             7,113                   6,353
           Pension scheme contributions                                                              472                     412
           Housing funds, medical insurance and other social insurance                               728                   1,022
           Share-based payment expenses                                                           30,184                  22,087


           Total                                                                                  54,198                  44,488


22. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, bank deposits, trade receivables, financial
   liabilities included trade and other payables, financial assets included in prepayments and other current assets and the current
   portion of borrowings approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.


   The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged
   in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following methods and
   assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:


   The fair values of the non-current portion of borrowings have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows
   using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair
   value as a result of the Group’s own non-performance risk for borrowings as at 31 December 2024 were assessed to be
   insignificant.


   The fair value of the convertible redeemable preferred shares issued by EverNov is determined using valuation techniques,
   including the discounted cash flow method and is within Level 3 fair value measurement.




                                                                                                                                      65
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2025




     22. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
         (CONTINUED)
          The fair value of investments in I-Mab is based on quoted market prices. The fair value of investments in Venatorx has been
          estimated using the back-solve method and calibration method first to determine the total equity value, and then the option
          pricing model to allocate the equity value to the preferred shares. The directors believe that the estimated fair values resulting
          from the valuation technique, which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position, and the related changes
          in fair values, which are recorded in profit or loss, are reasonable, and that they were the most appropriate values at the end
          of the reporting period.


          Fair value hierarchy
          The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:


          Assets and liabilities measured at fair value:

          As at 30 June 2025


                                                                                   Fair value measurement using
                                                                     Quoted           Significant         Significant
                                                                    prices in        observable        unobservable
                                                             active markets                inputs              inputs               Total
                                                                    (Level 1)            (Level 2)           (Level 3)
                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                 (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)


           Financial assets
              Investments in Venatorx                                        –                   –            13,501               13,501
              Investments in I-Mab                                    45,784                     –                     –           45,784


              Total                                                   45,784                     –            13,501               59,285



           Financial liabilities
              Financial instruments issued to investors                      –                   –            26,255               26,255




66         Everest Medicines Limited           Interim Report 2025
                  Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                    30 June 2025




22. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
   Fair value hierarchy
   As at 31 December 2024


                                                                               Fair value measurement using
                                                                 Quoted            Significant        Significant
                                                                prices in         observable        unobservable
                                                         active markets                inputs             inputs          Total
                                                                (Level 1)            (Level 2)          (Level 3)
                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                             (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)


    Financial assets
       Investments in Venatorx                                          –                   –            13,557         13,557
       Investments in I-Mab                                      16,148                     –                  –        16,148


       Total                                                     16,148                     –            13,557         29,705



    Financial liabilities
       Financial instruments issued to investors                        –                   –            26,364         26,364


   During the period/year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into
   or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (31 December 2024: Nil).




                                                                                                                                   67
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2025




     23. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
          In July 2025, the Company’s board of directors announced a total number of 22,561,000 ordinary shares at a subscription
          price of Hong Kong Dollar (“HKD”) 69.70 per share via a placing according to the terms and conditions set out in the placing
          and subscription agreement entered into between the Company, the seller and the placement agents on 25 July 2025. The
          completion of the placing took place on 30 July 2025 and the Company allotted and issued 22,561,000 subscription shares
          to the seller at HKD69.70 per subscription share on 1 August 2025. The net proceeds from the subscription (after deducting
          all applicable costs and expenses, including commission and levies) amounted to approximately HKD1,553.39 million. Further
          details of the placing are set out in the announcements dated 25 July 2025 and 1 August 2025 issued by the Company.


          In August 2025, the Company subscribed for 15,846,154 American depositary shares (the “ADSs”) of I-Mab (“I-Mab”), a
          company listed on the Nasdaq Global Market trading at USD1.95 per ADS (equivalent to approximately HKD15.3 per ADS).
          The aggregate consideration of the subscription is USD30.9 million (equivalent to approximately HKD242.6 million). Upon
          completion of the subscription, the Company was allocated 15,846,150 ADS and held an aggregate of 15,846,150 ADSs
          and 6,078,571 ordinary shares, representing approximately 16.1% of the total issued share capital of I-Mab. The investment
          on I-Mab will be accounted as equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and fair value
          changes will be recognised in other comprehensive income.


     24. APPROVAL OF THE INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          The interim financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 28 August 2025.




68         Everest Medicines Limited          Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                Definitions



“2024 Annual Report”              the annual report for the year ended 31 December 2024 of the Company published
                                  on 24 April 2025


“associate(s)”                    has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


“Audit Committee”                 the audit committee of the Company


“Board” or “Board of Directors”   the board of directors of our Company


“CG Code”                         the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules


“China” or the “PRC”              the People’s Republic of China, and for the purpose of this interim report only, except
                                  where the context requires otherwise, excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special
                                  Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan


“Companies Ordinance”             the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended,
                                  supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Company”, “our Company”,         Everest Medicines Limited, an exempted company with limited liability incorporated
  “the Company”, “Everest” or     under the laws of the Cayman Islands on 14 July 2017
  “Everest Medicines”


“connected person(s)”             has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“Controlling Shareholder(s)”      has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


“Director(s)”                     the director(s) of our Company


“FGF19”                           fibroblast growth factor 19, a specific ligand, for the FGF receptor 4. FGF19-
                                  FGFR4 signaling is implicated in many cellular processes, including cell proliferation,
                                  migration, metabolism and differentiation


“FGF401”                          a small molecule competitive inhibitor of FGFR4, that was discovered by Novartis AG.
                                  FGF401 is a potential new treatment for HCC and other solid tumors with activation
                                  of the FGF19-FGFR4 pathway. It is one of our drug candidates




                                                                                                                            69
     Definitions




     “FGFR4”                                   a receptor for FGF19, which requires KLB as a co-receptor. FGFR4 serves as a target
                                               for treatment of cancer because activation of the FGF19-FGFR4 pathway occurs in
                                               liver tumors and other solid tumors. Knockdown of FGF19, FGFR4 and KLB in liver
                                               cancer cell lines inhibits proliferation, and FGF19 expressed by non-tumor cells can
                                               lead to tumor formation in the liver. Fibroblast growth factor receptors (FGFRs) play
                                               a key role in regulating cell survival and proliferation, and a growing body of evidence
                                               suggest they also play a role in cancer progression


     “Group”, “our Group”, “the Group”,        the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time
       “we”, “us” or “our”


     “Hong Kong” or “HK”                       the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China


     “Hong Kong dollars” or “HK dollars”,      Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
       “HKD” or “HK$”


     “IFRS”                                    International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time by the
                                               International Accounting Standards Board


     “IND”                                     investigational new drug or investigational new drug application, also known as
                                               clinical trial application in China


     “IPO”                                     initial public offering


     “KLB”                                     Klotho beta, a co-receptor required for the activation of FGFR4 by FGF19


     “Latest Practicable Date”                 28 August 2025, being the latest practicable date for ascertaining certain information
                                               in this interim report before its publication


     “Listing”                                 the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange


     “Listing Date”                            9 October 2020, the date on which the Shares were listed and on which dealings in
                                               the Shares are first permitted to take place on the Stock Exchange


     “Listing Rules”                           the Rules governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                               Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time




70           Everest Medicines Limited      Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                   Definitions




“Main Board”                     the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock Exchange
                                 which is independent from and operates in parallel with the Growth Enterprise Market
                                 of the Stock Exchange


“Model Code”                     the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set out in
                                 Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules


“NDA”                            new drug application


“NefIgArd”                       a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, two-part global registrational phase
                                 3 clinical trial in IgA nephropathy


“Nomination Committee”           the nomination committee of the Company


“Post-IPO Share Award Scheme”    the post-IPO share award scheme adopted by the Company on 21 September 2020


“Post-IPO Share Option Scheme”   the post-IPO share option scheme adopted by the Company on 21 September 2020


“Post-IPO Share Schemes”         the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme and the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme


“Pre-IPO ESOP”                   the employee equity plan approved and adopted by our Company on 25 December
                                 2018 as amended and restated on 17 February 2020


“Pre-IPO MSOP”                   the employee stock option plan approved and adopted by our Company on 23
                                 November 2017


“Pre-IPO Share Schemes”          the Pre-IPO ESOP and Pre-IPO MSOP


“Prospectus”                     the prospectus of the Company dated 25 September 2020


“Remuneration Committee”         the remuneration committee of the Company


“Reporting Period”               the six months ended 30 June 2025


“RMB” or “Renminbi”              Renminbi, the lawful currency of PRC


“SFO”                            Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                 amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time




                                                                                                                        71
     Definitions




     “Share(s)”                           ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company, currently with a par value of
                                          US$0.0001 each


     “Shareholder(s)”                     holder(s) of the Share(s)


     “SPR206”                             SPR206 is a polymyxin derivative compound being clinically developed for treating
                                          serious infections caused by Gram-negative organisms. SPR206 is being developed
                                          as a treatment for high-risk patients with suspected or known Gram-negative
                                          infections, such as carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae, Carbapenem-resistant
                                          Acinetobacter baumannii and multi-drug resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa to
                                          prevent mortality and reduce the length of stay in the hospital setting. It is one of our
                                          drug candidates


     “Stock Exchange”                     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


     “subsidiary” or “subsidiaries”       has the meaning ascribed to it thereto in section 15 of the Companies Ordinance


     “substantial shareholder”            has the meaning ascribed to it in the Listing Rules


     “treasury shares”                    has the meaning ascribed to it in the Listing Rules


     “United States” or “U.S.”            the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas subject to its
                                          jurisdiction


     “US dollars”, “U.S. dollars”,        United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States
       “US$” or “USD”


     “%”                                  per cent




72         Everest Medicines Limited   Interim Report 2025
