CONTENTS
Corporate Information                            2
Chairman’s Statement                             4
Financial Highlights                             7
Business Highlights                              8
Management Discussion and Analysis              17
Report of Directors                             33
Directors and Senior Management                 63
Corporate Governance Report                     70
Independent Auditor’s Report                    93
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and   99
  Other Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position   101
Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity    103
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows           105
Notes to Financial Statements                  107
Five Year Financial Summary                    204
Definitions                                    205
    Corporate Information



    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Executive Directors                               Ms. Leah Liu (劉栩昕)
    Mr. Wei Fu (傅唯) (Chairman of the Board)           Ms. Yee Wa Lau (劉綺華)
    Mr. Yongqing Luo (羅永慶)
    Mr. Ian Ying Woo (何穎)                             AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
                                                      Mr. Ian Ying Woo (何穎)
    Non-Executive Directors                           Ms. Yee Wa Lau (劉綺華)
    Mr. Yubo Gong (龔聿波)
      (resigned with effect from 9 February 2024)     AUDITOR
    Ms. Lan Kang (康嵐)                                 PricewaterhouseCoopers
      (resigned with effect from 12 January 2024)     Certified Public Accountants and Registered
    Mr. William Ki Chul Cho (曹基哲)                     Public Interest Entity Auditor
      (appointed with effect from 12 January 2024)    22/F, Prince’s Building
    Mr. Honggang Feng (馮洪剛)                           Central, Hong Kong
      (appointed with effect from 9 February 2024)      (resigned with effect from 15 November 2024)


    Independent Non-executive Directors               Ernst & Young
    Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣世東)                           Certified Public Accountants and Registered
    Mr. Yifan Li (李軼梵)                                Public Interest Entity Auditor
    Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (徐海音)                            27/F, One Taikoo Place, 979 King’s Road
                                                      Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                     (appointed with effect from 15 November 2024)
    Mr. Yifan Li (李軼梵) (Chairperson)
    Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣世東)                           REGISTERED OFFICE
    Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (徐海音)                            PO Box 309, Ugland House
                                                      Grand Cayman

    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                            KY1-1104, Cayman Islands
    Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (徐海音) (Chairperson)
    Mr. Wei Fu (傅唯)                                   HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
    Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣世東)                           OF BUSINESS IN CHINA
                                                      16/F., CITIC Pacific Plaza

    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                              1168 West Nanjing Road, Jing’an District
    Mr. Wei Fu (傅唯) (Chairperson)                     Shanghai 200041, China
    Mr. Yifan Li (李軼梵)
    Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (徐海音)




2    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                             Corporate Information




PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN                        PRINCIPAL BANKER
HONG KONG                                             Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
Room 1912, 19/F, Lee Garden One                       32nd Floor, 4–4A Des Voeux Road, Central
33 Hysan Avenue                                       Hong Kong
Causeway Bay
Hong Kong                                             STOCK CODE
                                                      1952

LEGAL ADVISORS
As to Hong Kong law and United States law             COMPANY WEBSITE
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom and affiliates   www.everestmedicines.com
42/F, Edinburgh Tower, The Landmark
15 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong


As to PRC law
Zhong Lun Law Firm
6/10/11/16/17F, Two IFC, 8 Century Avenue
Pudong New Area, Shanghai 200120, PRC


As to Cayman Islands law
Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP
26th Floor, Central Plaza
18 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
PO Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square
Grand Cayman KY1-1102
Cayman Islands


HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East
Wan Chai, Hong Kong




                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   3
    Chairman’s Statement



    Dear Everest Medicines Shareholders,


    China’s macroeconomic landscape featured both opportunities and challenges in 2024. Despite the government’s introduction
    of various market stimulus policies, the domestic economy remained pressured amid sluggish global economic recovery and
    geopolitical tensions, evidenced by slower GDP growth and ongoing capital market uncertainties. These conditions also impacted
    the biotech sector, resulting in the Hang Seng Biotech Index’s decline of almost 16% in 2024. Amid this dynamic environment,
    Everest Medicine delivered an exceptional performance, with our share price surging by an impressive 132% in 2024.This
    remarkable share price appreciation was driven by the market’s appreciation of our differentiated products and strong execution
    within China’s evolving healthcare landscape.


    Chinese government policies in the healthcare sector have emphasized medication accessibility and affordability. Notably, both the
    proportion and total number of innovative drugs added to the National Reimbursement Drug List (NRDL) reached a record high
    in 2024. Leveraging this favorable policy environment, we made significant progress with the inclusion of NEFECON® on China’s
    NRDL as the first-in-disease medicine with an indication for IgA nephropathy (IgAN) in 2024, expanding its affordability for the
    approximately 5 million IgAN patients in China.


    In 2024, Everest continued to execute on its dual engine approach to growth with respect to strengthening our commercial
    organization and advancing our best-in-class assets with global rights. Last year we achieved revenues of RMB706.7 million,
    exceeding our revenue guidance of RMB700 million. This milestone highlights the Company’s effectiveness and strong adherence
    to our strategic plan, and laid a solid foundation for the Company’s sustainable development in the next phase.


    The highlight of commercial execution in 2024 was NEFECON’s commercial launch in mainland China in May, which marked the
    inception of a new era in the treatment of IgAN. Moving forward, we will proactively collaborate with local governments, hospitals
    and pharmacies for the implementation of NRDL policies, in order to benefit more Chinese IgAN patients. These developments for
    NEFECON® are expected to contribute to remarkable revenue growth in 2025 and beyond. NEFECON ® also received regulatory
    approvals in Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan and South Korea during 2024, further broadening our opportunity as we continue to
    expand its accessibility to IgAN patients in the Asian region and reinforce our leadership position in renal diseases.


    We also drove robust growth of XERAVA® (eravacycline), a first-in-class fluorocycline antibiotic, through deepening the penetration
    and uptake among our about 300 core hospitals and also by partnering with Contract Sales Organizations (CSO) to benefit patients
    outside of our self-covered hospitals. Eravacycline’s clinical breakpoint was officially approved by the Expert Committee of the
    National Health Commission on Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing and Standard Research (ChinaCAST) for clinical use in China,
    and a real-world clinical evaluation from 3,369 cases of eravacycline used in ICU, hematology, transplantation and respiratory
    departments led by the National Health Commission’s Expert Committee on Clinical Use of Antimicrobials and Evaluation of
    Antimicrobial Resistance, showed the overall treatment efficacy rate of eravacycline at the end of treatment was 90.1%, facilitating
    wider use of the drug in clinical practice.




4    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                  Chairman’s Statement




We also made significant progress in our auto-immune vertical with VELSIPITY® being approved in Macau in April 2024. The
medicine was subsequently both commercially launched in the autonomous region and had the first prescription written in
December in Guangdong province under the “Hong Kong and Macau Medicine and Equipment Connect” policy. This preferential
policy allowed us to bring this advanced innovative therapy to benefit ulcerative colitis (“UC”) patients in mainland China for the first
time. We are also pleased with the successful New Drug Application (“NDA”) submission of VELSIPITY® to the National Medical
Products Administration (“NMPA”) of China and expect to receive approval in mainland China in 2026.


In our global rights asset portfolio under development, we are extremely proud of the positive results we reported from the
preliminary analysis of our Phase 1b/2a trial of EVER001, a covalent reversible BTK inhibitor with best-in-class potential for the
treatment of autoimmune renal diseases. We hold global rights to EVER001 for the treatment of renal diseases and are developing
the first indication in primary membranous nephropathy (“pMN”). There are about 2 million patients with pMN in China, with an
estimated 80,000 to 100,000 patients in the United States, about 80,000 in Europe, and about 40,000 in Japan and there are no
approved drugs for this indication worldwide.


We have also advanced our internally developed mRNA programs. Our personalized mRNA cancer vaccine program, EVM16,
began an investigator-initiated trial (“IIT”) in 2024, designed to assess its safety, tolerability, immunogenicity, and preliminary efficacy.
EVM16 is a novel personalized therapeutic mRNA cancer vaccine independently developed by Everest. In March 2025, the first
patient has been dosed at Peking University Cancer Hospital in the IIT in China.


Looking forward to 2025, we will be focusing on rapidly increasing sales of NEFECON® to take advantage of its unique standing as
the only NRDL-listed medicine with an IgAN indication. The NRDL reimbursement of this medication starting on 1 January 2025 is
expected to drive a significant increase in volumes as well as promote enhanced patient compliance and longer treatment duration.
Another tailwind for NEFECON® growth in 2025 is expected to be its inclusion in the 2025 revised Kidney Disease Improving Global
Outcomes (KDIGO) guidelines as well as the first Chinese guideline for IgAN, which will provide local physicians with authoritative
reference for prescription. Lastly, we plan to commercialize NEFECON® in other valuable regions such as Taiwan and South Korea
in addition to Singapore and Hong Kong where there is a high unmet need for novel IgAN therapies.


We will also be focused on value creation for our novel BTK inhibitor, EVER001, for which we reported impressive positive Phase
1b/2a data in pMN in late 2024. PMN is a highly prevalent disease in China, and represents a potential Orphan Drug opportunity
in the U.S. and EU which is typically accompanied by higher pricing and longer market exclusivity periods. With our global rights
to EVER001, we will seek out opportunities to partner this attractive program outside of China to benefit from global expertise and
attractive economics, and believe this asset will boost Everest’s visibility in global markets.




                                                                                            Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024      5
    Chairman’s Statement




    In 2025, we will be intently focused on advancing our cutting-edge mRNA programs as we leverage our deep scientific experience
    to advance valuable assets with global rights. In addition to the anticipated preliminary data on our personalized cancer vaccine,
    we have received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”)’s Investigational New Drug (IND) approval for EVM14, our off-the-
    shelf tumor-associated antigen (“TAA”) vaccine. We also plan to submit IND application to China’s NMPA in the first half of this year.
    These are the first IND filings in both the U.S. and China for Everest’s self-developed global product pipeline, marking a significant
    milestone in Everest’s efforts to develop innovative mRNA therapeutics in oncology. There has been significant outside interest
    in our mRNA products including the in-vivo CAR-T program in which we will achieve preclinical candidate milestone, and we are
    diligently working to create opportunities to advance these assets via global collaborations.


    In addition to our partnering efforts, we also remain strategic with our approach to bring in first-in-class or best-in-class assets to
    complement our existing pipeline. We will leverage our current commercial platform for commercial stage or near-commercial assets
    in China to generate operational synergies and build scale. We are also interested in earlier-stage assets with global rights similar to
    EVER001, where we can create substantial shareholder value.


    On behalf of the Company, I would like to express our gratitude to the Board of Directors, employees, partners, and investors for
    your unwavering support as we continue to execute on our dual-engine strategy to solidify our leadership position in key therapeutic
    areas, develop high-value programs with global rights, and become a leading biopharma in Asia Pacific by 2030.




    Mr. Wei Fu
    Chairman


    Hong Kong
    25 March 2025




6    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                               Financial Highlights



IFRS NUMBERS:
•   Revenue for the year ended 31 December 2024 increased significantly by RMB580.7 million, or 461%, to RMB706.7 million,
    compared with RMB125.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. The revenue growth was primarily driven by the
    strong ramp up of XERAVA® sales and the successful launch of NEFECON® in mainland China. Additionally, in markets
    outside of mainland China, XERAVA® sales continued to build in Hong Kong and Singapore, NEFECON® was successfully
    launched in Hong Kong and Singapore, and VELSIPITY® was first launched in Macau and made available in Guangdong
    province through the “Hong Kong and Macau Medicines and Equipment Connect” policy.

•   Gross profit margin rose from 72.7% for the year ended 31 December 2023 to 74.6% for the year ended 31 December 2024.
    Excluding the amortisation of intangible assets, the gross profit margin increased from 79.9% in 2023 to 82.9% in 2024. The
    improvement was mainly due to the commercial launch of NEFECON® and the optimisation of product costs.

•   R&D expenses for the year ended 31 December 2024 amounted to RMB528.0 million, decreasing slightly from RMB540.1
    million for the year ended 31 December 2023. The Company remains committed to strategic R&D investments across various
    product pipelines to support long-term sustainable growth.

•   General and administrative expenses increased by RMB84.9 million, from RMB165.2 million for the year ended 31 December
    2023 to RMB250.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2024. This increase was primarily due to higher remuneration
    expenses and professional service expenses in order to support the Company’s business expansion and continued pipeline
    growth.

•   Distribution and selling expenses increased by RMB276.7 million from RMB231.4 million for the year ended 31 December
    2023 to RMB508.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, primarily due to expansion of the commercial team and
    additional commercial activities, which helped the successful launch of new products and encouraged the growth of existing
    product sales. Our commercial operational efficiency increased as commercialization expenses-to-sales ratio decreased by
    111.9 percentage point, with our continued efforts to build a more efficient and focused commercialization model.

•   The ratio of total operating expenses (including general and administrative expenses, research and development expenses,
    and distribution and selling expenses) to sales decreased by 561.8 percentage point, showing operational efficiency
    improvement.

•   Net loss for the year increased by RMB196.9 million from RMB844.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to
    RMB1,041.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2024. This increase was primarily due to a one-time, non-recurring
    impairment loss from an intangible asset related to mRNA COVID-19 vaccines in the first half of 2024.

    Excluding this impairment loss of an intangible asset, net loss narrowed by RMB107.5 million, from RMB792.5 million for the
    year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB685.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2024. This was primarily due to the
    strong product sales and improvements in operational efficiency.

•   Cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits amounted to RMB1,603.3 million as of 31 December 2024.


NON-IFRS MEASURE:
•   Adjusted loss for the year1 narrowed by RMB176.1 million, from RMB713.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to
    RMB537.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, primarily excluding the one-time and non-recurring loss on impairment
    of an intangible asset, and non-cash expenses of share-based compensation and amortization of intangible assets.

1   Adjusted loss for the year represents the loss for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company excluding the effect of certain non-cash items and one-
    time events, namely the loss on fair value changes in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, the loss on fair value changes of preferred shares (current
    financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss), share-based compensation loss, impairment loss on an intangible asset and intangible assets
    amortization. For the calculation and reconciliation of this non-IFRS measure, please refer to the paragraph numbered 16 under the heading “Financial Review”
    below.


                                                                                                               Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024                  7
    Business Highlights



    During the year ended 31 December 2024, and as of the Latest Practicable Date, Everest executed against its dual-engine strategic
    plan and significantly strengthened its commercial organization while advancing multiple attractive assets in its pipeline. We now
    have three commercialized products addressing large target markets in renal, anti-infective and auto-immune diseases. With respect
    to our pipeline to which we have global rights, we announced positive interim results from EVER001 in pMN and made significant
    strides on mRNA cancer vaccines as well as our in-vivo CAR-T program. These early-stage assets are expected to become
    increasingly important to our growth story in 2025.


    RENAL PRODUCTS PORTFOLIO

    NEFECON®, our anchor drug candidate in the renal therapeutic area, is a patented oral, delayed release formulation of budesonide,
    a corticosteroid with potent glucocorticoid activity and weak mineralocorticoid activity that undergoes substantial first pass
    metabolism. The formulation is designed as a delayed release capsule that is enteric coated so that it remains intact until it releases
    budesonide in the distal ileum. Each capsule contains coated beads of budesonide, which targets mucosal B-cells present in the
    ileum where the disease is believed to originate, as per the predominant pathogenesis models. NEFECON® received China NMPA
    approval for the treatment of primary IgAN in November 2023 and launched in mainland China in May 2024.


    —     In March 2024, the Company’s partner Calliditas Therapeutics AB (“Calliditas”) (which was acquired by Asahi Kasei
          Corporation in September 2024) announced the U.S. FDA has granted an Orphan Drug exclusivity period of seven years for
          NEFECON®, expiring in December 2030 based on Calliditas obtaining full approval for this drug product in December 2023.


    —     In March 2024, the Singapore Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) approved NEFEGAN®, known in other Everest territories as
          NEFECON®, for the treatment of primary IgAN in adults at risk of disease progression. Singapore marks the third region in
          Everest territories that received NDA approval after Macau and mainland China.


    —     In April 2024, Calliditas published additional sub-analyses of NEFECON®’s Phase 3 NefIgArd study. One of the sub-analyses
          showed that during the 2-year period (9 months of treatment with NEFECON®, followed by a 15-month observation period
          after discontinuation), significant benefits in estimated glomerular filtration rate (“eGFR”) were observed regardless of baseline
          UPCR levels (<0.8 g/g or ≥0.8 g/g). This study also showed that patients with UPCR <0.8 g/g who received NEFECON®
          achieved an eGFR slope of -0.25 mL/min/1.73 m3 per year, supporting the treatment target of <1 ml/min/1.73 m3 per year
          with the objective to avoid kidney failure in their lifetime. Another sub-analyses demonstrated that, irrespective of baseline
          UPCR levels and use of rescue medication, time to confirmed 30% eGFR reduction or kidney failure was significantly delayed.


    —     In April 2024, Calliditas announced that the global open-label extension (OLE) study to the Phase 3 NefIgArd study showed
          a treatment response consistent with the NefIgArd study for the endpoints of urine protein to creatinine ratio (“UPCR”) and
          eGFR at 9 months in all IgAN patients, including those who had previously received NEFECON® in the NefIgArd study. The
          safety data after 9 months of treatment or retreatment with NEFECON® in patients who completed the NefIgArd study were
          consistent with previously reported safety data.




8    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                              Business Highlights




—   In May 2024, the Hong Kong Department of Health approved NEFECON® for the treatment of primary IgAN in adults at risk of
    disease progression. Hong Kong marks the fourth region in Everest territories where NEFECON® has received NDA approval
    after Singapore, Macau and mainland China.


—   In May 2024, Everest announced the successful launch of NEFECON® in mainland China, which has the highest prevalence of
    primary glomerular diseases in the world. The commercialization of NEFECON® in the Chinese market represents a significant
    milestone for Everest and a breakthrough for IgAN patients in China. The first prescription of NEFECON® was issued through
    an internet hospital, enhancing speed and convenience of delivering medication to patients and improving accessibility to the
    treatment.


—   In June 2024, Calliditas announced an additional efficacy analysis of NEFECON ® in IgAN at the 61st European Renal
    Association Congress. An anchored matching-adjusted indirect comparison (MAIC) was performed to estimate the relative
    effect of NEFECON® or sparsentan on the absolute eGFR change from baseline at 9, 12, and 24 months, with common
    comparators of optimized renin-angiotensin system inhibition for NefIgArd and irbesartan from the phase 3 PROTECT study.
    Using patient-level data from NefIgArd and trial-level data from PROTECT, the study demonstrated that treatment with
    NEFECON® 16 mg/day for 9 months was associated with greater eGFR benefit compared with continuous treatment with
    sparsentan 400 mg/day over 2 years.


—   In July 2024, China’s NMPA accepted the submission of a supplemental New Drug Application seeking full approval of
    NEFECON® based on the complete clinical data from the global Phase 3 NeflgArd study.


—   In September 2024, NEFECON® was included in the “KDIGO 2024 Clinical Practice Guideline for the Management of
    Immunoglobulin A Nephrophthy (IgAN) and Immunoglobulin A Vasculitis (IgAV)” draft for public review. The draft guideline
    notes that NEFECON® is the only treatment to date proven to reduce the levels of pathogenic forms of IgA and IgA immune
    complexes, and recommends treatment with a 9-month course of NEFECON® for IgAN patients who are at risk of progressive
    kidney function loss.


—   In October 2024, the Taiwan Food and Drug Administration approved NEFECON® indicated “to reduce the loss of kidney
    function in adult patients with primary IgAN who are at risk for disease progression”. Taiwan was the fifth region in Everest
    Medicines’ authorized area to approve NEFECON® after Macau, mainland China, Singapore, and Hong Kong.


—   In October 2024, “Kidney 360” magazine published the complete two-year subpopulation data from Chinese patients in the
    Phase 3 NefIgArd clinical trial of NEFECON® under the title “Efficacy and Safety of NEFECON® in Patients with Immunoglobulin
    A Nephropathy from mainland China: 2-Year NefIgArd Trial Results”. The article states that during the 2-year treatment and
    observation period, the Chinese subpopulation data showed improvements in kidney protection, proteinuria reduction, and
    microhematuria that were numerically greater than the outcomes of global population.




                                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   9
     Business Highlights




     —    In October 2024, additional analyses of the NefIgArd study for NEFECON® were presented at the 2024 American Society of
          Nephrology Kidney Week (ASN Kidney Week 2024). One of the analyses showed that the ability of NEFECON® to specifically
          modulate pathogenic Gd-IgA1 production in the GALT while leaving systemic IgA responses and total IgA and IgG levels
          unchanged, supports its use as a generally well tolerated, disease-modifying, locally-acting treatment option for IgAN. Another
          analysis demonstrated that real-world use of NEFECON® was well-tolerated and can reduce loss of kidney function in patients
          who receive ≥9 months of treatment.


     —    In November 2024, NEFECON® received full approval from the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety in South Korea, indicated for
          the treatment of adults with primary IgAN with a urine protein excretion ≥1.0 g/day (or urine protein-to-creatinine ratio ≥0.8 g/g).


     —    In November 2024, NEFECON® was included in NRDL in mainland China which takes effect on 1 January 2025. NEFECON®’s
          inclusion in the NRDL acknowledges its significant clinical value in improving patient care and with approximately 5 million
          IgAN patients in China and over 100,000 newly diagnosed patients annually, there is a significant unmet clinical demand in the
          country.


     —    In December 2024, the first prescription for NEFECON® was issued at Hong Kong Gleneagles Hospital, marking a new era
          for the disease-modifying treatment of IgAN in the region. It represents the third commercial launch of NEFECON® in the year,
          following its launch in mainland China and Singapore.


     Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:

     —    On 1 January 2025, with the official implementation of the latest update of NRDL, NRDL pricing now applies to NEFECON®
          which will benefit more IgAN patients. NEFECON® is the only approved treatment for primary IgAN in adults at risk of disease
          progression in China.


     —    In March 2025, the HSA has granted full approval of NEFEGAN® indicated “to reduce the loss of kidney function in adults with
          primary immunoglobulin A nephropathy (IgAN) who are at risk for disease progression with a urine protein excretion ≥1.0 g/
          day (or urine protein-to-creatinine ratio ≥0.8 g/g)”.


     —    We expect to commercially launch NEFECON® in Taiwan and South Korea in 2025.


     —    We expect to receive NEFECON® full approval from NMPA in 2025.


     —    We expect inclusion of NEFECON® in the KDIGO 2025 guidelines as well as in the first Chinese guideline for IgAN in 2025.




10    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                   Business Highlights




EVER001 is a next-generation covalent reversible Bruton’s tyrosine kinase (BTK) inhibitor with potentially best-in-class
characteristics for the treatment of autoimmune renal diseases. Compared to covalent irreversible BTK inhibitors, EVER001 offers
improved selectivity while maintaining high potency, thereby potentially avoiding many of the side effects associated with earlier-
generation BTK inhibitors. Everest Medicines holds global rights to EVER001 for the treatment of renal diseases.


—     In December 2024, Everest announced positive results in the ongoing Phase 1b/2a clinical trial for the treatment of pMN with
      EVER001. In an analysis of the data available as of 13 September 2024, we observed that of the patients in the low-dose
      cohort who have completed 36 weeks of treatment, 9 out of 11 (81.8%) achieved overall clinical remission and 10 out of 11
      (91%) achieved immunological complete remission (ICR). In the high dose cohort, 6 out of 7 (85.7%) patients achieved overall
      clinical remission and all patients achieved ICR by week 24. EVER001 was generally safe and well tolerated. No clinically
      significant adverse events typically associated with earlier-generation BTK inhibitors, such as bleeding, arrhythmia, severe
      infection, leukopenia, thrombocytopenia, or severe liver function impairment, were reported.


Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:

—     We expect to report one-year follow up data of the Phase 1b/2a clinical trial in 2025.


INFECTIOUS DISEASE PORTFOLIO

XERAVA® (eravacycline) is a novel, fully synthetic, broad-spectrum, fluorocycline, parenteral antibiotic of the tetracycline class
that has shown broad in vitro activity against Gram-negative, Gram-positive and anaerobic pathogens, including those pathogens
that have acquired multidrug resistance (MDR) and are prevalent in China. XERAVA® is currently approved for the treatment of
complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI) in the US, EU, UK, Singapore, mainland China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan. XERAVA ®
was licensed to Everest by Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, Inc., an affiliate of Innoviva Specialty Therapeutics, Inc.


—     In January 2024, eravacycline’s clinical breakpoint was officially approved by the Expert Committee of the National Health
      Commission on Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing and Standard Research (ChinaCAST) for clinical use in China.


—     In November 2024, data on eravacycline (XERAVA®), were presented in Los Angeles, California at IDWeek 2024. The first
      study evaluated the in vitro antimicrobial activity of eravacycline against Carbapenem-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii
      (CRAB). Using the recently approved, ChinaCAST breakpoint of 1 µg/mL the results showed a high susceptibility rate of
      eravacycline against CRAB. The second study evaluated the in vitro activity of eravacycline against 23,127 global clinical
      isolates of major Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, including drug-resistant strains collected from various regions
      such as Asia, Europe, and North America from 2018 to 2022. Since its approval in 2018, eravacycline has consistently
      maintained a high level of susceptibility against clinically relevant pathogens across diverse geographic regions and infection
      sites which supports eravacycline’s use in treating complicated intra-abdominal infections caused by both Gram-negative and
      Gram-positive bacteria.




                                                                                        Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   11
     Business Highlights




     —     In November 2024, in a real-world clinical evaluation led by the National Health Commission’s Expert Committee on Clinical
           Use of Antimicrobials and Evaluation of Antimicrobial Resistance, the final report showed that the overall efficacy rate of
           eravacycline treatment for 3 days was 91.1%, and the overall treatment efficacy rate at the end of treatment was 90.1%.


     Cefepime-taniborbactam is an investigational agent that is a combination of cefepime, a fourth-generation cephalosporin, and
     the novel beta-lactamase inhibitor (BLI), taniborbactam, that exhibits broad coverage of both serine- and metallo-beta-lactamases.
     In combination with cefepime, taniborbactam is under development as a new treatment option for patients with serious bacterial
     infections caused by difficult-to-treat drug resistant gram-negative pathogens, including carbapenem-resistant Enterobacterales
     (CRE) and carbapenem-resistant or multidrug-resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa (CRPA/MDR-PA).


     —     In February 2024, The New England Journal of Medicine published the results of the CERTAIN-1 Phase 3 clinical study of
           the investigational agent cefepime-taniborbactam for the treatment of adult patients with complicated urinary tract infections
           (“cUTI”), including acute pyelonephritis. The results showed that cefepime-taniborbactam was superior to meropenem for the
           treatment of cUTI that included acute pyelonephritis, with a similar safety profile to meropenem.


     Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:

     —         We expect to submit an NDA for cefepime-taniborbactam in cUTI to China NMPA in 2025.


     AUTOIMMUNE DISEASE PORTFOLIO

     VELSIPITY® (etrasimod) is a once-daily, oral, sphingosine 1-phosphate (S1P) receptor modulator that selectively binds with S1P
     receptor subtypes 1, 4, and 5. Regulatory approvals for VELSIPITY ® in moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis (UC) have been
     granted in US, EU, Canada, Australia, Singapore, UK, Switzerland, Israel and Macau.


     —     In February 2024, our licensing partner Pfizer Inc. announced that the European Commission (“EC”) granted marketing
           authorization for VELSIPITY® in the European Union to treat patients 16 years of age and older with moderately to severely
           active UC who have had an inadequate response, lost response, or were intolerant to either conventional therapy, or a
           biological agent.


     —     In March 2024, the Pharmaceutical Administration Bureau of the Macau Special Administrative Region, China, accepted
           Everest’s NDA for VELSIPITY® for the treatment of adult patients with moderately to severely active UC. In April, the bureau
           approved the NDA, marking the first approval of VELSIPITY® in Everest territories.




12    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                              Business Highlights




—   In July 2024, Everest announced positive topline data results of the maintenance period from a multi-center Phase 3 clinical
    trial of VELSIPITY® in Asia for the treatment of subjects with moderately-to-severely active UC. The data of maintenance
    treatment confirmed that, after 40 weeks of treatment of 2mg once-daily VELSIPITY or placebo, VELSIPITY® demonstrated
    significant clinical and statistical improvements over placebo in the primary and all key secondary endpoints (p<0.0001), and
    other secondary endpoints (including mucosal healing and endoscopic normalization, both p<0.0001). The safety profile of
    VELSIPITY® was consistent with previous studies, with no new safety signals observed.


—   In October 2024, Everest announced that, through the “Hong Kong and Macau Medicine and Equipment Connect” policy,
    VELSIPITY® was officially approved for patients with moderately to severely active UC by the Guangdong Provincial Medical
    Products Administration and the first prescription for VELSIPITY® was written at Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital in
    Guangdong in December. VELSIPITY® is now Everest’s third commercialized product.


–   In November 2024, the full induction period data results from a multi-center Phase 3 clinical trial of VELSIPITY® in Asia on
    the treatment of moderately to severely active UC with etrasimod was presented in an oral presentation at the 32nd United
    European Gastroenterology Week (UEGW 2024). The induction period results showed that all primary and key secondary
    efficacy endpoints in the etrasimod treatment group achieved statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements
    compared to the placebo group. The treatment differences in clinical remission, endoscopic improvement, and clinical
    response rates were 20.4%, 28.6%, and 32.0%, respectively (all P-values <0.0001). Patients treated with etrasimod achieved
    clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements in mucosal healing (P<0.0001) and endoscopic normalization
    (P=0.0003).


—   In December 2024, the Department of Health of the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, China,
    accepted Everest’s NDA for VELSIPITY® for the treatment of adult patients with moderately to severely active UC.


—   In December 2024, the first prescription of VELSIPITY® in Macau was issued at Kiang Wu Hospital and VELSIPITY®
    was included in the Catalog of Pharmaceutical and Medical Devices Imported from Hong Kong and Macau for the Nine
    Municipalities in Guangdong Province within the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area, published by the
    Guangdong Provincial Medical Products Administration and Health Commission of Guangdong Province.


—   In December 2024, the NMPA of China accepted the NDA for VELSIPITY® for the treatment of patients with moderately to
    severely active UC. We expect to receive NDA approval in 2026.




                                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   13
     Business Highlights




     Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:

     –       In February 2025, Everest announced the presentation of maintenance data from its multi-center Phase 3 clinical trial of
             etrasimod in Asia at the 20th European Crohn’s and Colitis Organization Congress (ECCO 2025). The results demonstrated
             that treatment with etrasimod 2 mg resulted in a clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvement in the primary
             and all secondary endpoints at the end of maintenance period. A statistically significant greater proportion of etrasimod-
             treated patients achieved clinical remission at Week 40 compared with placebo. A statistically significant greater proportion
             of etrasimod-treated patients achieved endoscopic improvement and clinical response at week 40 compared with placebo.
             Other secondary endpoints of mucosal healing, endoscopic normalization, and histological remission also significantly favored
             patients treated with etrasimod compared with placebo. Notably, mucosal healing as measured by a central read endoscopic
             subscore ≤1 (excluding friability) with a Geboes Index score <2.0, was achieved in 51.9% of the etrasimod treated patients
             compared to 8.8% in the placebo group (2-sided p-value <0.0001). The safety profile of etrasimod during the maintenance
             period was consistent with previous studies, with no new safety findings observed.


     —       In March 2025, Everest announced the launch of a construction project for etrasimod’s local production at Jiashan factory.
             The project is expected to achieve an annual production capacity of 50 million tablets upon full operation. The planned supply
             regions include mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, South Korea, and Singapore, covering Everest’s licensing
             regions in Asia.


     —       We expect to receive VELSIPITY® NDA approval in UC in Hong Kong in 2025.


     —       We expect to submit NDA for VELSIPITY® in UC in Taiwan and South Korea in 2025.


     —       We will continue to expand VELSIPITY®’s accessibility in the Greater Bay area through the “Hong Kong and Macau Medicine
             and Equipment Connect” policy in 2025.


     Zetomipzomib is a novel, first-in-class, selective immunoproteasome inhibitor currently being evaluated for immune-mediated
     disorders. It was licensed from Kezar Life Sciences (“Kezar”) in 2023. Everest and Kezar collaborate on the development of
     zetomipzomib in autoimmune diseases such as autoimmune hepatitis.


     —       In February 2024, Everest announced that the Center for Drug Evaluation (“CDE”) of China’s NMPA approved Kezar’s IND
             application for initiation of the Phase 2b PALIZADE trial in China of zetomipzomib in patients with lupus nephritis (“LN”).


     —       In July 2024, Everest announced that the first patient had been dosed in China with zetomipzomib in the global Phase 2b
             PALIZADE trial for the treatment of active LN.


     —       In September 2024, PALIZADE was placed on clinical hold following the recommendation of the Independent Data Monitoring
             Committee. In October, Kezar made the strategic decision to terminate the PALIZADE trial and focus clinical development
             efforts on zetomipzomib in autoimmune hepatitis (AIH).


     —       Zetomipzomib is currently being tested in PORTOLA, a placebo-controlled, randomized, double-blind Phase 2a clinical trial
             evaluating the efficacy and safety of the molecule in patients with AIH. AIH is a rare chronic disease in which the immune
             system attacks the liver and causes inflammation and tissue damage, severely impacting patients’ physical health and quality
             of life. The study has completed enrollment of 24 patients, and Kezar expects to report topline results in 1H 2025.



14       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                 Business Highlights




mRNA PLATFORM

Everest has built end-to-end capabilities across its proprietary mRNA platform. Our R&D team is developing multiple mRNA-based
therapeutic products including personalized cancer vaccines, tumor-associated antigen vaccines, immunomodulatory cancer
vaccines, in vivo CAR-T program, as well as next generation lipid nanoparticle (“LNP”) delivery systems to enhance cell-mediated
immune response. Our mRNA manufacturing facility in Jiashan, Zhejiang Province in China is designed to comply with global
good manufacturing practice (“GMP”) standards and is able to produce at clinical- and commercial-scale. Everest owns full global
intellectual property rights to its mRNA therapeutic programs.


In 2024, the Company advanced its self-developed mRNA pipeline products, the first of which is EVM16, a novel personalized
therapeutic mRNA cancer vaccine independently developed by Everest. It contains neoantigens with high immunogenicity potential,
predicted based on the unique tumor mutations of each patient using Everest’s proprietary AI-based neoantigen prediction
algorithm, EVER-NEO-1. The vaccine is designed to encode dozens of tumor neoantigens. This platform will be an important part of
our discovery efforts going forward.


—     In February 2024, Everest announced the termination of the collaboration and license agreements with Providence
      Therapeutics Holdings Inc. Everest continues to develop its own therapeutic vaccine products utilizing the mRNA platform.


—     In August 2024, Everest announced the launch of an IIT for a personalized mRNA cancer vaccine, EVM16, under the study
      EVM16CX01, at the Peking University Cancer Hospital and Fudan University’s Cancer Hospital. This trial is designed to assess
      the safety, tolerability, immunogenicity, and preliminary efficacy of EVM16 injection as a monotherapy and in combination with
      PD-1 antibody for patients with advanced or recurrent solid tumors. EVM16CX01 is the first-in-human (“FIH”) trial for EVM16.


Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:

—     In March 2025, Everest announced that the first patient has been dosed with the Company’s internally developed personalized
      mRNA cancer vaccine EVM16 at Peking University Cancer Hospital in the investigator-initiated clinical trial (IIT) EVM16CX01.


—     In March 2025, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has cleared its Investigational New Drug (IND) application for
      EVM14, a TAA vaccine. EVM14 is Everest’s first internally developed mRNA therapeutic vaccine to receive FDA IND approval,
      marking a significant milestone in the Company’s efforts to develop innovative mRNA therapeutics in oncology.


—     We expect to submit IND application for EVM14 in China in 2025.


Cautionary Statement required by Rule 18A.08(3) of the Listing Rules: The Company cannot guarantee that it will be able to
develop, or ultimately market, any of the above drug candidates successfully. Shareholders and potential investors of the Company
are advised to exercise due care when dealing in the Shares.




                                                                                      Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   15
     Business Highlights




     KEY CORPORATE DEVELOPMENTS

     —    In March 2024, the Company announced the appointments of Ms. Sandra Zeng as Chief Medical Officer and Mr. Rico
          Liang as Chief Product Officer. Ms. Sandra Zeng has more than 20 years’ experience and achievements in oncology and
          immunology industries across diversified functions, including pharmaceutical discovery, development and medical affairs in
          U.S. and China. Mr. Rico Liang has more than two decades of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, primarily focused
          on in medical affairs, marketing & sales management, and clinical operations. He has also helped to build out a fully functional
          company in China with innovative and highly effective operation systems.


     —    We are working with partners to establish an innovative ecosystem for kidney disease diagnostics and treatment, with the aim
          to provide IgAN patients with a tool to enhance disease diagnosis and track disease progression without biopsy.


     For details of any of the foregoing, please refer to the rest of this annual report and, where applicable, the Company’s prior
     announcements.




16    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                           Management Discussion and Analysis



OVERVIEW

We are a biopharmaceutical company that integrates discovery, licensing, clinical development, commercialization and
manufacturing of novel and differentiated therapies to address critical unmet medical needs around the world. Since the founding of
the Company in 2017, we have strategically built a portfolio of first-in-class or best-in-class commercialized products and clinical-
stage candidates and are working to complement the existing pipeline through in-house discovery efforts and in-licensing. Currently,
our commercial product portfolio consists of three launched products — NEFECON®, XERAVA®, and VELSIPITY® with additional
approvals expected in the next two years. We plan to submit an NDA for cefepime-taniborbactam in our anti-infective franchise in
2025.


We are building a fully integrated Asia-based leading global biopharmaceutical company encompassing the whole value chain of
capabilities, including discovery, CMC, process and quality development, clinical development, and manufacturing in compliance
with GMP, and are proud of our robust commercial infrastructure. 2024 was the second year of commercial operations for Everest
in China and we are pleased to have exceeded our initial revenue guidance of RMB700 million during this period. Our strong
performance is a testament to the combined efforts and focus of our entire company and its leadership team and underscores the
significant unmet medical needs addressed by our products.


PRODUCT PIPELINE

Everest has built a strong product pipeline across renal, anti-infective, and autoimmune diseases that are all potentially first-in-
class treatment or best-in-class assets. These programs encompass short-term, mid-term and long-term opportunities which are
collectively expected to generate significant revenue growth for the Company and create value for its shareholders. The following
table summarizes our key pipeline and the development status of each drug and vaccine candidate as of the Latest Practicable
Date.




                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                                                                                        Everest Clinical Status                                Global
     NDA/BLA          Molecule                          Commercial
                                       Partner                                 Indication                                                           BLA/NDA                    Clinical
     approval        (Modality)                           Right                                   Pre-clinical   Phase 1      Phase 2   Phase 3                  Approval
                                                                                                                                                   Application                 Status

                                                        Greater China,
                                                                                                   Approved in Taiwan, Macau, Hong Kong, Mainland China,                    Approved in US,
                     NEFECON®                          Singapore, South      IgA nephropathy
                                                                                                   South Korea and Singapore                                                      EU
                                                            Korea
          2023
                      XERAVA®                         Greater China, South                                                                                                  Approved in US,
                                                                                   cIAI            Approved in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Singapore
                    (eravacycline)                      Korea, SE Asia                                                                                                          EU, UK

                                                                                                                                                                            Approved in US,
                                                                             Ulcerative Colitis    Approved in Macau and Singapore
                      Velsipity™                      Greater China, South                                                                                                        EU


          2024–26
                     (etrasimod)                       Korea, Singapore           CD, EoE
                                                                                                                                                                                Phase 2
                                                                             (2026 and beyond)
                      Cefepime-                       Greater China, South                                                                                                   Priority review
                                                                                   cUTI            Priority review for mainland China
                    taniborbactam                       Korea, SE Asia                                                                                                       granted in US
                                                        Greater China,
                                                                               Autoimmune
                    Zetomipzomib                        South Korea,                                                                                                           Phase 2a
                                                           SE Asia
                                                                                Hepatitis

        2027 and      EVER001
                                                                                 Primary
                                                          Worldwide            Membranous                                                                                    Phase 1b/2a
                     (XNW1011)
         beyond                                                                Nephropathy
                                                        Greater China,
                      EVER206                                                 Gram negative
                                                        South Korea,                                                                                                            Phase 1
                      (SPR206)                             SE Asia
                                                                                infections

                     Personalized
                                     Self-developed       Worldwide               Cancer                                                                                      IIT initiated
                    cancer vaccine

                     TAA cancer                                                                                                                                                 US IND
        Discovery
                                     Self-developed       Worldwide               Cancer
                      vaccine                                                                                                                                                  approved


        platform
                       Immune-
                      modulatory     Self-developed       Worldwide               Cancer                                                                                        Pre-IND
                    cancer vaccine
                                                                                Cancer &
                    In vivo CAR-T    Self-developed       Worldwide                                                                                                           Pre-clinical
                                                                               Autoimmune


     BUSINESS REVIEW

     Pipeline Outlook

     2025 promises to be a year of important data readouts and significant advancement in our best-in-class programs which carry
     global rights. In 2024 we were pleased to report positive data from a preliminary analysis of a Phase 1b/2a clinical trial of EVER001,
     a novel BTK Inhibitor for the treatment of primary membranous nephropathy. We expect to advance this trial further in 2025 and
     plan to report one-year follow-up data in the second half of 2025.


     Among our self-developed programs, the first patients have been dosed in our IIT for personalized cancer vaccine and preliminary
     data on safety and immunogenicity are expected this year. In parallel, we have received FDA’s IND approval for EVM14, our off-the-
     shelf TAA cancer vaccine. We also plan to submit IND application to China’s NMPA for EVM14 in the first half of this year. It marks
     the first U.S. IND submission and approval for Everest, and the first IND applications for Everest’s self-developed pipeline.




18    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




With respect to our late-stage programs, we plan to submit the NDA for cefepime-taniborbactam to the NMPA in mainland China
for the treatment of cUTI in 2025. We will also submit NDAs for VELSIPITY® in South Korea and Taiwan and expect to receive NDA
approval for this product in Hong Kong in the second half of the year.


Commercialization

Our commercial organization continued to flourish in 2024 as we launched and grew three commercial products, NEFECON®,
XERAVA®, and VELSIPITY®.


In our renal franchise, our team successfully launched our leading drug product, NEFECON® in mainland China in May 2024. We
employed a broad array of sales channels, including traditional in-person detailing of hospitals as well as the innovative channel of
online prescribing, to meet the urgent and significant unmet needs of an estimated 5 million IgAN patients. Our 150-person sales
team had penetrated 600 to 700 hospitals by the end of 2024, which encompass over 60% of the addressable IgAN population. To
further broaden IgAN patient access, NEFECON® was included in China’s 2024 NRDL which went into effect on 1 January 2025.
We expect this significantly increased affordability to drive rapid penetration of NEFECON® throughout its patient population.


Another highlight for NEFECON® in 2024 was its inclusion in the “KDIGO 2024 Clinical Practice Guideline for the Management of
Immunoglobulin A Nephrophthy (IgAN) and Immunoglobulin A Vasculitis (IgAV)” draft for public review. The draft guideline points out
that NEFECON® is the only treatment to date proven to reduce the levels of pathogenic forms of IgA and IgA immune complexes
and recommends treatment with a 9-month course of NEFECON® for patients who are at risk of progressive kidney function loss
with IgAN. It also suggests that many patients may need either repeated 9-month treatment cycles or a reduced-dose maintenance
regimen in order to produce a sustained clinical response in terms of proteinuria reduction or stabilization of eGFR. The safety and
efficacy of repeated treatment was also supported by our partner Calliditas’ global OLE study which showed consistent treatment
response across endpoints of UPCR and eGFR at 9 months across all IgAN patients, including those who had previously received
NEFECON® in the NefIgArd study.




                                                                                        Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     In our anti-infective portfolio, Everest continued to grow XERAVA® sales through deeper penetration of our covered core hospitals
     and we began partnering with CSOs to benefit patients outside of our core target hospitals, although we still anticipate our own
     commercial team to generate the majority of sales for XERAVA®. Eravacycline’s clinical breakpoint was officially approved by
     ChinaCAST for clinical use in China, and more than 100 hospitals in China have already adopted the new breakpoint in 2024,
     facilitating wider use of the drug in clinical practice. Inclusion of eravacycline in the Catalogue of Hierarchical Management of Clinical
     Application of Antimicrobial Drugs in Shanghai, Beijing and Guangdong last year underscores recognition of the drug’s clinical
     benefits by China’s key opinion leaders. In addition, eravacycline was included into The Surgical Infection Society Guidelines on the
     Management of Intra-Abdominal Infection: 2024 Update and China’s Clinical Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines for Multidrug-
     resistant Bacterial Infections in Renal Transplantation, Infectious Diseases Society of America 2024 Guidance on the Treatment of
     Antimicrobial-Resistant Gram-Negative Infections and Chinese Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of Pneumonia
     in the Elderly (2024 Edition). Inclusion in these guidelines is expected to broaden physician awareness of XERAVA® while also
     encouraging broader product utilization. With the accumulation of clinical experience and the conduct of clinical studies by Chinese
     doctors, the following articles were published in 2024. These publications have significantly enhanced awareness and provided
     more references for broader clinical applications.


                                                                                                                                Publication
      Title                                                                           Publication Name                                  Date

      Clinical Analysis of Eracycline in the Treatment of Neurologically Critically   Chinese Journal of Critical Care &          2024/3/18
      Immunosuppressed Patients with Carbapenem-resistant Acinetobacter               Intensive Care Medicine(Electronic
      Baumannii Pneumonia                                                             Edition)


      Comparison of Efficacy and Safety of Eracycline and Ertapenem in the            Chinese Journal of Infection and            2024/5/20
      Treatment of Complicated Intra-abdominal Infections in Chinese Adults           Chemotherapy


      Establishment of epidemiological cut-off values for eravacycline,               J Antimicrob Chemother                      2024/6/14
      against Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Enterobacter cloacae,
      Acinetobacter baumannii and Staphylococcus aureus


      Research progress of a new antibacterial drug eravacycline                      Chinese Journal of New Drugs and             2024/7/1
                                                                                      Clinical Remedies


      Dynamic evolution of ceftazidime-avibactam resistance from a single             International Journal of Antimicrobial       2024/8/1
      patient through the IncX3_NDM-5 plasmid transfer and blaKPC mutation Agents


      In vitro antibacterial activity of cefotaxime/avibactam and eravacycline        Chinese Journal of Clinical Laboratory      2024/8/28
      against CRKP                                                                    Science




20    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                       Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                                                                                         Publication
 Title                                                                        Publication Name                                  Date

 Efficacy of eravacycline on pulmonary infection Caused by carbapenem-        Journal of Chinese Practical                2024/10/6
 resistant Acinetobacter baumanni                                             Diagnosis and Therapy


 Comparison of the efficacy and safety of eravacycline and polymyxin in       Natl Med J China                           2024/10/15
 the treatment of multidrug-resistant complex abdominal infections


 Efficacy and safety of eravacycline (ERV) in treating infections caused by   Expert Review Of Anti-infective            2024/10/22
 Gram-negative pathogens: a systematic review and meta-analysis               Therapy


 In vitro activities of the essential antimicrobial agents including          International Journal of Antimicrobial      2024/11/1
 aztreonam/avibactam, eravacycline, colistin, and other comparators           Agents
 against carbapenem-resistant bacteria with different carbapenemase
 genes: a multicenter study in China, 2021


 Comparative evaluation of eravacycline susceptibility testing methods        Journal of Antimicrobial                   2024/11/21
 in 587 clinical carbapenem-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii isolates:       Chemotherapy
 broth microdilution, MIC test strip and disc diffusion

We were pleased to have launched our first autoimmune therapeutic, VELSIPITY® which was approved in Macau in April and in
Singapore in May, and successfully launched for sales in those regions. Under the “Hong Kong and Macau Medicine and Equipment
Connect” policy (“the Connect Policy”), VELSITPITY® was qualified for early access in nine cities in Guangdong province and its first
prescription was written at Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital in December. To date, VELSIPITY® has been made available at five
designated medical institutions in Guangdong (First Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-sen University, Foshan Fosun Chancheng Hospital,
Shenzhen Hospital of Southern Medical University, Guangzhou United Family Healthcare and Shenzhen Qianhai Shekou Free Trade
Zone Hospital) to benefit patients in mainland China with urgent needs for advanced innovative medicines in UC.




                                                                                        Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   21
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Commercialization Outlook

     In 2025 we will continue to build on the strong commercial foundation established in 2024.


     In our renal franchise, we will work to rapidly ramp NEFECON® sales after its inclusion on the NRDL which makes the medicine
     much more affordable and broadly accessible to patients. We are targeting rapid progress in NRDL implementation through either
     hospital listing or dual-channel pharmacies in the first quarter of 2025. We are also aiming to expand our list of core coverage
     hospitals to about 800 in 2025, which includes over 80% of the potential NEFECON® market with about 200 sales representatives.
     Everest also anticipates official inclusion of NEFECON® in the 2025 revised Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO)
     guidelines as well as the first Chinese guideline for IgAN as a first-line treatment for IgAN patients. This is expected to help further
     grow our sales volumes by giving treating physicians an industry standard reference which instills in them more confidence in
     NEFECON®. While we focus on maximizing the NRDL opportunity in mainland China, we also plan to expand availability of this first-
     in-disease medication to more IgAN patients across other valuable Asian regions including Taiwan and South Korea.


     Within our anti-infective portfolio, we will continue to drive penetration of XERAVA® among our core hospitals by enhancing doctors’
     awareness, which would lead to more prescriptions at hospitals with significant growth potential. We will also drive early and
     appropriate use of XERAVA® to establish the medicine as a fundamental option in empirical multi-drug resistant bacteria infection
     therapy. In addition to our own sales network, we will further optimize promotion through the contract sales organization model in
     non-core markets where we believe XERAVA® prescription can be broadened.


     VELSIPITY® is our newest launch and in 2025, while we will facilitate the NDA review by NMPA with approval expected in 2026,
     we will also accelerate its availability in designated medical institutions under the Connect Policy for early access to VELSIPITY ®
     in mainland China. Additionally, VELSIPITY®’s real-world study is planned in Greater Bay to provide physicians with more clinical
     guidance with the product.


     Business Development

     With the promising data generated by EVER001, our most advanced product with global rights, we will look to potentially engage
     in out-licensing activities to create value for all our early-stage assets with global rights. For these assets, we plan to pursue global
     partnership opportunities and seek ways to maximize shareholder value with entities who have global expertise and deals that offer
     attractive economics. Our business development strategy for in-licensing remains focused on first-in-class or best-in-class assets in
     less crowded, high value therapeutic areas such as renal diseases, autoimmune disorders, and anti-infective categories. We intend
     to leverage the strength of our existing commercial platforms to pursue commercial-stage or near-commercial-stage assets in China
     to create operational synergies and build scale. In parallel, we plan to evaluate earlier-stage assets with global rights, where we can
     deliver clinical proof-of-concept results and build substantial shareholder value.




22    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




Discovery

2024 marked a remarkable year of progress in our mRNA platform as we started the first in-human trial with an investigator-initiated
program for our personalized cancer vaccine, EVM16 in two top cancer hospitals in China. EVM16 is independently developed by
Everest which contains neoantigens with high immunogenicity potential, predicted based on the unique tumor mutations of each
patient using Everest’s proprietary AI-based neoantigen prediction algorithm, EVER-NEO-1. The vaccine is designed to encode
dozens of tumor neoantigens, and uses an LNP delivery system to efficiently deliver neoantigen-encoded mRNA in vivo, activating
neoantigen-specific tumor-killing T cells and inhibiting tumor growth.


In preclinical studies, vaccination with EVM16 stimulated a strong neoantigen-specific T cell response in different mouse models
and showed significant tumor growth inhibition in the syngeneic B16F10 mouse melanoma model. EVER-NEO-1, the AI-based
neoantigen prediction algorithm developed in-house by Everest, can identify the majority of reported tumor neoantigens, as well
as several previously unreported neoantigens. Furthermore, the neoantigen prediction capability of EVER-NEO-1 was shown to be
either comparable to or superior to leading industry algorithms in multiple independent validation studies.


We are expecting a catalyst-rich 2025 with a preliminary human data readout from EVM16, for which we achieved first patient
dosing in March. Additionally, we have received U.S. FDA’s IND approval for EVM14, our off-the-shelf tumor-associated antigen
vaccine, marking Everest’s first internally discovered program and the first mRNA therapeutic cancer vaccine to be cleared for global
clinical development. With IND application to China’s NMPA expected in the first half of this year, this asset is designed to treat
various cancers, including non-small cell lung cancer and head and neck cancer. In preclinical studies, EVM14 induced a dose-
dependent antigen-specific immune response in mice and significantly inhibited tumor growth in multiple syngeneic tumor models.
Lastly, the in vivo CAR-T program is also expected to achieve preclinical candidate milestone later this year, which may create a
pathway to future global partnership opportunities.




                                                                                        Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   23
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     FINANCIAL REVIEW

     Year Ended 31 December 2024 Compared to Year Ended 31 December 2023

                                                                                                Years Ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2024                2023
                                                                                                     (RMB in thousands)


      Revenue                                                                                 706,678             125,932
      Cost of revenue                                                                        (179,794)             (34,414)
      Gross Profit                                                                            526,884              91,518
      General and administrative expenses                                                    (250,078)            (165,155)
      Research and development expenses                                                      (528,035)            (540,054)
      Distribution and selling expenses                                                      (508,070)            (231,419)
      Other income                                                                             15,395              13,175
      Other gains/(losses) — net                                                             (373,140)            (100,803)
      Operating loss                                                                        (1,117,044)           (932,738)
      Finance income/(costs) — net                                                             73,024              84,608
      Fair value change in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”)           (7)               848
      Fair value change in financial instruments issued to investors                            2,652               2,819
      Loss before income tax                                                                (1,041,375)           (844,463)
      Income tax expense                                                                             –                    –
      Loss for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company                   (1,041,375)           (844,463)
      Total comprehensive loss for the year attributable to the equity holders
        of the Company                                                                      (1,017,534)           (789,022)


      Non-IFRS measure:
      Adjusted loss for the year                                                             (537,560)            (713,614)




24    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis




1.   Overview

     For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group achieved revenue of RMB706.7 million, compared with RMB125.9 million
     for the year ended 31 December 2023. This substantial increase was primarily attributable to the strong sales performance of
     XERAVA® and NEFECON® in mainland China.


     Gross profit margin rose from 72.7% for the year ended 31 December 2023 to 74.6% for the year ended 31 December 2024.
     Excluding the amortisation of intangible assets, the gross profit margin increased from 2023’s 79.9% to 82.9% in 2024. The
     improvement was driven by the successful launch of NEFECON® and ongoing optimisation of product costs.


     General and administrative expenses for the year ended 31 December 2024 were RMB250.1 million, compared with
     RMB165.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. Research and development expenses amounted to RMB528.0
     million for the year ended 31 December 2024, compared with RMB540.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2023.
     Distribution and selling expenses increased to RMB508.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, from RMB231.4
     million for the year ended 31 December 2023. The ratio of total operating expenses (including general and administrative
     expenses, research and development expenses, and distribution and selling expenses) to sales decreased by 561.8
     percentage point, showing operational efficiency improvement.


     For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group recorded a net loss of RMB1,041.4 million, compared with RMB844.5
     million for the year ended 31 December 2023. However, excluding the one-time, non-recurring impairment loss from intangible
     assets in the first half of 2024, the net loss narrowed by RMB107.5 million, from RMB792.5 million for the year ended 31
     December 2023 to RMB685.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2024.


     As of 31 December 2024, cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits totalled RMB1,603.3 million, compared with
     RMB2,349.7 million as of 31 December 2023.


2.   Revenue

     For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s revenue reached RMB706.7 million, driven primarily by the strong growth
     in XERAVA® sales and the successful launch of NEFECON® in mainland China. In markets outside of mainland China, sales of
     XERAVA® in Hong Kong and Singapore continued to build, while NEFECON® was successfully launched in Hong Kong and
     Singapore, and VELSIPITY® was launched in Macau and made available in Guangdong province.




                                                                                    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   25
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.   R&D Expenses

          The Group’s R&D expenditure decreased slightly to RMB528.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, compared with
          RMB540.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. The Company continues to make strategic R&D investments across
          its various product pipelines in order to support long-term sustainable growth.


          The following table sets forth the components of our R&D expenses for the periods indicated:


                                                                                                          Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000


            Research, clinical trial and test expenses                                                229,416                243,757
            Employee benefit expenses                                                                 209,075                207,413
            Professional expenses                                                                        12,876               13,761
            Depreciation and amortization                                                                51,452               49,581
            Office and travelling expenses                                                               23,374               24,265
            Others                                                                                        1,842                1,277


            Total                                                                                     528,035                540,054


     4.   Distribution and Selling Expenses

          Our distribution and selling expenses rose from RMB231.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB508.1 million
          for the year ended 31 December 2024. The increase coincides with the growth of existing product sales and the launch
          of new products, as we expand our commercial team and increase commercial activities. Meanwhile, commercialization
          expenses-to-sales ratio decreased by 111.9 percentage point as we continued to execute on our efficient and focused
          commercialization model.


     5.   General and Administrative Expenses

          Our general and administrative expenses rose from RMB165.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB250.1
          million for the year ended 31 December 2024. This increase was primarily attributable to higher remuneration expenses and
          increased expenditure on professional services, as we grow into a larger organization with broader business operations.




26    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




6.   Other Income

     Other income rose from RMB13.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB15.4 million for the year ended 31
     December 2024, primarily due to an increase in government grants received.


7.   Other Losses — Net

     The Group recorded other losses of RMB373.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, compared with other losses of
     RMB100.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. This change was primarily due to an impairment loss arising from
     an intangible asset related to mRNA COVID-19 vaccines.


8.   Finance Income — Net

     The Group’s finance income declined slightly from RMB84.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB73.0 million
     for the year ended 31 December 2024, primarily due to a reduction in interest income from bank deposits.


9.   Fair Value Change in Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss

     The Group recorded a gain from fair value changes in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB0.8 million for
     the year ended 31 December 2023. Conversely, a loss of RMB7 thousand was recorded for the year ended 31 December
     2024, due to the decrease in the fair value of its investment in Venatorx Pharmaceuticals, Inc..


10. Fair Value Change in Financial Instruments Issued to Investors

     The Group recorded a gain from fair value changes of financial instruments issued to investors of RMB2.8 million for the
     year ended 31 December 2023, versus a gain of RMB2.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2024. The changes were
     primarily attributable to the fair value fluctuations of preferred shares issued by the Group’s subsidiary, EverNov Medicines
     Limited.


11. Income Tax Expense

     The Company did not incur any income tax expense for the year ended 31 December 2024, nor did it incur any such expense
     for the year ended 31 December 2023.




                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   27
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     12. Loss for the Year Attributable to the Equity Holders of the Company

          The loss for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company increased by RMB196.9 million, reaching RMB1,041.4
          million for the year ended 31 December 2024, compared with RMB844.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. This
          increase was primarily due to a one-time, non-recurring impairment loss from an intangible asset related to mRNA COVID-19
          vaccines.


          Excluding the impairment loss of the intangible asset, the net loss for the period decreased by RMB107.5 million, from
          RMB792.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB685.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2024. This
          reduction was primarily attributable to the strong growth in product sales.


     13. Other Comprehensive Income

          Other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2024 amounted to RMB23.8 million, compared with RMB55.4
          million for the year ended 31 December 2023. This decrease was primarily due to reduced gains from foreign currency
          translation, offset by changes in the fair value of equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive
          income.


     14. Total Comprehensive Loss for the Year Attributable to the Equity Holders of the Company

          As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s total comprehensive loss for the year ended 31 December 2024 reached
          RMB1,017.5 million, compared with a loss of RMB789.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2023.


     15. Non-IFRS Measure

          To supplement the Group’s consolidate financial statements, which are presented in accordance with the IFRS, the
          Company also uses adjusted loss for the year, which is not required by, or presented in accordance with the IFRS. The
          Company believes that the adjusted loss for the year provides useful information to Shareholders and potential investors in
          understanding and evaluating the Group’s consolidated results of operations.




28    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis




Adjusted loss for the year represents the loss for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company excluding the
effect of certain non-cash items and one-time events, namely the loss on fair value changes in financial assets at fair value
through profit or loss, the loss on fair value changes in financial instruments issued to investors, share-based compensation
expenses, impairment of an intangible asset and amortization of intangible assets. The term adjusted loss for the year is not
defined under the IFRS. The use of this non-IFRS measures have limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider
it in isolation from, or as substitute for analysis of, the Group’s results of operations or financial condition as reported under
IFRS. The Company’s presentation of such adjusted figure may not be comparable to a similarly titled measure presented by
other companies. However, the Company believes that this measure is a reflection of the Group’s normal operating results
by eliminating potential impacts of items that the management do not consider to be indicative of the Group’s operating
performance, and thus facilitate comparisons of operating performance from period to period and company to company to
the extend applicable.


The table below sets forth a reconciliation of the loss for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company to adjusted
loss for the year during the periods indicated:


                                                                                                  Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2024                    2023
                                                                                                       (RMB in thousands)


 Loss for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company                         (1,041,375)               (844,463)
 Added:
 Gain/(loss) on fair value changes in financial assets at fair value through
    profit or loss                                                                                     7                    (848)
 Gain/(loss) on fair value changes in financial instruments issued to investors                  (2,652)                  (2,819)
 Share-based compensation expenses                                                               91,098                  73,420
 Impairment of an intangible asset                                                             356,340                   51,968
 Amortization of intangible assets                                                               59,022                    9,128
 Adjusted loss for the year                                                                    (537,560)               (713,614)




                                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024    29
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     16. Liquidity and Source of Funding

          As of 31 December 2024, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, together with bank deposits, amounted to RMB1,603.3
          million, a decrease from RMB2,349.7 million as of 31 December 2023. The decrease primarily resulted from an increase in net
          cash used in our operating activities.


          As of 31 December 2024, the Group’s current assets amounted to RMB2,015.6 million, including cash and cash equivalents
          and bank deposits of RMB1,603.3 million, and other current assets of RMB412.3 million. As of 31 December 2024, the
          Group’s current liabilities were RMB793.5 million, comprising trade and other payables of RMB304.6 million, borrowings of
          RMB443.8 million, lease liabilities of RMB18.8 million, and financial instruments issued to investors of RMB26.4 million.


          Details of cash and cash equivalents are set out in Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements.


          Operating Activities


          Net cash used in our operating activities for the year ended 31 December 2024 amounted to RMB679.5 million. The Group
          recorded a net loss of RMB1,041.4 million for the same period. The difference between our loss before income tax and our
          net cash used in operating activities was primarily due to (i) depreciation and amortization in the amount of RMB133.6 million;
          (ii) share-based compensation in the amount of RMB91.1 million; (iii) net finance income which was classified as investing
          activities; (iv) impairment loss of an intangible asset in the amount of RMB356.3 million and (v) changes in working capital.


          Net cash used in our operating activities for the year ended 31 December 2023 was RMB769.2 million. Our net loss was
          RMB844.5 million for the same period. The difference between our loss before income tax and our net cash used in operating
          activities was primarily attributable to (i) depreciation and amortization in the amount of RMB76.8 million; (ii) share-based
          compensation in the amount of RMB73.4 million; (iii) net finance income which was classified as investing activities; (iv)
          impairment loss of an intangible asset in the amount of RMB52.0 million and (v) changes in working capital.


          Investing Activities


          Net cash generated from investing activities for the year ended 31 December 2024 amounted to RMB974.4 million, primarily
          attributable to (i) net cash inflow from the disposal of bank deposits of RMB1,178.5 million; and (ii) the partial offset by
          purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible asset of RMB204.2 million.


          Net cash generated from investing activities for the year ended 31 December 2023 was RMB752.5 million, primarily
          attributable to (i) cash received from the Trodelvy® transaction of RMB1,580.6 million; (ii) net cash outflow from the purchase
          of bank deposits of RMB568.8 million; and (iii) purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible asset of RMB266.0
          million.




30    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




    Financing Activities


    Net cash generated from financing activities for the year ended 31 December 2024 amounted to RMB37.8 million, primarily
    due to (i) net proceeds from bank loans of RMB47.7 million; (ii) proceeds from exercise of stock options of RMB30.6 million;
    and (iii) the net off by payments of lease liabilities of RMB20.8 million and bank loan interest payment of RMB19.7 million.


    Net cash generated from financing activities for the year ended 31 December 2023 was RMB10.1 million, primarily attributable
    to (i) the redemption of all equity interests held by Jiashan Shanhe Equity Investment Company (“Jiashan Shanhe”) for
    RMB442.9 million; (ii) proceeds from bank loans of RMB451.5 million; (iii) proceeds from exercise of stock options of RMB29.8
    million; and (iv) payments of lease liabilities of RMB20.3 million.


17. Treasury Policy

    Our cash is invested solely in relatively liquid and low-risk instruments, such as bank deposits or money market instruments.
    The primary objective of our investment strategy is to generate finance income at a yield higher than the interest rate of current
    bank deposits, while emphasising the preservation of principal and maintenance of liquidity.


18. Key Financial Ratios

    The following table sets forth the key financial ratios for the periods indicated:


                                                                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                   2024                    2023


     Current ratio(Note)                                                                                                           2.54                     7.63


    Note:   Current ratio is calculated using current assets divided by current liabilities as of the same date.



    Gearing ratio is calculated using interest-bearing borrowings less bank balances and cash, divided by total equity and
    multiplied by 100%. As at 31 December 2024, the Group was in a net cash position and thus, gearing ratio is not applicable.


19. Significant Investments

    The Group did not make or hold any significant investments (including any investment in an investee company with a value of 5%
    or more of the Company’s total assets as at 31 December 2024) during the year ended 31 December 2024.




                                                                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   31
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     20. Material Acquisitions and Disposals

          The Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures for the year ended
          31 December 2024.


     21. Future Plans for Material Investments or Capital Assets

          The construction of the Jiashan manufacturing site has been completed, and the majority of the facility and equipment
          installations have also been finalized. Additionally, since March 2025, the Jiashan manufacturing site has initiated to build
          capacity for VELSIPITY® localized production, which will be funded through the Company’s internal resources.


          Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Company has no other future plans for material investments and capital assets.


     22. Pledge of Assets

          As at 31 December 2024, the Group had no pledged assets, as the land for the Jiashan manufacturing facility, which was
          previously pledged to Jiashan Shanhe, had been released.


     23. Contingent Liabilities

          The Group had no material contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2024.


     24. Foreign Exchange Exposure

          The Company’s functional currency is United States Dollars, the functional currency of the Company’s subsidiaries in
          China is Renminbi. During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group mainly operated in China, and the majority of the
          transactions were settled in RMB, the same as the functional currency of the operating entities. Our financial assets and
          liabilities are subject to foreign currency risk as a result of certain borrowings and trade and other payables denominated in
          non-functional currency. Therefore, the fluctuations in the exchange rate of functional currency against non-functional currency
          could affect our results of operations. As at 31 December 2024, except for the borrowings denominated in foreign currencies,
          the Group did not have significant foreign currency exposure from its operations. We did not into any hedging transactions to
          manage the potential fluctuation in foreign currency as at 31 December 2024.


     25. Continuing disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules

          The Company does not have any disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.




32    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                          Report of Directors



The Board of the Company is pleased to present this report of Directors together with the consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the year ended 31 December 2024.


DIRECTORS

The Directors who held office during the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to the Latest Practicable Date are:


Executive Directors

Mr. Wei Fu (傅唯) (Chairman of the Board)
Mr. Yongqing Luo (羅永慶)
Mr. Ian Ying Woo (何穎)


Non-Executive Directors

Mr. Yubo Gong (龔聿波) (resigned with effect from 9 February 2024)
Ms. Lan Kang (康嵐) (resigned with effect from 12 January 2024)
Mr. William Ki Chul Cho (曹基哲) (appointed with effect from 12 January 2024)
Mr. Honggang Feng (馮洪剛) (appointed with effect from 9 February 2024)


Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣世東)
Mr. Yifan Li (李軼梵)
Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (徐海音)


Biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” on pages 63 to 69 of this
annual report.


In accordance with Article 16.19 of the Article of Association, Mr. Wei Fu, Mr. Yongqing Luo and Mr. Ian Ying Woo shall retire at the
AGM. All of the above Directors, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.




                                                                                         Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   33
     Report of Directors




     CHANGES IN DIRECTOR’S INFORMATION

     The Company is not aware of changes in the Directors’ information which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1)
     of the Listing Rules.


     GENERAL INFORMATION

     The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 14 July 2017 as an exempted limited liability company. The Company’s
     Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 9 October 2020.


     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

     We are a biopharmaceutical company that integrates licensing, clinical development and commercialization of potentially novel or
     differentiated therapies to address critical unmet medical needs in Greater China and other emerging Asia Pacific markets.


     RESULTS

     The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
     comprehensive income on pages 99 to 100 of this annual report.




34    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                    Report of Directors




BUSINESS REVIEW

A fair review of the business of the Group as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong
Kong), including an analysis of the Group’s financial performance and an indication of likely future developments in the Group’s
business is set out in the sections headed “Chairman’s Statement” and “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report. These
discussions form part of this report. Events affecting the Company that have occurred since the end of the financial year is set out in
the section headed “Important Events After the Reporting Period” in this report. An account of the Company’s key relationships with
its employees, customers and suppliers and others that have a significant impact on the Company is set out in the “Environmental,
Social and Governance Report” published on the same date as the 2024 annual report.


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The following list is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are beyond its control:


•     the financial position and need for additional capital;


•     uncertain outcomes of clinical development of our drug candidates;


•     its ability to identify, discover or in-license new drug candidates;


•     all material aspects of the research, development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products are heavily regulated;


•     commercialization of our drug candidates;


•     reliance on our business partners and third parties;


•     the patent and other intellectual property protection for our drug candidates; and


•     risks related to industry, business and operations.


However, the above is not an exhaustive list. Investors are advised to make their own judgment or consult their own investment
advisors before making any investment in the Shares.




                                                                                        Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024    35
     Report of Directors




     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

     The Group is committed to fulfilling social responsibility, promoting employee benefits and development, protecting the environment
     and giving back to community and achieving sustainable growth.


     For more details, please refer to the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” published on the same date as the 2024
     annual report.


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

     As far as the Board and management are aware, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the relevant laws and
     regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group. For the year ended 31 December 2024, there
     was no material breach of, or non-compliance with, applicable laws and regulations by the Group.


     EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICIES

     As at 31 December 2024, the Group had 665 (2023: 432) employees, 651 based in China, 8 based in the United States, 2 based in
     Singapore and 4 based in Korea including a total of 41 employees with a Ph.D. degree or an M.D. degree.


     The following table sets forth the total number of employees by function as of 31 December 2024:


                                                                                                    Number of
      Function                                                                                     employees                % of total


      Business Development                                                                                    4                  0.6%
      Clinical Development                                                                                  62                   9.3%
      Commercialization                                                                                    431                 64.8%
      Chemistry, Manufacturing, and Controls                                                                66                   9.9%
      Discovery                                                                                             33                   5.0%
      Operations and Administrative                                                                         69                 10.4%


      Total                                                                                                665                  100%




36    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                          Report of Directors




The remuneration of the employees of the Group comprises salaries, bonuses, social security contributions and other welfare
payments. In accordance with applicable Chinese laws, we have made contributions to social security insurance funds (including
pension plans, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, unemployment insurance and maternity insurance) and housing
funds for our employees.


Employees are important resources for the Group’s sustainable operation and steady development. The Company has formulated
policies related to employees’ remuneration, rights and interests and conducted various staff training, details of which are further set
out in the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” published on the same date as the 2024 annual report.


The Company has also adopted share schemes to provide incentives for the Group’s employees. Please refer to the section headed
“Share Schemes” on pages 44 to 56 in this report for further details.


The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 was RMB586.6 million, as compared to
RMB474.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group did not experience
any significant labour arbitration or litigation or any difficulty in recruiting employees.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

We have generated revenue from Xerava® in mainland China, Hong Kong and Singapore, Nefecon® in mainland China, Hong
Kong and Singapore, and Velsipity® in Macau and Guangdong province. For the year ended 31 December 2024, revenue from the
Group’s four customers accounted for 100% of the Group’s total revenue and the Group’s largest customer for the year ended 31
December 2024, Keyuan Xinhai (Beijing) Medical Products, accounted for approximately 98.6% of the Group’s sales.


For the year ended 31 December 2024, purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for approximately 19.4% (2023:
22.4%) of the Group’s total purchase amount in the same year. The Group’s largest supplier for the year ended 31 December 2024
accounted for approximately 4.7% (2023: 6.1%) of the Group’s total purchase amount for the same year.


None of the Directors, their respective close associates, or any shareholder of the Company who, to the knowledge of the Directors,
owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued capital, has any interest in any of the Group’s five largest suppliers or customers.


During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group did not experience any significant disputes with its customers or suppliers.




                                                                                              Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   37
     Report of Directors




     FINANCIAL SUMMARY

     A summary of the audited consolidated results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years, as extracted
     from the audited consolidated financial statements, is set out on page 204 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of
     the audited consolidated financial statements.


     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman Islands which would
     oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.


     TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

     The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the
     Company’s securities.


     SUBSIDIARIES

     Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.


     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

     Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Company and the Group during the year ended 31 December
     2024 are set out in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.


     SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARES ISSUED

     Details of movements in the share capital of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024 and details of the Shares issued
     during the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in Note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.


     DONATION

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group made charitable donations of approximately RMB35.0 million (2023:
     RMB15.8 million).


     DEBENTURE ISSUED

     The Group did not issue any debenture during the year ended 31 December 2024.




38    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                      Report of Directors




EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

Save as disclosed in the section headed “Share Schemes” as set out on pages 44 to 56 in this annual report, no equity-linked
agreements were entered into by the Group, or existed for the year ended 31 December 2024.


DIVIDENDS

The Board does not recommend the distribution of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2024. No dividend was paid or
declared by the Company or other members of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2023.


No Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividends for the year ended 31 December 2024.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY

Pursuant to the Articles of Association and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every Director shall be indemnified and
secured harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses
which they or any of them may incur or sustain in or about the execution of their duty in their offices.


Such permitted indemnity provision has been in force for the year ended 31 December 2024. The Company has taken out liability
insurance to provide appropriate coverage for the Directors.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

The Company may pay dividends out of the share premium account, retained earnings and any other reserves provided that
immediately following the payment of such dividends, the Company will be in a position to pay off its debts as and when they fall
due in the ordinary course of business.


As at 31 December 2024, the Company had distributable reserves for share premium of RMB14,042,141 (2023: RMB13,920,484).


Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in the
consolidated statement of changes in equity on pages 103 to 104.


BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

Particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2024 are set out in Note 25 to the consolidated
financial statements.




                                                                                          Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   39
     Report of Directors




     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

     Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for an initial term of three years with effect
     from the Listing Date or the date of their service contracts or until the third annual general meeting of the Company since the Listing
     Date or the date of his/her services contracts (whichever is sooner), upon which their service contracts will be automatically renewed
     for successive periods of three years. Either party has the right to give not less than three months’ written notice to terminate the
     contract.


     Each of the non-executive Directors has signed a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term of three years with effect
     from the date of his/her letter of appointment, upon which their appointments will be automatically renewed for successive periods
     of three years. Either party has the right to give not less than three months’ written notice to terminate the contract.


     Each of the independent non-executive Directors has signed a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term of three
     years from the date of the letter of appointment unless terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the appointment
     letter or by either party giving to the other not less than three months’ notice in writing.


     The above appointments are always subject to the provisions of retirement and rotation of directors under the Articles of
     Association.


     None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service contract with members of the Group that is
     not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR
     CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

     Save as disclosed this annual report, none of the Directors nor any entity connected with the Directors had a material interest, either
     directly or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company, its holding company, or
     any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party subsisting during or at the end of the year ended 31 December 2024.


     CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS

     CBC Group is the Controlling Shareholder of the Company. Save as disclosed in the Prospectus and in this annual report, to the
     best knowledge and belief of our Directors, CBC Group has no contracts of significance with us apart from their interest in our
     Company.




40    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                     Report of Directors




MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contract, concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company
was entered into or existed during the year ended 31 December 2024.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS
IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR
ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

As at 31 December 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors or chief executives of the Company in any of the Shares,
underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:


                                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                             Number of                percentage           Long position/
  Name of Director                               Capacity/Nature of interest                                      Shares              of holding     (5)
                                                                                                                                                            Short position


  Mr. Wei Fu(1)                                  Founder of a discretionary trust who                     128,893,427                       39.48%            Long position
                                                     can influence how the trustee
                                                     exercises his discretion
  Mr. Yongqing Luo         (2)
                                                 Beneficial owner                                           10,219,078                       3.13%            Long position
  Mr. Ian Ying Woo(3)                            Beneficial owner                                             3,113,270                      0.95%            Long position
  Mr. Shidong Jiang        (4)
                                                 Beneficial owner                                                 40,000                     0.01%            Long position
  Mr. Yifan Li   (5)
                                                 Beneficial owner                                                 40,000                     0.01%            Long position


Notes:


(1)      The sole shareholder of C-Bridge Investment Everest Limited is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P. while its general partner is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP II, L.P..
         The general partner of C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP II, L.P. is C-Bridge Capital GP, Ltd., while TF Capital, Ltd. And TF Capital II, Ltd. (“TF Capital II”) jointly have
         controlling interest in it. Nova Aqua Limited has a controlling interest in TF Capital II. C-Bridge IV Investment Two Limited and C-Bridge IV Investment Nine Limited
         is wholly owned by C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P. (“CBH IV”). The General Partner of CBH IV is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP IV, L.P. which is under the
         management by its general partner C-Bridge Capital GP IV, Ltd. (“CBC IV”). The controlling shareholder of CBC IV is TF Capital IV Ltd., which is wholly owned by
         Nova Aqua Limited. Everest Management Holding Co., Ltd. is owned as to 86.7% by C-Bridge Joint Value Creation Limited. C-Bridge Joint Value Creation Limited
         is wholly-owned by Nova Aqua Limited. The sole shareholder of C-Bridge IV Investment Sixteen Limited was Nova Aqua Limited. The entire interest in Nova Aqua
         Limited is held by Vistra Trust (Singapore) Pte. Limited as trustee for a trust established by Mr. Wei Fu (as settlor) for the benefit of Mr. Wei Fu and his family. On 10
         January 2025 and 23 January 2025, the Company was notified that Nova Aqua Limited would dispose of 17,100,000 Shares and that Nova Aqua Limited would
         transfer its interest in C-Bridge IV Investment Sixteen Limited, which holds 1,910,000 Shares, to a third party, respectively. As at the date of this annual report, Mr.
         Wei Fu was deemed to be interested in 109,883,427 Shares in total, representing approximately, 33.64% of the issued share capital of the Company.




                                                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024                   41
     Report of Directors




     (2)   Mr. Yongqing Luo’s entitlement to receive up to (i) 4,700,000 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options with exercise price at HK$10.084, (ii) 1,559,349 Shares
           pursuant to the exercise of options with exercise price at HK$15.632 and (iii) 1,901,560 shares pursuant to the exercise of options with exercise price at HK$22.54
           under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, subject to the conditions of those options. Mr. Yongqing Luo is also entitled to receive up to 837,695 shares pursuant
           to the performance target awards granted to him under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme. Details of the options and awards granted to this Director are set out in
           the section headed “Share Schemes” below.


     (3)   Mr. Ian Ying Woo’s entitlement to receive up to 110,000 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options under the Pre-IPO Share Schemes, and 2,068,858 Shares
           pursuant to the exercise of options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, subject to the conditions of those options. The exercise prices of these options are
           USD2.26 (up to 110,000 Shares), HK$72.49 (up to 338,403 Shares), HK$15.632 (up to 779,675 Shares) and HK$22.54 (up to 950,780 Shares). Mr. Woo is entitled
           to receive 41,582 share awards in accordance with the conditions of those share awards. Mr. Woo is also entitled to receive up to (i) 285,514 Shares and (ii) 84,206
           Shares under Post-IPO Share Award Scheme and Pre-IPO ESOP respectively, subject to the conditions of those performance target awards. Details of the options
           and awards granted to this Director are set out in the section headed “Share Schemes” below.


     (4)   Mr. Shidong Jiang’s entitlement to receive up to 40,000 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, subject to the
           conditions of those options. The exercise price of these options are HKD72.49 (up to 20,000 Shares) and HKD23.17 (up to 20,000 Shares). Details of the options
           and awards granted to this Director are set out in the section headed “Share Schemes” below.


     (5)   Mr. Yifan Li’s entitlement to receive up to 40,000 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, subject to the conditions
           of those options. The exercise price of these options are HKD72.49 (up to 20,000 Shares) and HKD23.17 (up to 20,000 Shares). Details of the options and awards
           granted to this Director are set out in the section headed “Share Schemes” below.


     (6)   The calculation is based on the total number of 326,498,604 Shares in issue as at 31 December 2024.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, none of the Directors or chief executives of the Company had or was deemed
     to have any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
     corporations.




42     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                 Report of Directors




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 31 December 2024, so far as the Directors are aware, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executives of the
Company) had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to
be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                Number of       Approximate
                                                                                                  ordinary    percentage of        Long position/
 Name of Shareholder                                    Capacity/Nature of interest                shares            holding (4)
                                                                                                                                   Short position


 VISTRA TRUST                                           Trustee and other                      128,893,427            39.48%        Long position
   (SINGAPORE) PTE. LIMITED                       (1)


 Nova Aqua Limited(1)                                   Interest in a controlled corporation   128,893,427            39.48%        Long position
 TF Capital II Ltd.(1)                                  Interest in a controlled corporation    52,777,778            16.16%        Long position
 C-Bridge Capital GP, Ltd.             (1) (2)
                                                        Interest in a controlled corporation    52,777,778            16.16%        Long position
 C-Bridge Healthcare                                    Interest in a controlled corporation    52,777,778            16.16%        Long position
   Fund GP II, L.P.        (1)


 C-Bridge Healthcare                                    Interest in a controlled corporation    52,777,778            16.16%        Long position
   Fund II, L.P. (1)


 TF Capital IV, Ltd.(2)                                 Interest in a controlled corporation    52,522,482            16.09%        Long position
 C-Bridge Capital GP IV, Ltd.               (1)
                                                        Interest in a controlled corporation    52,522,482            16.09%        Long position
 C-Bridge Healthcare                                    Interest in a controlled corporation    52,522,482            16.09%        Long position
   Fund GP IV, L.P.             (1)


 C-Bridge Healthcare                                    Interest in a controlled corporation    52,522,482            16.09%        Long position
   Fund IV, L.P.    (1)


 C-Bridge IV Investment                                 Beneficial owner                        37,244,704            11.41%        Long position
   Two Limited     (1)


 C-Bridge Investment                                    Beneficial owner                        50,000,000            15.31%        Long position
   Everest Limited        (1)


 Dan Yang(2)                                            Interest in a controlled corporation    50,000,000            15.31%        Long position
 Kang Hua Investment                                    Interest in a controlled corporation    50,000,000            15.31%        Long position
   Company Limited               (2)


 C-Bridge Joint Value                                   Interest in a controlled corporation    21,683,167             6.64%        Long position
   Creation Limited(1)
 Everest Management                                     Beneficial owner                        21,683,167             6.64%        Long position
   Holding Co., Ltd.            (1)




                                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   43
     Report of Directors




     Notes:


     (1)      The sole shareholder of C-Bridge Investment Everest Limited is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P. while its general partner is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP II, L.P..
              The general partner of C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP II, L.P. is C-Bridge Capital GP, Ltd., while TF Capital, Ltd. and TF Capital II jointly have controlling interest in
              it. Nova Aqua Limited has a controlling interest in TF Capital II. C-Bridge IV Investment Two Limited and C-Bridge IV Investment Nine Limited is wholly owned by
              CBH IV. The General Partner of CBH IV is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP IV, L.P., which is under the management by its General Partner CBC IV. The controlling
              shareholder of CBC IV is TF Capital IV Ltd., which is wholly owned by Nova Aqua Limited. Everest Management Holding Co., Ltd. is owned as to 86.7% by C-Bridge
              Joint Value Creation Limited. C-Bridge Joint Value Creation Limited is wholly-owned by Nova Aqua Limited. The sole shareholder of C-Bridge IV Investment Sixteen
              Limited was Nova Aqua Limited. The entire interest in Nova Aqua Limited is held by Vistra Trust (Singapore) Pte. Limited as trustee for a trust established by Mr.
              Wei Fu (as settlor) for the benefit of Mr. Wei Fu and his family. On 10 January 2025 and 23 January 2025, the Company was notified that Nova Aqua Limited would
              dispose of 17,100,000 Shares and Nova Aqua Limited would transfer its interest in C-Bridge IV Investment Sixteen Limited, which holds 1,910,000 Shares, to a third
              party, respectively. As at the date of this annual report, Mr. Wei Fu was deemed to be interested in 109,883,427 Shares in total, representing approximately, 33.64%
              of the issued share capital of the Company.


     (2)      TF Capital, Ltd. has controlling interest in C-Bridge Capital GP, Ltd.. Kang Hua Investment Company Limited has controlling interest in TF Capital, Ltd.. Ms. Dan
              Yang is the sole shareholder of Kang Hua Investment Company Limited.


     (3)      The calculation is based on the total number of 326,498,604 Shares in issue as at 31 December 2024.



     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, no other person (other than the Directors or chief executives of the Company)
     had an interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which were required to be disclosed to the
     Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were required to be entered in the register
     required to be kept under section 336 of the SFO.


     SHARE SCHEMES

     The Company has four existing share schemes, namely the Pre-IPO MSOP, Pre-IPO ESOP, Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and
     the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme, which were all adopted before the effective date of the new Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules on
     1 January 2024. The Company has complied, and will continue to comply, with the new Chapter 17 to the extent required by the
     transitional arrangements for the existing share schemes.


     11,310,800 new Shares, representing approximately 3.48% of the weighted average number of Shares (excluding treasury shares)
     for the Reporting Period, may be issued in respect of options and awards granted during the Reporting Period to eligible participants
     pursuant to all of the share schemes. The details of each share scheme are set out below.




44     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                 Report of Directors




PRE-IPO SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS

1.   Pre-IPO MSOP

     A summary of the principal terms of the Pre-IPO MSOP is set out below. Further details of the Pre-IPO MSOP are set out in
     the Prospectus and Note 30 to the consolidated financial statements.


     Purpose


     The purpose of the Pre-IPO MSOP is to advance the interests of the Company by providing for the grant to participants of
     the options, and to motivate the selected participants to contribute to the Company’s growth and development. The Pre-IPO
     MSOP, which will be in the form of options, will enable the Company to recruit, incentivize and retain key employees.


     Eligible Participants


     Those eligible to participate in the Pre-IPO MSOP include employees, officers, directors, contractors, advisors or consultants
     of the Group as determined, authorized and notified by the Board or a committee authorized by the Board (the “Pre-IPO
     MSOP Committee”). The Board or the Committee may, from time to time select from among all eligible individuals to whom
     awards in the form of options (“Pre-IPO MSOP Option(s)”) will be granted (“Pre-IPO MSOP Grantee(s)”) and will determine the
     nature and amount of each grant.


     Maximum Number of Shares Available for Grant and Issue under the Pre-IPO MSOP


     The maximum number of Shares in respect of which Pre-IPO MSOP Options may be granted under the Pre-IPO MSOP
     shall not exceed 5,048,779 Shares in the aggregate, subject to any adjustments in the event of any alteration in the capital
     structure of the Company.


     Given that no further Pre-IPO MSOP Options would be granted after the Listing, 0 Shares were available for grant under
     the Pre-IPO MSOP as at 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024, respectively, and the outstanding number of Pre-IPO
     MSOP Options would be equivalent to the number of Shares available for issue under the Pre-IPO MSOP. As at the Latest
     Practicable Date, no Pre-IPO MSOP Options remained outstanding.




                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   45
     Report of Directors




         Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant


         Under the Pre-IPO MSOP, there is no specific limit on the maximum number of Pre-IPO MSOP Options which may be granted
         to a single eligible participant but unvested under the Pre-IPO MSOP.


         No employee shall be granted a Pre-IPO MSOP Option which, if exercised in full, would result in such employee becoming
         entitled to subscribe for an aggregate number of Shares (including all previous Pre-IPO MSOP Options) exceeding 10% of the
         aggregate number of Shares for the time being issued and issuable under the Pre-IPO MSOP.


         Exercise Period


         Unless otherwise specified in the offer letter, any Pre-IPO MSOP Option shall become exercisable upon vesting. The expiry
         of the period within which a Pre-IPO MSOP Option may be exercised, which is to be determined and notified by the Board to
         each grantee at the time of making an offer, and shall not expire later than 10 years from the date of grant.


         Vesting Period


         The vesting criteria and conditions, and the vesting date are specified in the offer letter. Unless otherwise approved by
         the Board and set forth in an offer letter, the vesting schedule for the Pre-IPO MSOP Options shall be a 36-month vesting
         schedule consisting of a cliff vesting of one-third (1/3) after twelve (12) months from the commencement date and thereafter,
         monthly vesting of equal installments over the remaining twenty-four (24) months.


         Exercise Price


         The Board shall be entitled to make an offer to any participant as the Board may in its absolute discretion select to take up
         Pre-IPO MSOP Options in respect of such number of Shares and at any price per Share (the “Strike Price”) as the Board may
         determine. The Strike Price of the Pre-IPO MSOP Options shall be US$0.18, which was determined by the fair value of the
         Shares when the Pre-IPO MSOP was established.


         Remaining Life of the Pre-IPO MSOP


         The remaining life of the Pre-IPO MSOP is approximately 3 years.




46   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                    Report of Directors




     Outstanding Pre-IPO MSOP Options


     As at 31 December 2024, the Company had no outstanding options under the Pre-IPO MSOP.


     Details of the outstanding Pre-IPO MSOP Options during the Reporting Period are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                           Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                    average closing
                                                                                                                                                                     price of Shares
                                                                                                Outstanding    Exercised    Cancelled      Lapsed      Outstanding      immediately
                                                                                                       as at   during the   during the   during the           as at       before the
                                                 Vesting   Exercise Period         Exercise       1 January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    31 December             date of
       Name                   Date of Grant      Period    (per Share)          Price (US$)            2024        Period       Period       Period           2024 exercise (HK$)(1)


       Senior Management/Director
       Mr. Jason Brown        23 November 2017   4 years   4 years from               0.18          971,951      971,951            –            –               0            23.03
                                                             the Listing Date


       Total                                                                                        971,951      971,951            –            –               0


     Note:


     (1) This information is in respect of the options exercised during the Reporting Period.



2.   Pre-IPO ESOP

     A summary of the principal terms of the Pre-IPO ESOP is set out below. Further details of the Pre-IPO ESOP are set out in the
     Prospectus.


     Purpose


     The purpose of the Pre-IPO ESOP is to advance the interests of the Company by providing for the grant to participants of the
     Pre-IPO ESOP Awards (defined below), and to motivate the selected participants to contribute to the Company’s growth and
     development. The Pre-IPO ESOP, which will be in the form of Pre-IPO ESOP Options (defined below) and Pre-IPO ESOP RSU
     (defined below), will enable the Company to recruit, incentivize and retain key employees.


     Eligible Participants


     Those eligible to participate in the Pre-IPO ESOP include employees, officers, directors, contractors, advisors or consultants
     of the Group as determined, authorized and notified by the Board or a committee authorized by the Board (the “Pre-IPO
     ESOP Committee”). The Board or the Pre-IPO ESOP Committee may, from time to time select from among all eligible
     individuals (the “Pre-IPO ESOP Participants”) to whom awards (the “Pre-IPO ESOP Award(s)”) in the form of options (the “Pre-
     IPO ESOP Option(s)”) and restricted stock units (the “Pre-IPO ESOP RSU(s)”), will be granted (the “Pre-IPO ESOP Grantee(s)”)
     and will determine the nature and amount of each grant.




                                                                                                                    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024                      47
     Report of Directors




         Maximum Number of Shares Available for Grant


         The maximum number of Shares in respect of which Pre-IPO ESOP Awards may be granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP shall
         not exceed 22,932,908 Shares in the aggregate, subject to any adjustments in the event of any alteration in the capital
         structure of the Company. After the Listing, no further Pre-IPO ESOP Options would be granted and only Pre-IPO ESOP
         RSUs would be granted.


         As at 1 January 2024, 4,360,099 Shares were available for grant under the Pre-IPO ESOP. During the Reporting Period,
         2,034,400 Pre-IPO ESOP RSUs were granted to eligible participants pursuant to the Pre-IPO ESOP. It follows that, as at 31
         December 2024, 3,342,443 Shares were available for grant under the Pre-IPO ESOP.


         Maximum Number of Shares Available for Issue


         As at 1 January 2024, 8,041,571 Shares were available for issue under the Pre-IPO ESOP. During the Reporting Period,
         1,512,666 Shares were issued pursuant to the Pre-IPO ESOP. It follows that, as at 31 December 2024 and the Latest
         Practicable Date, 6,528,905 Shares and 6,254,479 Shares (representing approximately 1.91% of the issued share capital of
         the Company as at the Latest Practicable Date) were available for issue under the Pre-IPO ESOP, respectively.


         Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant


         No employee shall be granted a Pre-IPO ESOP Award which, if exercised in full, would result in such employee becoming
         entitled to subscribe for an aggregate number of Shares (including all previous Pre-IPO ESOP Awards) exceeding 10% of the
         aggregate number of Shares for the time being issued and issuable under the Pre-IPO ESOP.


         Exercise Period


         Unless otherwise specified in the offer letter, any Pre-IPO ESOP Option shall become exercisable upon vesting. The expiry
         of the period within which a Pre-IPO ESOP Option may be exercised is to be determined and notified by the Board to each
         grantee at the time of making an offer, and shall not expire later than 10 years from the date of grant.


         Vesting Period


         The vesting criteria and conditions, and the vesting date are specified in the award agreement.


         Exercise or Purchase Price


         The Strike Price of the Pre-IPO ESOP Options and any purchase price for the Pre-IPO ESOP RSUs shall be approved by the
         Board and shall be set out in the offer letter. The Strike Price is determined by the fair value of the Shares on the date of grant
         of the Pre-IPO ESOP Options.




48   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                   Report of Directors




Amount Payable on Application or Acceptance of the Option or Award and the Period within which Payments or Calls
Must or may be made or Loans for such Purposes must be Repaid


A Pre-IPO ESOP Grantee is not required to pay for the grant of any Pre-IPO ESOP Option. The consideration to be paid (if
any) for each Share subject to a Pre-IPO ESOP RSU is determined by the Board and shall be set forth in the offer letter for
such Pre-IPO ESOP RSUs.


Remaining Life of the Pre-IPO ESOP


The remaining life of the Pre-IPO ESOP is approximately 4 years.


Outstanding Pre-IPO ESOP Options and RSUs


As at 31 December 2024, the Company had outstanding Pre-IPO ESOP Options to subscribe for an aggregate of 198,995
Shares granted to 15 grantees (including Directors, senior management, other connected persons and employees of the
Company) and unvested Pre-IPO ESOP RSUs representing an aggregate of 2,931,331 Shares granted to 183 grantees
(including Directors, senior management, other connected persons and employees of the Company). Details of the
outstanding options and unvested awards under the Pre-IPO ESOP during the Reporting Period are as follows:


Options

                                                                                                                                                                          Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                   average closing
                                                                                                                                                                    price of Shares
                                                                                               Outstanding    Exercised    Cancelled      Lapsed      Outstanding      immediately
                                                                                                      as at   during the   during the   during the           as at       before the
                                              Vesting                               Exercise     1 January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    31 December             date of
 Name                    Date of Grant        Period(1)    Exercise Period       Price (US$)          2024        Period       Period       Period           2024 exercise (HK$)(5)


 Directors
 Mr. Ian Ying Woo        16 July 2020         4 years(1)   7 years from                2.26        110,000            –            –            –         110,000              N/A
                                                             the date of grant

 Other grantees by category
 Employee Participants    Between 31 Dec 2018 4 years      7 years from           0.18-3.24        744,329      432,834            –      222,500          88,995            31.96
                            and 31 Jul 2020                  the date of grant


 Total                                                                                             854,329      432,834            –      222,500         198,995




                                                                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024                      49
     Report of Directors




         RSUs

                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Closing       average
                                                                                                                                                                                                               price closing price
                                                                                                                                                                         Fair value                   of the Shares of the Shares
                                                                                                                                                                    of the awards                      immediately immediately
                                                                                   Unvested       Granted       Vested    Cancelled      Lapsed         Unvested             at the                       before the    before the
                                                                                        as at   during the   during the   during the   during the           as at          date of                           date of       date of
                                                                      Purchase     1 January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    31 December               grant Performance                grant       vesting
           Name              Date of Grant    Vesting Period              Price         2024        Period       Period       Period       Period           2024              (HK$)(2)(6) Target(6)           (HK$)(6)       (HK$)(7)


           Directors
           Mr. Ian Ying Woo 3 April 2023      Immediate vesting              nil    196,479             –      112,273            –            –          84,206             N/A              N/A              N/A            23.53
                                                upon achievement of
                                                performance targets

           Other grantees by category
           Employee          Between          4 years                        nil   1,610,298            –      655,156      271,000            –         684,142             N/A              N/A              N/A            21.37
             Participants      18 February
                               2020 and 3
                               April 2023
                             3 April 2023     Immediate vesting              nil   1,020,366            –       56,234      426,513            –         537,619             N/A              N/A              N/A            20.30
                                                upon achievement of
                                                performance targets
                             5 April 2024     4 years                        nil           –    1,360,400      224,000       49,650            –       1,086,750      29,724,740            None             23.00            24.60
                             5 April 2024     Immediate vesting              nil           –      176,000       32,169       47,081            –          96,750       3,608,350           Note 3            23.00            24.73
                                                upon achievement of
                                                performance targets
                             2 October 2024   4 years                        nil           –      498,000            –            –            –         498,000      13,620,300            None             27.15              N/A


           Total                                                                   2,827,143    2,034,400    1,079,832      794,244            –       2,987,467


         Notes:


         (1)        All options granted were subject to immediate vesting upon Listing.


         (2)        The fair values of the awards are calculated in accordance with the accounting standards and policies adopted for preparing the Company’s financial
                    statements. The fair value is determined by reference to the fair value of the equity instrument as at the grant date, considering market performance
                    conditions, excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions and the impact of any non-vesting conditions.


         (3)        The 176,000 performance target awards under the Pre-IPO ESOP are granted to employees of the Group and shall become immediately vested upon the
                    achievement of certain operational, clinical development, and regulatory targets within three years as set out in the relevant offer letter.


         (4)        No further options have been or would be granted after the Listing.


         (5)        This information is in respect of options exercised during the Reporting Period.


         (6)        This information is in respect of RSUs granted during the Reporting Period.


         (7)        This information is in respect of RSUs vested during the Reporting Period.




50   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                     Report of Directors




POST-IPO SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS

1.   Post-IPO Share Option Scheme

     A summary of the principal terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is set out below. Further details of the Post-IPO
     Share Option Scheme are set out in the Prospectus.


     Purpose


     The purpose of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is to provide Post-IPO Share Option Scheme Eligible Persons (defined
     below) with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the Company and to encourage the Eligible Person to work
     towards enhancing the value of the Company and the Shares for the benefit of the Company and Shareholders as a whole.
     The Post-IPO Share Option Scheme will provide the Company with a flexible means of retaining, incentivizing, rewarding,
     remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to Post-IPO Share Option Scheme Eligible Persons.


     Eligible Participants


     Any individual, being an employee, director, officer, consultant, advisor, distributor, contractor, customer, supplier, agent,
     business partner, joint venture business partner or service provider of any member of the Group or any of the Group’s
     affiliates who the Board or its delegate(s) considers, in their sole discretion, to have contributed or will contribute to the Group
     is entitled to be offered and granted options (the “Post-IPO Share Option Scheme Eligible Person(s)”).


     Maximum Number of Shares Available for Grant


     The total number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options (the “Post-IPO Options”) to be granted under
     the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Company is 28,369,038, being no more than
     10% of the Shares in issue on the date the Shares commence trading on the Stock Exchange (assuming the Over-allotment
     Option is not exercised and no Shares are issued under the Share Schemes) (the “Option Scheme Mandate Limit”).


     As at 1 January 2024, 13,838,180 Shares were available for grant under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. During the
     Reporting Period, 7,502,380 options with underlying 7,502,380 Shares were granted to eligible participants pursuant to the
     Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. It follows that, as at 31 December 2024, 7,209,983 Shares were available for grant under
     the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.


     Maximum Number of Shares Available for Issue


     As at 1 January 2024, 27,635,494 new Shares were available for issue under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. During
     the Reporting Period, 1,389,099 new Shares were issued pursuant to the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. It follows that, as
     at 31 December 2024 and the Latest Practicable Date, 26,246,395 new Shares and 25,062,085 new Shares (representing
     approximately 7.67% of the issued share capital of the Company as at the Latest Practicable Date) were available for issue
     under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, respectively.



                                                                                         Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024     51
     Report of Directors




         Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant


         There is no specific maximum entitlement for each Post-IPO Share Option Scheme Eligible Person under the Post-IPO Share
         Option Plan. Unless approved by the Shareholders, the total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of
         the options granted and to be granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme(s) of
         the Company to each Post-IPO Share Option Scheme Eligible Person (including both exercised and outstanding options) in
         any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue (the “Individual Limit”). Any further grant of
         options to a Post-IPO Share Option Scheme Eligible Person which would result in the aggregate number of Shares issued
         and to be issued upon exercise of all options granted and to be granted to such Post-IPO Share Option Scheme Eligible
         Person (including exercised, canceled and outstanding options) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such
         further grant exceeding the Individual Limit shall be subject to separate approval of the Shareholders in general meeting (with
         such Eligible Persons and his associates abstaining from voting).


         Exercise Period


         Option period (a period within which an option may be exercised) is to be determined and notified by the Board to each
         grantee at the time of making an offer, and shall not expire later than 10 years from the grant of the option.


         Vesting Period


         The Board or its delegates shall be entitled to make an offer, which shall specify the terms on which the option is to be
         granted. Such terms may include any minimum period(s) for which an option must be held and/or any minimum performance
         target(s) that must be achieved, before the option can be exercised in whole or in part.


         Consideration


         An amount of HK$1.00 is payable by the grantees upon acceptance of the awards granted under the Post-IPO Share Option
         Scheme.


         Exercise Price


         The exercise price of each option will be determined by the Board or its delegate(s). Options, once granted, may be repriced
         only in accordance with the applicable requirements of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the grant agreement.


         Remaining Life of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme


         The remaining life of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is approximately 6 years.




52   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                       Report of Directors




Outstanding Post-IPO Share Options


As at 31 December 2024, the Company had outstanding Post-IPO ESOP Options to subscribe for an aggregate of
19,036,412 Shares granted to 175 grantees (including Directors, senior management, other connected persons of the
Company and other employees of the Company). Details of the outstanding options under the Post-IPO Share Option
Scheme during the Reporting Period are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Closing       average
                                                                                                                                                                                                          price of closing price
                                                                                                                                                                        Fair value                     the Shares      of Shares
                                                                                                                                                                            of the                    immediately immediately
                                                                                       Outstanding      Granted    Exercised    Cancelled      Lapsed Outstanding       options at                      before the    before the
                                                                            Exercise          as at   during the   during the   during the   during the       as at      the date                          date of        date of
                                         Vesting                               Price     1 January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting 31 December        of grant Performance               grant      exercise
  Name                Date of Grant      Period    Exercise Period            (HK$)           2024        Period       Period       Period       Period       2024           (HK$)(1)(4) Targets(4)         (HK$)(4)       (HK$)(3)


  Directors
  Mr. Yongqing Luo    19 September       4 years   7 years from          10.084 and      6,259,349            –            –            –           –      6,259,349          N/A             N/A             N/A             N/A
                        2022 and                     the date of grant       15.632
                        3 April 2023
                      5 April 2024       4 years   7 years from              22.54               –    1,901,560            –            –           –      1,901,560    20,648,336          None            23.00             N/A
                                                     the date of grant
  Mr. Ian Ying Woo    14 July 2021 and   4 years   7 years from           72.49 and      1,118,078            –            –            –           –      1,118,078          N/A             N/A             N/A             N/A
                        3 April 2023                 the date of grant       15.632
                      5 April 2024       4 years   7 years from               22.54              –      950,780            –            –           –       950,780     10,324,168          None            23.00             N/A
                                                     the date of grant
  Mr. Shidong Jiang   Between 14 July    1 years   7 years from           72.49 and         40,000            –            –            –           –        40,000           N/A             N/A             N/A             N/A
                        2021 and                     the date of grant        23.17
                        1 April 2022
  Mr. Yifan Li        Between 14 July    1 years   7 years from           72.49 and         40,000            –            –            –           –        40,000           N/A             N/A             N/A             N/A
                        2021 and                     the date of grant        23.17
                        1 April 2022

  Other grantees by category
  Employee            Between 6 May      4 years   7 years from            Between       6,339,887            –    1,349,099            –     663,783      4,327,005          N/A             N/A             N/A           46.70
    Participants        2021 and                     the date of grant       15.632
                        3 April 2023                                      and 72.49
                      5 April 2024       4 years   7 years from               22.54              –    4,410,040       40,000            –     210,400      4,159,640    44,845,127          None            23.00           32.05
                                                     the date of grant
                      2 October 2024     4 years   7 years from              27.35               –      240,000            –            –           –       240,000      3,182,400          None            27.15             N/A
                                                     the date of grant


  Total                                                                                 13,797,314    7,502,380    1,389,099            –     874,183     19,036,412


Notes:


(1)         The fair values of the options are calculated in accordance with the accounting standards and policies adopted for preparing the Company’s financial
            statements. The fair value is determined by reference to the fair value of the equity instrument as at the grant date, considering market performance
            conditions, excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions and the impact of any non-vesting conditions.


(2)         For details of the options granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme during the Reporting Period, please refer to the announcement of the Company
            dated 5 April 2024 and 2 October 2024.


(3)         This information is in respect of options exercised during the Reporting Period.


(4)         This information is in respect of options granted during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                                                Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024                                        53
     Report of Directors




     2.   Post-IPO Share Award Scheme

          A summary of the principal terms of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme is set out below. Further details of the Post-IPO
          Share Award Scheme are set out in the Prospectus and the circular of the Company dated 24 May 2022.


          Purpose


          The purpose of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme is to align the interests of eligible persons with those of the Group through
          ownership of Shares, dividends and other distributions paid on Shares and/or the increase in value of the Shares, and to
          encourage and retain eligible persons to make contributions to the long-term growth and profits of the Group.


          Eligible Participants


          Any individual, being an employee, director, officer, consultant, adviser, distributor, contractor, customer, supplier, agent,
          business partner, joint venture business partner or service provider of any member of our Group or any affiliate (including
          nominees and/or trustees of any employee benefit trust established for them) who the Board or its delegate(s) considers, in its
          sole discretion, to have contributed or will contribute to our Group is eligible to receive a Post-IPO Award (as defined below).
          However, no individual who is resident in a place where the grant, acceptance or vesting of a Post-IPO Award pursuant to
          the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme is not permitted under the laws and regulations of such place or where, in the view of
          the Board, compliance with applicable laws and regulations in such place makes it necessary or expedient to exclude such
          individual, shall be entitled to participate in the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme.


          Awards


          An award under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme (the “Post-IPO Award”) gives a selected participant a conditional right,
          when the Shares vest, to obtain the Shares or, if in the absolute discretion of the Board or its delegate(s), it is not practicable
          for the selected participant to receive the Post-IPO Award in Shares, the cash equivalent from the sale of the Shares.


          Maximum Number of Shares Available for Grant


          The Company shall not make any further grant of Award which will result in the aggregate number of Shares underlying all
          grants made pursuant to the Scheme (excluding Award Shares that have been forfeited in accordance with the Scheme) to
          exceed 18,684,519 Shares (the “Share Award Scheme Limit”) without Shareholders’ approval, subject to an annual limit of
          2.5% of the total number of issued Shares at the time.




54    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                             Report of Directors




As at 1 January 2024, 10,104,512 Shares were available for grant under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme. During the
Reporting Period, 1,774,020 awards were granted to eligible participants pursuant to the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme. It
follows that, as at 31 December 2024, 9,013,428 Shares were available for grant under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme.


Maximum Number of Shares Available for Issue


As of 1 January 2024, 13,859,506 new Shares were available for issue under the Share Award Scheme Limit. During the
Reporting Period, 1,144,759 new Shares were issued pursuant to the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme. It follows that, as
at 31 December 2024 and the Latest Practicable Date, 12,714,747 new Shares and 12,687,081 new Shares (representing
approximately 3.88% of the issued share capital of the Company as of the Latest Practicable Date) were available for issue
under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme Limit, respectively.


Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant


Save as otherwise restricted by the Share Award Scheme Limit or the Listing Rules, there shall be no limit on the total number
of non-vested Shares that may be granted to a selected participant under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme.


Vesting Period


The Board or its delegate(s) may from time to time while the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme is in force and subject to all
applicable laws, determine such vesting criteria and conditions or periods for the Award to be vested.


Consideration and Purchase Price


An amount of HK$1.00 is payable by the grantees upon acceptance of the awards granted under the Post-IPO Share Award
Scheme. No purchase price is payable in respect of the Shares issued under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme.


Remaining Life of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme


The remaining life of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme is approximately 6 years.




                                                                                 Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   55
     Report of Directors




         Outstanding Post-IPO Share Awards

                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Closing       average
                                                                                                                                                                                                               price of closing price
                                                                                                                                                                                                            the Shares of the Shares
                                                                                                                                                                             Fair value                    immediately immediately
                                                                                                      Granted       Vested    Cancelled      Lapsed         Unvested    of the awards                        before the    before the
                                                                                  Unvested as           during   during the   during the   during the           as at      at the date                          date of       date of
                                                         Vesting     Purchase     at 1 January   the Reporting   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    31 December            of grant Performance               grant       vesting
           Name                    Date of Grant         Period          Price            2024         Period        Period       Period       Period           2024              (HK$)(4)(5) Targets(5)         (HK$)(5)       (HK$)(6)


           Directors
           Mr. Yongqing Luo        19 September 2022     3 years            nil     1,080,000               –      240,000      240,000            –         600,000             N/A              N/A              N/A           32.32
                                   5 April 2024          4 years            nil             –         237,695            –            –            –         237,695         831,933            Note 1           23.00             N/A
           Mr. Ian Ying Woo        14 July 2021 and      3-4 years          nil       416,496               –      208,248            –            –         208,248             N/A              N/A              N/A           21.62
                                     1 April 2022
                                   5 April 2024          4 years            nil             –         118,848            –            –            –         118,848         415,968            Note 1           23.00             N/A

           Other grantees by category
           Employee Participants    Between 6 May 2021   4 years            nil     2,258,498               –      696,511      337,736            –       1,224,251             N/A              N/A             N/A            24.94
                                      and 3 April 2023
                                    5 April 2024(2)      4 years            nil             –       1,298,629            –      105,200            –       1,193,429      28,375,044             None            23.00             N/A
                                    5 April 2024(3)      4 years            nil             –         118,848            –            –            –         118,848         415,968            Note 3           23.00             N/A


           Total                                                                    3,754,994       1,774,020    1,144,759      682,936            –       3,701,319


         Notes:


         (1)        The 237,695 and 118,848 performance target awards were conditionally granted to Mr. Luo and Mr. Woo on 5 April 2024 and approved by the independent
                    Shareholders on 28 June 2024. Such awards shall vest equally over 4 years, with the first vesting date being 1 April 2025 and the remaining vesting dates
                    being each anniversary thereafter, upon the achievement of specified company level performance targets and individual performance appraisal targets by the
                    first vesting date. Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 5 April 2024 and 28 June 2024 and the circular of the Company dated 5 June
                    2024 for further details.


         (2)        46,000 awards were conditionally granted to a director and a former director of subsidiaries of the Company on 5 April 2024 and approved by the
                    independent Shareholders on 28 June 2024. Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 5 April 2024 and 28 June 2024 and the circular of
                    the Company dated 5 June 2024 for further details.


         (3)        The 118,848 performance target awards were granted to senior managers of the Group on 5 April 2024, and shall vest equally over 4 years with the
                    first vesting date being 1 April 2025 and the remaining vesting dates being each anniversary thereafter, upon achievement of specified company level
                    performance targets and individual performance appraisal targets by the first vesting date.


         (4)        The fair values of the awards are calculated in accordance with the accounting standards and policies adopted for preparing the Company’s financial
                    statements. The fair value is determined by reference to the fair value of the equity instrument as at the grant date, considering market performance
                    conditions, excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions and the impact of any non-vesting conditions.


         (5)        This information is in respect of awards granted during the Reporting Period.


         (6)        This information is in respect of awards vested during the Reporting Period.


         (7)        As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 28 June 2024, the grants of awards to connected grantees were approved by the independent
                    Shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company on the same date.




56   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                     Report of Directors




DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURE

Save as disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2024 was the Company or any of its
subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or
debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or any of their spouse or children under the
age of 18, had any right to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate, or had exercised
any such right.


EMOLUMENT POLICY AND DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

In compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules and the CG Code, the Company established the Remuneration Committee
to formulate remuneration policies. The remuneration is determined and recommended based on each Director’s and senior
management personnel’s qualification, position and seniority. As for the independent non-executive Directors, their remuneration
is determined by the Board upon recommendation from the Remuneration Committee. The Directors and the senior management
personnel are eligible participants of the Share Schemes. Details of the remuneration of the Directors, senior management and the
five highest paid individuals are set out in Notes 10, 11 and 35 to the consolidated financial statements.


None of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and there were no emoluments paid by the Group to any of the
Directors or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group, or as compensation for loss of
office.


For the year ended 31 December 2024, the aggregate amount of remuneration (including basic salaries, housing allowances, other
allowances, and benefits in kind, contributions to pension plans, share-based payment and discretionary bonuses) for our Directors
was approximately RMB72.5 million (as set out in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements) including discretionary bonuses
of a total sum of RMB32.3 million.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

During the year ended 31 December 2024, none of our Directors controlled a business similar to principal business of our Group
that competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with our Group’s business, which would require disclosure under
Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                        Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   57
     Report of Directors




     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

     On 5 April 2024, the Company resolved to grant:


     (i)       7,262,380 options in aggregate under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, among which 1,901,560 options were granted to
               Mr. Yongqing Luo, an executive Director and chief executive officer, and 950,780 options were granted to Mr. Ian Ying Woo,
               an executive Director and chief financial officer;


     (ii)      2,659,029 awards in aggregate under the Pre-IPO ESOP and Post-IPO Share Award Scheme, among which 46,000 awards
               were granted to Mr. Zixin Qiao and Ms. Heasun Park, employees and directors or former directors of subsidiaries of the
               Company; and


     (iii)     651,391 performance target awards under the Pre-IPO ESOP and the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme, among which 237,695
               performance target awards were granted to Mr. Yongqing Luo and 118,848 performance target awards were granted to Mr.
               Ian Ying Woo.


     The above grants of awards and performance target awards to connected persons were approved by independent Shareholders at
     the annual general meeting of the Company on 28 June 2024, and granted for, among other terms, nil consideration, and represent
     the right to receive one Share on the date the awards vest. The grants are part of the Company’s remuneration policy and enable
     the Company to attract, retain, incentivize, reward and remunerate the grantees, and encourage them to work towards enhancing
     the value of the Company and the Shares for the benefit of the Company and Shareholders as a whole.


     For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 5 April 2024 and the circular of the Company dated 5
     June 2024.


     CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

     The Group did not enter into any non-exempt continuing connected transactions during the Reporting Period. Details of related party
     transactions of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in Note 35 to the consolidated financial statements,
     none of which constitute “connected transactions” or “continuing connected transactions” under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules
     for which disclosure is required. The Company has complied with the applicable disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the
     Listing Rules for the year ended 31 December 2024.


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale
     of treasury shares) during the Reporting Period. As at 31 December 2024, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.




58         Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                          Report of Directors




MATERIAL LITIGATION

The Company was not involved in any material litigation or arbitration during the year ended 31 December 2024. The Directors are
also not aware of any material litigation or claims that are pending or threatened against the Group during the Reporting Period.


USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM GLOBAL OFFERING

The Shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on 9 October 2020 with a total of 73,079,000 offer Shares (including Shares issued
as a result of the full exercise of the over-allotment option) issued and the net proceeds raised during the Global Offering were
approximately HK$3,795 million. Save as disclosed in the note in the same section of the 2022 annual report of the Company, there
was no change in the intended use of net proceeds as previously disclosed in the Prospectus in the upcoming 12 months.


Set out below is the status of use of proceeds from the Global Offering as at 31 December 2024.


                                                                          Utilised for the       Unutilised    Utilised for the     Unutilised
                                                                             year ended       amount as at        year ended      amount as at
                                                                           31 December        31 December       31 December       31 December
                                           % of use of   Net proceeds               2023               2023              2024             2024
 Purpose                                     proceeds     (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)      (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)


 Funding ongoing and planned clinical           15%               569               180                 90                 90                –
   trials (including any potential
   clinical studies for new indications
   if appropriate), preparation for
   registration filings and other
   steps or activities related to
   commercialization (including
   provision of scientific and clinical
   support by medical affairs team,
   key opinion leader development,
   strategic planning and market
   access analysis) of eravacycline,
   one of our Core Drug Candidates




                                                                                             Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024       59
     Report of Directors




                                                                              Utilised for the     Unutilised    Utilised for the     Unutilised
                                                                                 year ended      amount as at       year ended      amount as at
                                                                               31 December       31 December      31 December       31 December
                                                % of use of   Net proceeds              2023             2023              2024             2024
     Purpose                                      proceeds    (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)


     Funding ongoing and planned clinical             15%             569                 72             269                 93             176
       trials (including any potential
       clinical studies for new indications
       if appropriate), preparation for
       registration filings and other
       steps or activities related to
       commercialization (including
       provision of scientific and clinical
       support by medical affairs team,
       key opinion leader development,
       strategic planning and market
       access analysis) of etrasimod, one
       of our Core Drug Candidates


     Funding ongoing and planned                      20%             759                   –               –                  –               –
       clinical trials, preparation for
       registration filings and potential
       commercialization of sacituzumab
       govitecan-hziy


     Funding ongoing and planned                      10%             380               103                 –                  –               –
       clinical trials, preparation for
       registration filings and potential
       commercialization of Nefecon


     Funding ongoing and planned                      15%             569                   –               –                  –               –
       clinical trials, preparation for
       registration filings and potential
       commercialization of other drug
       candidates in our pipeline




60   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                           Report of Directors




                                                                           Utilised for the       Unutilised    Utilised for the     Unutilised
                                                                              year ended       amount as at        year ended      amount as at
                                                                            31 December        31 December       31 December       31 December
                                             % of use of   Net proceeds              2023               2023              2024             2024
 Purpose                                      proceeds     (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)      (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)


 Funding our business development                 15%              569                   –                 –                  –               –
   activities and the expansion of
   our drug pipeline. To further
   expand our portfolio, we will
   continue to bring in high value and
   differentiated innovative assets with
   attractive risk-return profiles for our
   four current core therapeutic areas


 Working capital and general and                  10%              380                   –                 –                  –               –
   administrative purposes


 Total                                           100%           3,795                605                359               183              176


The Company expects to gradually apply the remaining unutilized proceeds in accordance with the intended purposes and fully
utilize the proceeds by the second half of 2025. This expected timeline is based on best estimation on future market conditions and
business operations made by the Company, and remains subject to changes based on current and future development of market
conditions and actual business needs.


PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the Latest
Practicable Date, the Company had maintained the prescribed percentage of public float under the Listing Rules during the
Reporting Period.




                                                                                              Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024       61
     Report of Directors




     AUDITOR

     PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) resigned as the auditor of the Company with effect from 15 November 2024. The Company has
     appointed Ernst & Young (“EY”) as the auditor of the Company with effect from 15 November 2024 to fill the vacancy following
     the resignation of PwC and to hold office until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company. For more details on the change of
     auditor of the Company, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 15 November 2024. Save as disclosed above,
     there were no other changes in auditor of the Company in the preceding three years.


     The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been audited by EY, Certified Public Accountants and Registered Public
     Interest Entity Auditor, who will retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for reappointment at the AGM.


     IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     Save as disclosed in this annual report, no important events affecting the Company occurred since the end of the Reporting Period
     and up to the Latest Practicable Date.




     By the order of the Board
     Mr. Wei Fu
     Chairman
     Hong Kong
     25 March 2025




62    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                    Directors and Senior Management



As at the Latest Practicable Date, the Board consisted of three executive Directors, two non-executive Directors and three
independent non-executive Directors.


DIRECTORS

Executive Directors

Mr. Wei Fu (傅唯), aged 42, is an executive Director, chairman of the Board, chairperson of the Nomination Committee and
member of the Remuneration Committee. Mr. Fu was appointed as our Director in July 2017 and was redesignated as an executive
Director in July 2020. Mr. Fu is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.


Mr. Fu has served as the chief executive officer and managing director of CBC Group, a healthcare dedicated private equity firm,
since April 2014. From August 2011 to December 2013, Mr. Fu served as the general manager of the investment department at a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Far East Horizon Limited, a financial services organization listed on the Stock Exchange (HKEX: 3360).
From March 2008 to April 2010, Mr. Fu worked as an associate director at Standard Chartered Business Consulting (Beijing) Co.,
Ltd., where he was mainly responsible for private equity investments in infrastructure projects. From July 2006 to March 2008, Mr.
Fu worked at Macquarie Capital (Singapore) Pte. Limited, where his last position was as a business analyst. Mr. Fu has been a
director of I-Mab (NASDAQ: IMAB) since June 2018.


Mr. Fu received his bachelor’s degree in electrical and electronic engineering from Nanyang Technological University in Singapore in
February 2005.


Mr. Yongqing Luo (羅永慶), aged 55, was appointed as an executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company on
19 September 2022. He is a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Luo has more than 25 years of experience in
the healthcare industry. Mr. Luo was previously the president and general manager of Greater China of Brii Biosciences Limited
(HKEX: 2137) from 11 September 2020 to 15 September 2022 and its executive director from 30 March 2021 to 15 September
2022, and the chief executive officer of a subsidiary of Brii Biosciences Limited, TSB Therapeutics, from December 2021 to 15
September 2022. From September 2016 to September 2020, he was the global vice president and general manager of China of
Gilead Sciences, Inc., during which he helped to build Gilead Sciences, Inc.’s presence in China. He led the clinical development,
regulatory approval process and successful commercial launch of eight innovative products as well as established a unique business
model encompassing science, commercialization and patient access. Prior to that, he held senior positions in multiple multinational
pharmaceutical companies including Roche and Novartis.


Mr. Luo received his medical education from Xiangya School of Medicine, Central-South University, in China and graduated in July
1992, and then served for three years as a surgeon at St. Luke’s Hospital, Shanghai, from July 1992 to July 1995. He obtained an
executive master of business administration from China Europe International Business School in China in September 2006.




                                                                                           Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   63
     Directors and Senior Management




     Mr. Ian Ying Woo (何穎), aged 52, is an executive Director and our president and chief financial officer. Mr. Woo was appointed as
     our Director in December 2018 and was re-designated as an executive Director in July 2020. Mr. Woo is also a director of certain
     subsidiaries of the Company.


     Mr. Woo is an operating partner of CBC Group and served as a managing director of CBC Group from June 2018 to June 2019.
     Prior to joining our Company in June 2018, Mr. Woo served as a managing director in the healthcare advisory team at Lazard
     Frères & Co. LLC (“LFNY”), a subsidiary of the financial advisory and asset management firm Lazard Ltd (NYSE: LAZ). Mr. Woo
     joined LFNY in March 2005 and was based in New York until June 2018, other than from January 2012 to June 2016 during which
     period he worked at Lazard Asia (Hong Kong) Limited, LFNY’s Hong Kong office and an SFC licensed corporation. Mr. Woo was an
     independent director of Prenetics Global Ltd. (NASDAQ: PRE) from May 2022 to May 2024.


     Mr. Woo received his bachelor’s degree in biology from Tufts University in the United States in May 1994, his master’s degree in
     cellular, molecular and biomedical studies from the Columbia University Graduate School of Arts and Sciences in the United States
     in May 1998 and his master of business administration degree from the Columbia University Graduate School of Business in the
     United States in May 2003.


     Non-executive Directors

     Mr. William Ki Chul Cho (曹基哲), aged 47, was appointed as a non-executive Director on 12 January 2024. He is currently
     a Senior Managing Director of CBC Group where he is a member of the Management Committee and helps lead the portfolio
     management and private equity investments functions of CBC Group.


     Prior to joining CBC Group in 2023, he was the Chief Financial Officer of Zai Lab Limited (stock code: 9688.hk) from March 2018
     to July 2023. Mr. Cho also served as Managing Director and Head of Asia Healthcare Investment Banking at Citigroup from 2011
     to 2018. Based in Hong Kong since 2011, Mr. Cho was responsible for healthcare client coverage at Citigroup across the Asia
     Pacific region and led many biopharma transactions in China. Prior to this, he was based in the United States, involved in healthcare
     investment banking and also spent time in corporate development for a pharmaceutical services company. Mr. Cho started his
     career at Ernst & Young LLP as an auditor in the healthcare group. Mr. Cho was appointed as a non-executive director of Hugel Inc.
     (KOSDAQ: 145020) on 29 March 2024.


     Mr. Cho obtained his MBA degree from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, his Master degree in Accounting from
     the University of Virginia, and his Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from the University of Southern California’s Marshall
     School of Business.




64    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                         Directors and Senior Management




Mr. Honggang Feng (馮洪剛), aged 60, was appointed as a non-executive Director on 9 February 2024. Mr. Feng has more
than 35 years of experience in the healthcare industry. He is currently a senior advisor of CBC Group where he assists in portfolio
management and is responsible for the post-investment management.


He was the president of Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (stock code: 2096.hk) from January 2015 to November 2019, and
held other leadership positions in Simcere from 1994 to 2007, including as a director of biomedical department, vice president of
its research institute and as a director of marketing department. From August 2007 to October 2014, Mr. Feng was the general
manager of Shihuida Pharma Group. Mr. Feng started his career as an internist and an endocrinologist in different hospitals. Mr.
Feng received his medical education from Yangzhou Medical College (now known as Medical School, Yangzhou University) in 1982
and obtained a Master of Medicine from China Medical University in 1989.


Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣世東), aged 57, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a member of the Audit
Committee and Remuneration Committee in September 2020.


Mr. Jiang has over a decade of experience in the pharmaceutical industry and served as the Head of Sales and Marketing of Beijing
Astellas Medical Co., Ltd. (北京安斯泰來醫藥有限公司) to oversee both Hospital & Specialty Business Unit and Oncology Business
Unit from 1 January 2022 to 15 January 2024. He was previously the general manager of Hemony Pharma Co., Ltd., a private
pharmaceuticals business in China, including in 2017, the chief executive officer of Hisun-Pfizer Pharmaceuticals Ltd., a joint venture
between Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) and Zhejiang Hisun Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. (SSE: 600267), in 2015, the president of St. Jude
Medical (Shanghai) Limited, St. Jude Medical, Inc.’s (NYSE: STJ, delisted) Chinese subsidiary, including in 2012, and employed by
the Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) pharmaceutical group including as general manager for specialty/anti-infectives in 2010 and 2011.


Mr. Jiang received his bachelor’s degree in power engineering from the Dalian University of Technology in Dalian, China in July
1989.




                                                                                        Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024    65
     Directors and Senior Management




     Mr. Yifan Li (李軼梵), aged 57, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director, chairperson of the Audit Committee and
     member of the Nomination Committee in September 2020.


     Mr. Li served as chief financial & investment advisor of Human Horizons Group Inc. between April 2022 to December 2023, and
     served as its chief financial officer between April 2021 and March 2022. He served as a vice president of Zhejiang Geely Holding
     Group Co., Ltd. from October 2014 to April 2021, a chief financial officer of Sanpower Group Limited from May 2014 to September
     2014, and of China Zenix Auto International Limited (NYSE: ZXAIY) from December 2010 to February 2014. Mr. Li has been
     an independent non-executive director of Frontage Holdings Corporation (HKEX: 1521) since April 2018 and Xinyuan Property
     Management Service (Cayman) Ltd. (HKEX: 1895) since September 2019. He has also been an independent director of Xinyuan
     Real Estate Co., Ltd. (NYSE: XIN) since February 2017, Qudian Inc. (NYSE: QD) since October 2017, and 36Kr Holdings Inc.
     (NASDAQ: KRKR) since November 2019. Mr. Li was a director of Zhejiang Qianjiang Motocycle Co., Ltd. (SZSE: 000913) from
     November 2016 to April 2018. He was an independent director of Sunlands Technology Group (formerly known as Sunlands Online
     Education Group) (NYSE: STG) from July 2019 to May 2024, Heilongjiang Interchina Water Treatment Co., Ltd. (SSE: 600187) from
     May 2015 to May 2021 and Zhejiang Tiantie Industry Co., Ltd. (SZSE: 300587) from December 2017 to April 2021 and Shanghai
     International Port Group Co., Ltd. (SSE: 600018) from September 2015 to September 2021.


     Mr. Li received his bachelor’s degree of economics in world economy from Fudan University in China in July 1989, his master’s
     degree in management and administrative sciences from the University of Texas at Dallas in the United States in May 1994 and his
     master of business administration from the University of Chicago in the United States in June 2000.


     Mr. Li is a certified public accountant in the United States and a chartered global management accountant with the American
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants.


     Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (徐海音) (alias: 徐海瑛) (former name: 徐海英), aged 57, was appointed as an independent non-executive
     Director, chairperson of the Remuneration Committee and member of the Audit Committee and Nomination Committee on 19
     January 2023.


     Ms. Chui was an executive director of China Biotech Services Holdings Limited (中國生物科技服務控股有限公司), a company listed
     on the GEM of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8037), from December 2022 to June 2023 and redesignated as a non-executive
     director from 30 June 2023 to 13 June 2024. Previously, she was president of Harbin Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (哈藥集團股
     份有限公司) (“Harbin Pharmaceutical”), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600664), from March 2019
     to May 2022 and a director of Harbin Pharmaceutical from January 2021 to May 2022, where she was responsible for the overall
     business operation. Ms. Chui has previously also worked in China Hewlett-Packard Co., Ltd. and Novartis International. Ms. Chui
     received her bachelor’s degree in Economic Administration and master’s degree in Finance from Peking University, the People’s
     Republic of China in July 1990 and July 2001, respectively.




66    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                          Directors and Senior Management




SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Jason Brown, Ph.D., aged 53, has served as our chief business officer since August 2019. Dr. Brown joined us as our senior
vice president, business development in July 2017.


Dr. Brown served as a managing director of CBC Group from October 2016 to July 2018 and now serves as an operating partner
of CBC Group. From July 2007 to June 2016, Dr. Brown held multiple positions at Thomas, McNerney & Partners, a healthcare
venture firm that invests in life science and medical technology companies, and his last position held was partner. From June 2003
to June 2007, Dr. Brown was employed by Forward Ventures, a life science venture capital firm located in San Diego, California, and
his last position held was associate.


Dr. Brown received his bachelor’s degree in biochemistry and molecular biology from Purdue University in the United States in May
1993 and his Ph.D. in biology from the University of California, San Diego in the United States in June 2000.


Mr. Xu Liang Rico (梁旭), aged 57, has been appointed Chief Product Officer overseeing the Company’s medical affairs and
marketing departments since February 2024. Mr. Liang has more than two decades of experience in the pharmaceutical industry,
especially in medical affairs, marketing & sales management, and clinical operation. He also has experience in helping build out
from scratch a fully functional company in China with innovative and highly effective operation systems. Previously, he was general
manager of Greater China at Brii Biosciences, responsible for commercialization, government affairs, regulatory affairs, and medical
Affairs. Prior to Brii, Mr. Liang held several leadership positions in Gilead China including Executive Director and was responsible
for commercial strategy design and implementation, and leading the marketing team to successfully deliver product launches for
innovative treatments. In addition, he held various positions in Roche, Novartis and Amgen.


He holds his bachelor’s degree of clinical medicine from Capital University and received MBA from Macquarie University in Australia.


Mr. Chonggang Xu Steve (許崇剛), aged 56, has been appointed as Chief Operations Officer since March 2025. Mr. Xu had nearly
thirty-five years of management experience and notable achievements from his time with well-known management consulting firms
and several large multinational corporations. Before joining Everest, he served as Managing Director at CBC Group and also played
a role in the early establishment of Everest. At CBC Group, he was in charge of developing robust compliance and governance
frameworks for newly acquired/incubated investment portfolios, optimizing their financial quality, and enhancing supply chain
management, financial quality and operational efficiency to improve portfolio profitability.


He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Accounting and Auditing from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, an Executive MBA
from China Europe International Business School, and is a Certified Public Accountant in China.




                                                                                          Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   67
     Directors and Senior Management




     Ms. Wei Jennifer Yang, Ph.D (楊煒), aged 56, has served as chief scientific officer since April 2021. Dr. Yang has more than 20
     years of drug discovery and development experience in pharmaceutical companies. Before joining Everest Medicines, Dr. Yang was
     a vice president, head of China Lung Cancer Initiative at Johnson and Johnson from 2019 to 2021.


     Dr. Yang transitioned into this role from Janssen China R&D, where she spent 6 years as a senior director, head of discovery center.
     Prior to Johnson and Johnson, Dr. Yang held various leadership positions at Eli Lilly and Company in Indianapolis from 2002 to
     2010 and Pfizer Oncology in La Jolla from 2010 to 2012. Dr. Yang received her bachelor’s degree from Fudan University in China
     and Ph.D. from Eccles Institute of Human Genetics at University of Utah.


     Ms. Qinwen Zeng Sandra, Ph.D (曾慶雯), aged 58, has been appointed Chief Medical Officer in charge of the clinical development
     team and cross function collaboration to bring more in-house developed and in-licensed innovative products in China since February
     2024. She has more than 20 years’ experience and achievements in oncology and immunology industries across diversified
     functions, including pharmaceutical discovery, development and medical affairs in U.S. and China. Most recently, she served as
     Global Development Program Lead in Hematology in Bristol Myers Squibb USA, leading a cross-function team to advance several
     programs through clinical development, regulatory submission, manufacturing and commercialization. She also led the programs
     from first-in-human, proof of concept to phase III completion and NDA filing. Prior to this, Ms. Zeng held several leadership positions
     in Celgene Corporation, Roche and Merck in both global headquarters and China units.


     She holds her doctor’s degree of Clinical Medicine from Fudan University Shanghai Medical School and master’s degree of Science
     from Johns Hopkins University.


     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

     Ms. Leah Liu (劉栩昕), aged 40, is our joint company secretary and the vice president of investor relations, responsible for
     overseeing the compliance affairs in relations to capital markets, board of directors, and the Stock Exchange.


     Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Liu was chief financial officer of Laekna Therapeutics and head of capital markets at I-Mab
     (NASDAQ: IMAB) where she led financing and capital markets efforts, including listing preparations. Ms. Liu also worked in
     CloudMinds Technology (Hong Kong) Limited and Xtep International Holdings Limited (HKEX: 1368) as the head of capital markets
     and director of investor relations respectively and was the recipient of multiple industry awards. Ms. Liu has extensive experience in
     the financial services and investment industries and held positions at major international investment banks including The Hongkong
     and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, Daiwa Capital Markets Hong Kong Limited and Lazard Ltd.




68    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                       Directors and Senior Management




Ms. Liu received double bachelor’s degrees in biology and international studies and a master’s degree in cellular molecular biology
from The Johns Hopkins University. Ms. Liu also received a master’s degree in corporate governance from Hong Kong Metropolitan
University (formerly known as The Open University of Hong Kong) in 2020. Ms. Liu is an associate member of each of The Hong
Kong Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries) and The Chartered
Governance Institute (formerly known as The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators) in the United Kingdom.


Ms. Yee Wa Lau (劉綺華), aged 52, is our joint company secretary and a director of corporate services of Tricor Services Limited.
She is a chartered secretary, a corporate governance professional and an associate member of both The Hong Kong Chartered
Governance Institute (formerly known as The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries) and The Chartered Governance
Institute (formerly known as The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators) in the United Kingdom. Ms. Lau received her
bachelor’s degree in business administrative management from the University of South Australia.


Ms. Lau has over 20 years of experience in the corporate secretarial field and has been providing professional corporate services to
Hong Kong listed companies as well as multinational, private and offshore companies.


Ms. Lau is currently the named company secretary of several listed companies on the Stock Exchange, including, BAIOO Family
Interactive Limited (HKEX: 2100), Meituan (HKEX: 3690), Transmit Entertainment Limited (HKEX: 1326), Li Auto Inc. (HKEX:
2015), Zhihu Inc. (HKEX: 2390), KE Holdings Inc. (HKEX: 2423), i-CABLE Communications Limited (HKEX: 1097) and RoboSense
Technology Co., Ltd. (HKEX: 2498).




                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   69
     Corporate Governance Report



     The Board of Directors is pleased to present the corporate governance report for the Company for the year ended 31 December
     2024.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CULTURE

     The Company is committed to ensuring that its affairs are conducted in accordance with high ethical standards. This reflects its
     belief that, in the achievement of its long-term objectives, it is imperative to act with probity, transparency and accountability. By so
     acting, the Company believes that Shareholder wealth will be maximized in the long term and that its employees, those with whom it
     does business and the communities in which it operates will all benefit.


     Corporate governance is the process by which the Board instructs management of the Group to conduct its affairs with a view to
     ensuring that its objectives are met. The Board is committed to maintaining and developing robust corporate governance practices
     that are intended to ensure:


     —       that the interests of those who deal with the Company are safeguarded;


     —       that overall business risk is understood and managed appropriately;


     —       the delivery of high-quality products and services to the satisfaction of customers; and


     —       that high standards of ethics are maintained.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

     The Board is committed to achieve high corporate governance standards. The Board believes that high corporate governance
     standards are essential in providing a framework for the Group to safeguard the interests of Shareholders and to enhance corporate
     value and accountability.


     The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions of the CG Code contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as the
     basis of the Company’s corporate governance practices.


     During the Reporting Period, the Company had complied with all applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code.


     The Company will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance with the CG
     Code, and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.




70    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own to regulate all dealings by
Directors and relevant employees in securities of the Company and other matters covered by the Model Code.


Specific enquiry has been made to all the Directors regarding their compliance with the Model Code during the Reporting Period
and up to the Latest Practicable Date.


On 11 and 12 March 2024, Mr. Fu Wei, through Nova Aqua Limited, sold 1,468,000 Shares during the blackout period in respect of
the Company’s annual results for the year ended 31 December 2023, without notification to a designated Director (the “Incident”),
which was in contravention of code provision A.3(a) and B.8 of the Model Code. The entire interest in Nova Aqua Limited is held
by Vistra Trust (Singapore) Pte. Limited as trustee for a trust established by Mr. Wei Fu (as settlor) for the benefit of himself and
his family. To the best knowledge of the Board after reasonable enquiries, the Incident was an isolated incident and completely
unintentional and was merely due to Mr. Fu’s inadvertent oversight of the requirements under the Model Code at the time of the
disposals. Upon realizing his inadvertent omission, Mr. Fu promptly sought legal advice and notified the Company of the Incident
which was disclosed by way of disclosure of interest forms on 14 March 2024.


Upon notification of the Incident, the Company has taken the following remedial steps to avoid the occurrence of a similar incident
in the future: (i) the Directors have received training covering (a) the requirements under the Model Code (including to the dealing
restriction and the dealing notification procedures under rules A.3 and B.8 of the Model Code) and (b) the laws and regulations
relating to the Company’s handling of inside information and will arrange for refresher trainings from time-to-time, (ii) the Company
has re-circulated the Board’s policy on management securities trading and the Company will arrange for its Board policies to
be reviewed and updated regularly; (iii) the Company’s joint company secretaries will continue to notify each Director and other
members of senior management by email of the commencement and expiry of the blackout period before the relevant dates; and (iv)
the Company’s internal audit will continue to review, twice a year, the Company’s and the Directors’ internal regulatory compliance
status. The Board believes that implementing the aforementioned measures would help the Directors gain a better understanding of
the dealing restrictions during the blackout period and the necessary procedures they must follow before dealing in the Company’s
securities. Consequently, the Board considered that these measures would minimize the chance of breach of the Model Code by
the Directors in the future.


Save as disclosed above, no incident of non-compliance of the Model Code by any Director or relevant employee during the
Reporting has been noted by the Company.




                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   71
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     The Company is headed by an effective Board which assumes responsibility for its leadership and control and the collective
     responsibility for promoting the Company’s success by directing and supervising the Company’s affairs. Directors take decisions
     objectively in the best interests of the Company.


     The Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s
     business and regularly reviews the contribution required from a Director to perform his responsibilities to the Company and whether
     the Director is spending sufficient time performing them that are commensurate with their role and the Board responsibilities.


     During the Reporting Period and as at the Latest Practicable Date, the Board comprised three executive Directors, two non-
     executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors. The Board includes a balanced composition of executive
     Directors and non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) so that there is a strong independent element
     on the Board, which would allow it to effectively exercise independent judgement.


     BOARD COMPOSITION

     The composition of the Board during the Reporting Period and as at the date of this annual report is as follows:


     Executive Directors

     Mr. Wei Fu (傅唯) (Chairman of the Board)
     Mr. Yongqing Luo (羅永慶) (Chief executive officer)
     Mr. Ian Ying Woo (何穎) (President, Chief financial officer)


     Non-Executive Directors

     Mr. Yubo Gong (龔聿波) (resigned with effect from 9 February 2024)
     Ms. Lan Kang (康嵐) (resigned with effect from 12 January 2024)
     Mr. William Ki Chul Cho (曹基哲) (appointed with effect from 12 January 2024)
     Mr. Honggang Feng (馮洪剛) (appointed with effect from 9 February 2024)




72    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣世東)
Mr. Yifan Li (李軼梵)
Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (徐海音)


During the Reporting Period, the Company appointed Mr. William Ki Chul Cho and Mr. Honggang Feng as non-executive Directors
on 12 January 2024 and 9 February 2024, respectively. Each of Mr. William Ki Chul Cho and Mr. Honggang Feng obtained legal
advice from Hong Kong legal advisers on 10 January 2024 and 7 February 2024, respectively, as required under Rule 3.09D of the
Listing Rules and confirmed he understood his obligations as a director of a listed issuer.


The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” on pages 63 to 69 of
this annual report.


None of the members of the Board is related to one another.


CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

The positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are held by Mr. Wei Fu and Mr. Yongqing Luo, respectively. The Chairman
provides leadership and is responsible for the effective functioning and leadership of the Board. The Chief Executive Officer focuses
on the Company’s business development and the daily management and operations generally. Their respective responsibilities are
clearly defined and set out in writing.


BOARD MEETINGS, COMMITTEE MEETINGS AND GENERAL MEETINGS

Code provision C.5.1 of the CG Code stipulates that board meetings should be held at least four times a year at approximately
quarterly intervals with active participation of the majority of the Directors, either in person or through electronic means of
communications.


During the year ended 31 December 2024, 4 Board meetings and 1 general meeting were held. The significant matters related
to the Group’s business activities and operations were appropriately addressed through either thorough reporting, discussion,
and resolution during the three regular Board meetings or by utilizing written resolutions to facilitate prompt decision-making for
commercial purposes. Throughout the Reporting Period, the Directors were furnished with pertinent information concerning the
Company’s operations and financial performance. Sufficient measures were taken to ensure effective communication among the
Directors.




                                                                                         Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   73
     Corporate Governance Report




     A summary of the attendance record of the Directors at Board meetings and committee meetings during the Reporting Period is set
     out in the following table below:


                                                                                    Remuneration    Nomination       Audit   General
       Name of Director                                                  Board          Committee   Committee    Committee   Meeting


       Executive Directors:
       Mr. Wei Fu                                                           4/4               1/1          1/1           –       1/1
       Mr. Yongqing Luo                                                     4/4                 –            –           –       1/1
       Mr. Ian Ying Woo                                                     4/4                 –            –           –       1/1


       Non-executive Directors:
       Mr. Yubo Gong(1)                                                     0/1                 –            –           –         –
       Ms. Lan Kang(2)                                                         –                –            –           –         –
       Mr. William Ki Chul Cho         (3)
                                                                            4/4                 –            –           –       1/1
       Mr. Honggang Feng         (4)
                                                                            3/3                 –            –           –       1/1


       Independent Non-executive Directors:
       Mr. Shidong Jiang                                                    4/4               1/1            –         3/3       1/1
       Mr. Yifan Li                                                         4/4                 –          1/1         3/3       1/1
       Ms. Hoi Yam Chui                                                     4/4               1/1          1/1         3/3       1/1

     Notes:


     (1)      Mr. Yubo Gong resigned with effect from 9 February 2024.


     (2)      Ms. Lan Kang resigned with effect from 12 January 2024.


     (3)      Mr. William Ki Chul Cho was appointed with effect from 12 January 2024.


     (4)      Mr. Honggang Feng was appointed with effect from 9 February 2024.



     Apart from regular Board meetings, the Chairman of the Board also held a meeting with the independent non-executive Directors
     without the presence of executive Directors during the Reporting Period.




74     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

During the Reporting Period, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at
least three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board with one of whom possessing appropriate
professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.


The Company confirms that the Board has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Shidong
Jiang, Mr. Yifan Li and Ms. Hoi Yam Chui, an annual confirmation of his/her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing
Rules, and, having taken into account the factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules in assessing the independence of the
independent non-executive Directors, the Company considers that each independent non-executive Director to be independent.


BOARD INDEPENDENT EVALUATION

The Board has established mechanisms to ensure independent views and input from any Director are conveyed to the Board. The
Board includes a balanced composition of executive Directors and non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive
Directors) so that there is a strong independent element on the Board, which enables it effectively exercise independent judgement.
External independent professional advice is available as and when required by individual Directors. The Board reviews annually the
independence of the independent non-executive Directors, including but not limited to assessing the independence of non-executive
Directors pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Board also evaluates the board composition and its independence with
reference to the requirements under the Listing Rules.


APPOINTMENT, RE-ELECTION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are laid down in the Articles of Association. The
Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board composition, developing and formulating the relevant procedures
for nomination and appointment of Directors, monitoring the appointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors and
assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors.


Each of the executive Directors, non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors has entered into a service
agreement or a letter of appointment with the Company, and the term of service for each of them is three years from the date of
appointment or reappointment. All the Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general meeting.


At every annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the Directors for the time being, or, if their number is not three or a
multiple of three, then the number nearest to, but not less than, one-third, shall retire from office by rotation, provided that every
Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A
retiring Director shall retain office until the close of the meeting at which he retires and shall be eligible for re-election thereat. The
Company’s Articles of Association also provides that all Directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall be subject to election by
Shareholders at the first annual general meeting after appointment. The retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election.




                                                                                           Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024     75
     Corporate Governance Report




     RESPONSIBILITIES, ACCOUNTABILITIES AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE
     BOARD AND MANAGEMENT

     The Board assumes responsibility for leadership and control of the Company; and is collectively responsible for directing and
     supervising the Company’s affairs.


     The Board, directly and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying down strategies
     and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance, and ensures that sound internal
     control and risk management systems are in place.


     All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable
     business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. The independent non-
     executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of regulatory reporting of the Company and providing a balance in
     the Board for bringing effective independent judgement on corporate actions and operations.


     All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek independent
     professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their duties to the Company.


     The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.


     The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal control and risk
     management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment of
     directors and other significant operational matters of the Company. Responsibilities relating to implementing decisions of the Board,
     directing and coordinating the daily operation and management of the Company are delegated to the management.


     DIRECTORS’ AND OFFICERS’ LIABILITIES INSURANCE

     The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover for Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect of legal actions against
     Directors, officers and senior management of the Company arising out of corporate activities.


     BOARD COMMITTEES

     The Board has established three committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, and the Nomination
     Committee for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. Each of these committees is established with defined written
     terms of reference which deal clearly with their authority and duties. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee, Remuneration
     Committee and Nomination Committee are published on the Company’s website and the Stock Exchange’s website and are
     available to Shareholders upon request.




76    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules and
the CG Code. During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee comprised three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr.
Yifan Li, Mr. Shidong Jiang and Ms. Hoi Yam Chui. Mr. Yifan Li (being the independent non-executive Director with the appropriate
professional qualifications) is the chairperson of the Audit Committee.


The primary duties of the Audit Committee include, without limitation to, the following:


•     monitoring the integrity of our financial statements, annual reports, accounts, half-yearly reports and our compliance with the
      Listing Rules and legal requirements in relation to financial reporting;


•     making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of external auditor, approving the
      remuneration and terms of engagement of external auditor, and monitoring the independence and objectivity of external
      auditors and the effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable standards; and


•     reviewing our financial controls, risk management (including ESG risks) and internal control systems; and dealing with other
      matters that are authorized by the Board.


During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee met thrice to review the Company’s annual results and annual report for the year
ended 31 December 2023 and the interim results, interim report for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and to discuss the change
of auditors. During the meeting, the Audit Committee also reviewed the significant issues on the financial reporting, operational and
compliance controls, the effectiveness of the risk management (including ESG risks) and internal control systems and internal audit
function, appointment of external auditors and engagement of non-audit services and relevant scope of works, and arrangements
for employees to raise concerns about possible improprieties.


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The Company established the Remuneration Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing
Rules and the CG Code. During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee consists of three Directors, namely, Ms. Hoi
Yam Chui, Mr. Wei Fu and Mr. Shidong Jiang. Mr. Wei Fu is an executive Director, Ms. Hoi Yam Chui and Mr. Shidong Jiang are
independent non-executive Directors. Ms. Hoi Yam Chui is the chairperson of the Remuneration Committee.




                                                                                           Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   77
     Corporate Governance Report




     The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include, among other things:


     •       making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for the executive Directors and senior
             management remuneration and on the compensation of non-executive Directors;


     •       evaluating the performance of Directors and senior management of our Company;


     •       reviewing and approving the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and
             objectives;


     •       establishing formal and transparent procedures for developing remuneration policy;


     •       reviewed and approved matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, in particular regarding to
             vesting period, performance target and clawback mechanism of the grants; and


     •       dealing with other matters that are authorized by the Board.


     During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee met once. During such meeting, and as well as by way of written
     resolutions, the Remuneration Committee reviewed and recommended to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual
     executive Directors, senior management and the new Directors appointed during the Reporting Period.


     Furthermore, the Remuneration Committee reviewed and approved the grants made under the Company’s share schemes during
     the Reporting Period. In particular, in respect of the grant of share options and awards to the Directors and specified connected
     grantees during the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee considered that such grants with vesting dates which are less
     than 12 months to be appropriate as all the previous grants under the same mechanism is consistent with the prior practices of
     the Company so that the Company can attract, retain, incentivize, reward and remunerate the grantees and enhance operational
     efficiency. For the grants to Mr. Yongqing Luo and Mr. Ian Ying Woo, since vesting of certain awards granted to them are subject
     to the achievement of certain performance targets which align the interests of the grantee with that of the Company and the
     Shareholders, reward and provide incentive to the grantee to work towards success of the Group, and reinforce their commitment
     to long-term services of the Group, the Remuneration Committee is of the view that such arrangements are in line with the purpose
     of the Company’s share schemes.


     In addition, having considered that the grantees are Directors and senior managers of the Group who will contribute directly to
     the overall business performance, sustainable development and/or good corporate governance of the Group, the Remuneration
     Committee considered that such grants without performance targets are market competitive, consistent with the Company’s
     remuneration policy and align with the purpose of the Company’s share schemes.




78       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




For details of the grants of share options, awards and performance target awards, please refer to the announcement of the
Company dated 5 April 2024 and the circular of the Company dated 5 June 2024.


Details of the Directors’ remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in Note 10 to the consolidated financial
statements. The remuneration of the senior management of the Group by band for the year ended 31 December 2024 is set out
below:


 Remuneration bands (HKD)                                                                                      Number of persons


 HK$4,000,001–HK$4,500,000                                                                                                         1
 HK$5,000,001–HK$5,500,000                                                                                                         1
 HK$8,500,001–HK$9,000,000                                                                                                         1
 HK$13,500,001–HK$14,000,000                                                                                                       1
 HK$14,500,001–HK$15,000,000                                                                                                       1


 Total                                                                                                                             5


The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including Directors and senior
management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the Company’s affairs. The remuneration packages
of executive Directors are also determined with reference to the Company’s performance and profitability, the prevailing market
conditions and the performance or contribution of each executive Director. The remuneration for the executive Directors comprises
basic salary, pensions and performance bonus. The remuneration policy for non-executive Directors and independent non-executive
Directors is to ensure that non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors are adequately compensated for their
efforts and time dedicated to the Company’s affairs, including their participation in Board committees. The remuneration for the non-
executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors mainly comprises Director’s fee which is determined with reference to
their duties and responsibilities by the Board. Individual Directors and senior management have not been involved in deciding their
own remuneration.


NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The Company established the Nomination Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the CG Code. During the
Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee consisted of three members, namely, Mr. Wei Fu, Ms. Hoi Yam Chui and Mr. Yifan Li.
Mr. Wei Fu is an executive Director, Mr. Yifan Li and Ms. Hoi Yam Chui are independent non-executive Directors. Mr. Wei Fu is the
chairperson of the Nomination Committee.


The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment of Directors and
management of Board succession.




                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   79
     Corporate Governance Report




     The primary duties of the Nomination Committee include, among other things:


     •       reviewing the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least annually
             and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board composition to complement the Company’s corporate
             strategies;


     •       assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors and making recommendations to the Board on matters
             relating to the appointment or reappointment of directors and succession planning for directors, in particular the chairman of
             the Board and the chief executive of the Company; and


     •       performing tasks as assigned by the Board from time to time.


     During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee met once to review the structure, size and composition of the Board
     and the independence of the independent non-executive Directors, the Board Diversity Policy (as defined below) and the Director
     Nomination Policy and consider the qualifications of the retiring Directors standing for election at the annual general meeting of the
     Company held on 28 June 2024 and by way of written resolutions and to identify and recommend an individual who is suitably
     qualified to become a member of the Board.


     BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

     The Company has adopted a board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) which sets out the approach to achieve diversity
     of the Board. The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and sees increasing diversity at the
     Board level, including gender diversity, as an essential element in maintaining the Company’s competitive advantage and enhancing
     its ability to attract, retain and motivate employees from the widest possible pool of available talent. Pursuant to the Board
     Diversity Policy, in reviewing and assessing suitable candidates to serve as a director of the Company, the Nomination Committee
     should consider a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional
     qualifications, skills, knowledge, and industry and regional experience (the “Measurable Objectives”). Pursuant to the Board Diversity
     Policy, the Nomination Committee discusses periodically and when necessary, agrees on the Measurable Objectives for achieving
     diversity, including gender diversity, on the Board and recommends them to the Board for adoption.


     The Company aims to maintain an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives that are relevant to the Company’s business growth
     and is also committed to ensuring that recruitment and selection practices at all levels (from the Board downwards) are appropriately
     structured so that a diverse range of candidates are considered.




80       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Nomination Committee reviews annually the structure, size and composition of the Board
and where appropriate, makes recommendations on changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy
and to ensure that the Board maintains a balanced diverse profile. In relation to reviewing and assessing the Board composition,
the Nomination Committee is committed to diversity at all levels and will consider a number of aspects, including but not limited
to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and regional and industry
experience.


For the purpose of implementation of the Board Diversity Policy, the following Measurable Objectives were adopted:


(A)   at least one-third of the members of the Board shall be non-executive Directors or independent non-executive Directors;


(B)   at least one-third of the members of the Board shall be independent non-executive Directors; and


(C)   at least one of the members of the Board shall have obtained accounting or other professional qualifications.


The Board is committed to improving the diversity of the Board and has achieved the above Measurable Objectives since January
2023 and during the Reporting Period. The Board will continuously monitor the board diversity in annual basis.


The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness and will discuss
periodically and, when necessary, agree on specific measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board and recommend
them to the Board for adoption.




                                                                                      Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   81
     Corporate Governance Report




     GENDER DIVERSITY

     The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. The following table sets out the gender ratio in the workforce of
     the Group, including the Board and senior management as at the Latest Practicable Date:


                                                                                                            Female                  Male


      Board                                                                                                 12.5%                 87.5%
                                                                                                                (1)                    (7)
      Senior Management                                                                                     40.0%                 60.0%
                                                                                                                (2)                    (3)
      Other employees                                                                                       57.1%                 42.9%
                                                                                                              (376)                 (282)


      Overall workforce                                                                                     56.5%                 43.5%
                                                                                                              (379)                 (292)

     The Company has been taking, and will continue to take, steps to promote gender diversity at the Board and management levels.
     In particular, our chief medical officer and chief scientific officer are female and form part of our senior management team. Going
     forward, we will continue to work to enhance gender diversity of the Board.


     The Company targets to maintain a Board with female representation, and gender diversity is achieved in respect of the Board.
     For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company maintained an effective Board comprising members of different genders,
     professional background and industry experience. As at the date of this annual report, the Board consists of one female and
     seven male Directors. It is considered that the current Board composition is well-balanced and appropriate for the business of the
     Company. The Nomination Committee will continue to use its best endeavors and on suitable basis to identify and recommend
     multiple suitable female candidates to the Board for its consideration on appointment of a Director.


     The Company will continue to ensure that there is gender diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior level so that we will have a
     pipeline of female senior management and potential successors to our Board in due time to ensure gender diversity of the Board.
     Our Group will continue to emphasize training of female talent and providing long-term development opportunities for our female
     staff.


     The Board had achieved over 50% of female employees of the Group and considers that the above current gender diversity is
     satisfactory.


     Details on the gender ratio of the Group together with relevant data can be found in the “Environmental, Social and Governance
     Report”.




82     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




DIRECTOR NOMINATION POLICY

The Company has adopted a director nomination policy (the “Director Nomination Policy”) in accordance with the CG Code. The
Director Nomination Policy sets out the selection criteria and process and the Board succession planning considerations in relation
to nomination and appointment of Directors and aims to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of
perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.


The Board has delegated its responsibilities and authority for selection and appointment of Directors to the Nomination Committee.


The Nomination Committee shall identify, consider and recommend to the Board appropriate candidates to serve as Directors and
to make recommendations to the Shareholders. The ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment of Directors rests with the
entire Board.


The Director Nomination Policy sets out the non-exhaustive factors for assessing the suitability and the potential contribution to the
Board of a proposed candidate, including but not limited to the following:


•     reputation for integrity;


•     professional qualifications and skills;


•     accomplishment and experience in the private education sector;


•     commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest;


•     independence of proposed independent non-executive Directors; and


•     diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional
      experience, skills, knowledge and length of service.


The Director Nomination Policy also sets out the procedures for the selection and appointment of new Directors and re-election of
Directors at general meetings.


During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Nomination Committee recommended to the Board the appointment of two new
non-executive Directors, namely Mr. William Ki Chul Cho and Mr. Honggang Feng. The appointments were subject to a stringent
nomination process in accordance with the Director Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy, to ensure the Board
possesses the necessary skills, experience and knowledge in alignment with the Company’s strategy.


The Nomination Committee will review the Director Nomination Policy, from time to time and as appropriate, to ensure its
effectiveness.




                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024    83
     Corporate Governance Report




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION

     The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code.


     The Board would review the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous professional
     development of the Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and
     regulatory requirements, compliance with the Model Code and the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in its
     Corporate Governance Report.


     The Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and
     skills. The joint company secretaries of the Company may from time to time and as the circumstances require provide updated
     written training materials relating to the roles, functions and duties of a director of a company listed on the Stock Exchange.


     DIVIDEND POLICY

     The Company has adopted a dividend policy on payment of dividends in accordance with code provision F.1.1 of the CG Code.


     The Company does not have any pre-determined dividend payout ratio. According to the dividend policy, payment of dividends
     depends on a number of factors, including our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial
     condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that our Directors may deem relevant. Dividends may be proposed and/or
     declared by the Board during a financial year and any final dividend for a financial year will be subject to the Shareholders’ approval.


     DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31
     December 2024.


     The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the
     Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.


     The statement of the independent auditor of the Company, EY, about their reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial
     statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 93 to 98 of this annual report.


     CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS

     All Directors should participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills to ensure
     their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.




84    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                   Corporate Governance Report




Every newly appointed Director should receive formal, comprehensive and tailored induction on the first occasion of his/her
appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and full awareness of Director’s
responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.


Directors should participate in appropriate continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.
Internally-facilitated briefings for the Directors would be arranged and reading material on relevant topics would be provided to the
Directors where appropriate. All Directors are encouraged to attend relevant training courses at the Company’s expenses.


During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Directors have attended seminars and training sessions arranged by professional/
financial institutions, and have read relevant materials relating to regulatory updates, accounting, financial or professional skills and/
or directors’ duties and responsibilities.


                                                                                                                             Directors’
  Name of Director                                                                                                             Training


  Executive Directors:
  Mr. Wei Fu                                                                                                                          ✓
  Mr. Yongqing Luo                                                                                                                    ✓
  Mr. Ian Ying Woo                                                                                                                    ✓


  Non-executive Directors:
  Mr. Yubo Gong(1)                                                                                                                  N/A
  Ms. Lan Kang(2)                                                                                                                   N/A
  Mr. William Ki Chul Cho         (3)
                                                                                                                                      ✓
  Mr. Honggang Feng         (4)
                                                                                                                                      ✓


  Independent Non-executive Directors:
  Mr. Shidong Jiang                                                                                                                   ✓
  Mr. Yifan Li                                                                                                                        ✓
  Ms. Hoi Yam Chui                                                                                                                    ✓

Notes:


(1)      Mr. Yubo Gong resigned with effect from 9 February 2024.


(2)      Ms. Lan Kang resigned with effect from 12 January 2024.


(3)      Mr. William Ki Chul Cho was appointed with effect from 12 January 2024.


(4)      Mr. Honggang Feng was appointed with effect from 9 February 2024.




                                                                                          Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024     85
     Corporate Governance Report




     AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITY AND REMUNERATION

     PwC has served as the auditors of the Company since 2018 and agreed to resign as the auditors of the Company with effect from
     15 November 2024. PwC was engaged for the review of the Company’s interim financial information for the six months ended 30
     June 2024 and the engagement was complete upon the publication of the interim results of the Group on 27 August 2024. PwC did
     not commence any audit work of the Group during the Reporting Period.


     The Company appointed EY as the external auditor with effect from 15 November 2024 to fill the casual vacancy following the
     resignation of PwC and to hold office until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company. A statement by EY
     about their reporting responsibilities for the financial statements is included in the Independent Auditors’ Report on pages 93 to 98.
     Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 15 November 2024 for details of the aforementioned change of auditors of
     the Company.


     For the year ended 31 December 2024, fee for auditing service provided by EY is RMB2.5 million and the fee for review service
     provided by PwC is RMB0.58 million. There were no non-audit services provided by our external auditor for the year ended 31
     December 2024.


     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

     The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the Company’s risk management and internal control systems and reviewing their
     effectiveness. The risk management and internal control measures are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to
     achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.


     All relevant departments in the Company, including but not limited to the finance department, the legal department and the human
     resources department conduct internal control assessment regularly to identify risks that potentially impact the business of the
     Group and various aspects including key operational and financial processes, regulatory compliance and information security. Self-
     evaluation is also conducted annually to confirm that control policies are properly complied with by each department.


     The executive committee, in coordination with the senior management of the Company and department heads, assesses the
     likelihood of risk occurrence, provide treatment plans, and monitor the risk management progress, and reports to the Audit
     Committee and the Board on all findings and the effectiveness of the systems.


     The management has reported to the Board and the Audit Committee on the effectiveness of the risk management (including ESG
     risks) and internal control systems for the year ended 31 December 2024.


     During the Reporting Period, the Board had conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of the risk management (including
     ESG risks) and internal control system of the Company and considered the system effective and adequate. The annual review
     also covered the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s
     accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions, as well as those relating to the Company’s ESG performance and
     reporting.



86    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




RISK MANAGEMENT

The Company recognizes that risk management is critical to the success of the Group’s business operation. Key operational risks
faced by the Company include changes in the general market conditions and the regulatory environment of the Chinese and global
pharmaceutical markets, the ability to develop, manufacture and commercialize the drug candidates, and the ability to compete with
other pharmaceutical companies. The Company also face various market risks. In particular, the Company is exposed to credit,
liquidity, interest rate and currency risks that arise in the normal course of the business.


The Company has adopted a consolidated set of risk management policies which set out a risk management framework to identify,
assess, evaluate and monitor key risks associated with the strategic objectives on an on-going basis. The Audit Committee, and
ultimately the Directors, supervise the implementation of risk management policies. Risks identified by management will be analyzed
on the basis of likelihood and impact, and will be properly followed up and mitigated by the Group and reported to the Directors.


The following key principles outline the Group’s approach to risk management and internal control:


•     The executive committee which is comprised of senior management and functional heads will oversee and manage the overall
      risks associated with the business operations, including (i) reviewing and approving the risk management policy to ensure
      that it is consistent with the corporate objectives; (ii) reviewing and approving the corporate risk tolerance; (iii) monitoring the
      most significant risks associated with the business operation and the management’s handling of such risks; (iv) reviewing
      the corporate risk in the light of corporate risk tolerance; and (v) monitoring and ensuring the appropriate application of risk
      management framework across the Group.


•     The Company’s senior management is responsible for (i) formulating and updating risk management policy and target; (ii)
      reviewing and approving major risk management issues of the Company; (iii) promulgating risk management measures; (iv)
      providing guidance on risk management approach to the relevant departments in the Company; (v) reviewing the relevant
      departments’ reporting on key risks and providing feedbacks; (vi) supervising the implementation of risk management
      measures by the relevant departments; (vii) ensuring that the appropriate structure, processes and competencies are in place
      across the Group; and (viii) reporting to the executive committee on the material risks.


•     The relevant departments in the Company, including but not limited to the finance department, the legal department and the
      human resources department, are responsible for implementing risk management policy and carrying out day-to-day risk
      management practice. In order to formalize risk management across the Group and set a common level of transparency and
      risk management performance, the relevant departments will (i) gather information about the risks relating to their operation
      or function; (ii) conduct risk assessments, which include the identification, prioritization, measurement and categorization of
      all key risks that could potentially affect their objectives; (iii) prepare a risk management report annually for the chief executive
      officer’s review; (iv) continuously monitor the key risks relating to their operation or function; (v) implement appropriate risk
      responses where necessary; and (vi) develop and maintain an appropriate mechanism to facilitate the application of risk
      management framework.




                                                                                           Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024     87
     Corporate Governance Report




     The Company considers that the Directors and members of the senior management possess the necessary knowledge and
     experience in providing good corporate governance oversight in connection with risk management and internal control. See “Directors
     and Senior Management” for details of their qualification and experiences.


     INTERNAL CONTROL

     The Board is responsible for the internal control system and reviewing their effectiveness. The Company has established an
     internal control function to develop and maintain an appropriate internal control system, comprising internal control environment,
     risk assessment, control activities, information and communication, and supervision, to ensure its alignment with the Company’s
     strategic objectives and operational needs.


     The Company has adopted various measures and procedures regarding each aspect of the business operation, which includes
     enhanced effective internal control and corresponding actions, the establishment of a well-defined authority structure with proper
     segregation of duties, the monitoring of strategic plans and performance, the design of an efficient accounting and information
     system, the control over sensitive information, as well as the prompt actions and timely communication with stakeholders are all
     integral components in ensuring effective risk management within the Company.


     The Company provides periodic training about these measures and procedures to the employees as part of the employee training
     program. The internal control team conducts self-assessment to monitor the implementation of control activities, reports the
     weakness identified to the management and follows up on the rectification actions. Comprehensive trainings were delivered to
     employees to enhance the execution of internal control procedures, which is embedded within business processes so that it
     functions as an integral part of the overall operation of the Company.


     The Company has in place the code of conduct and business ethics to safeguard against corruption and bribery within the
     Company. The Company has an internal reporting channel that is open and available for employees of the Company to report any
     suspected corruption and bribery. The Company also has in place a whistleblowing policy for employees of the Company which
     enable employees to raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, to the compliance officer of the Company, who is responsible
     for investigating the reported incidents and taking appropriate measures, about possible improprieties in any matters related to
     the Company. The Company continues to carry out anti-corruption and antibribery activities to cultivate a culture of integrity, and
     actively organizes anti-corruption training and inspections to ensure the effectiveness of anti-corruption and anti-bribery. There were
     no non-compliance cases in relation to bribery and corruption.


     The Company has adopted an information disclosure management policy which sets out comprehensive guidelines in respect of
     handling and dissemination of material non-public information. The Board and management team are responsible for monitoring and
     implementing the control.




88    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




The Company consistently enhances comprehensive digital platform with embedded control logic to automate segregation of duties
validations and delegation of authority in approval workflows. Regular updates are conducted to adapt to evolving business needs
and emerging risks, ensuring the platform remains robust and aligned with the Company’s internal control framework.


The Company has in place a whistleblowing policy for employees of the Company (the “Whistleblowing Policy”) and those who deal
with the Company to raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the compliance officer of the Company about possible
improprieties in any matters related to the Company.


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

Ms. Leah Liu (劉栩昕) and Ms. Yee Wa Lau (劉綺華) have been appointed as the Company’s joint company secretaries. Ms. Yee
Wa Lau is a director of corporate services of Tricor Services Limited, a global professional services provider specializing in integrated
business, corporate and investor services, and assists Ms. Liu in discharging her duties as a joint company secretary of the
Company.


All Directors have access to the advice and services of the joint company secretaries on corporate governance and board practices
and matters. Ms. Liu has been designated as the primary contact person at the Company which would work and communicate with
Ms. Lau on the Company’s corporate governance and secretarial and administrative matters.


For the Reporting Period, each of Ms. Liu and Ms. Lau has undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training
respectively in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

Convening of Extraordinary General Meetings (“EGM”) by Shareholders and Putting Forward Proposals
at General Meetings

Pursuant to article 12.3 of the Articles of Association, the Board may, whenever it thinks fit, convene an EGM. EGMs shall also
be convened on the written requisition of any one or more members holding together, as at the date of deposit of the requisition,
shares representing not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company which carry the right of voting at general
meetings of the Company. The written requisition shall be deposited at the principal office of the Company in Hong Kong or, in
the event the Company ceases to have such a principal office, the registered office of the Company, specifying the objects of the
meeting and signed by the requisitionist(s). If the Directors do not within 21 days from the date of deposit of the requisition proceed
duly to convene the meeting to be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionist(s) themselves or any of them representing more
than one-half of the total voting rights of all of them, may convene the general meeting in the same manner, as nearly as possible,
as that in which meetings may be convened by the Directors provided that any meeting so convened shall not be held after the
expiration of three months from the date of deposit of the requisition, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as
a result of the failure of the Directors shall be reimbursed to them by the Company.




                                                                                         Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024     89
     Corporate Governance Report




     Shareholders who wish to put forward proposals at general meetings may achieve so by means of convening an extraordinary
     general meeting following the procedures set out in paragraph above.


     As regards the procedures for Shareholders to propose a candidate for election as a Director, they are available on the Company’s
     website at www.everestmedicines.com .


     Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board and Contact Details

     For putting forward any enquiries to the Board, Shareholders may send written enquiries to the Company, for the attention of the
     Board by mail to 16/F., CITIC Pacific Plaza, 1168 West Nanjing Road, Jing’an District, Shanghai 200041, China. The Company will
     not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.


     Communication with Shareholders and Investors Relations

     The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and investor
     understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company endeavours to maintain an ongoing dialogue
     with Shareholders and in particular, through annual general meetings and other general meetings. At the forthcoming annual general
     meeting, Directors (or their delegates as appropriate) will be available to meet Shareholders and answer their enquiries.


     To promote effective communication, the Company maintains a website at www.everestmedicines.com , where information and
     updates on the Company’s business developments and operations, financial information, corporate governance practices and other
     information are available for public access.


     Shareholders’ Communication Policy

     The Company has in place a shareholders’ communication policy (the “Shareholders’ Communication Policy”). The policy aims at
     promoting effective communication with Shareholders and other stakeholders, encouraging Shareholders to engage actively with
     the Company and enabling Shareholders to exercise their rights as Shareholders effectively. The Board reviewed the implementation
     and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy and the results were satisfactory.




90    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




The Company has established a number of channels for maintaining an on-going dialogue with its Shareholders as follows:


(a)   Corporate Communication


      “Corporate Communication” as defined under the Listing Rules refers to any document issued or to be issued by the
      Company for the information or action of holders of any of its securities, including but not limited to the following documents
      of the Company: (a) the Directors’ report, annual accounts together with a copy of the auditor’s report and, where applicable,
      its summary financial report; (b) the interim report and, where applicable, its summary interim report; (c) a notice of meeting; (d)
      a listing document; (e) a circular; and (f) a proxy form. The Corporate Communication of the Company will be published on the
      Stock Exchange’s website (www.hkexnews.hk ) in a timely manner as required by the Listing Rules. Corporate Communication
      will be provided to Shareholders and non-registered holders of the Company’s securities in both English and Chinese versions
      or where permitted, in a single language, in a timely manner as required by the Listing Rules.


(b)   Announcements and Other Documents pursuant to the Listing Rules


      The Company shall publish announcements (on inside information, corporate actions and transactions etc.) and other
      documents (e.g. Memorandum and Articles of Association) on the Stock Exchange’s website in a timely manner in
      accordance with the Listing Rules.


(c)   Corporate Website


      Any information or documents of the Company posted on the Stock Exchange’s website will also be published on the
      Company’s website (www.everestmedicines.com ).


(d)   Shareholders’ Meetings


      The annual general meeting and other general meetings of the Company are the primary forum for communication between
      the Company and its Shareholders. The Company shall provide Shareholders with relevant information on the resolutions(s)
      proposed at a general meeting in a timely manner in accordance with the Listing Rules. The information provided shall be
      reasonably necessary to enable Shareholders to make an informed decision on the proposed resolution(s). Shareholders
      are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies to attend and vote at the meetings for and on their
      behalf if they are unable to attend the meetings. Where appropriate or required, the Chairman of the Board and other Board
      members, the chairmen of board committees or their delegates, and the external auditors should attend general meetings of
      the Company to answer Shareholders’ questions (if any).




                                                                                          Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024     91
     Corporate Governance Report




     (e)   Shareholders’ Enquiries


           Enquiries about shareholdings


           Shareholders should direct their enquiries about their shareholdings to the Company’s Hong Kong Share Registrar,
           Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, by Online Feedback at https://www.computershare.com/hk/en/
           online_ feedback or calling its hotline at 2862 8555, or going in person to its public counter at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor,
           Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong.


           Enquiries about corporate governance or other matters to be put to the Board and the Company


           The Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries. Shareholders may send written enquiries to the
           Company, for the attention of the Board by mail to 16/F., CITIC Pacific Plaza, 1168 West Nanjing Road, Jing’an District,
           Shanghai 200041, China.


     Changes in Constitutional Documents

     On 28 June 2024, the Company adopted the eighth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the
     Company in substitution for and to the exclusion of the previous seventh amended and restated memorandum and articles of
     association of the Company, to (i) update and bring the Articles of Association in line with the amendments made to the Listing
     Rules in respect of the electronic dissemination of corporate communications by listed issuers which came into effect on 31
     December 2023; and (ii) make other consequential and housekeeping amendments. For further details, please refer to the circular of
     the Company dated 5 June 2024.


     The latest version of the Articles of Association is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.




92    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                 Independent Auditor’s Report




                                                       Ernst & Young             安永會計師事務所                    Tel 電話: +852 2846 9888
                                                       27/F, One Taikoo Place,   香港鰂魚涌英皇道979號                Fax 傳真: +852 2868 4432
                                                       979 King’s Road,          太古坊一座27樓                    ey.com
                                                       Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

To the shareholders of Everest Medicines Limited
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Everest Medicines Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”)
set out on pages 99 to 203, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024, and the
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the
consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material
accounting policy information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been
properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in
accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   93
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     KEY AUDIT MATTERS

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
     financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
     statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each
     matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.


     We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
     section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed
     to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our
     audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
     accompanying consolidated financial statements.


       Key audit matter                                                    How our audit addressed the key audit matter

       Impairment assessment of in-process research and development (“IPR&D”)


       As at 31 December 2024, the Group had intangible                    Our procedures performed in relation to management’s
       assets of RMB1,505,683,000 for acquired IPR&D of drug               impairment assessment of IPR&D mainly included the
       candidates which are not ready for use, and the amount of           following:
       such intangible assets was significant to the consolidated
       financial statements of the Group. During the year ended            •      obtaining an understanding of key controls relating
       31 December 2024, impairment loss on specific IPR&D                        to management’s impairment assessment of IPR&D,
       amounting to RMB356,340,000 was recognised. The IPR&D                      including significant estimates and judgements applied;
       is subject to impairment assessment at least on an annual
       basis, based on the recoverable amounts of the cash-                •      assessing the inherent risk of material misstatement
       generating unit (“CGU”) to which the IPR&D is related.                     by considering the degree of estimation uncertainty
                                                                                  and the level of other inherent risk factors such as
       Impairment assessment of IPR&D not ready for use was                       complexity, subjectivity, changes and susceptibility to
       considered a key audit matter because it involved significant              management bias or fraud;
       management estimates and judgements, including
       assumptions relating to the expected achievement of                 •      assessing the reasonableness of management’s
       development milestones, forecasted revenue growth rate and                 identification of cash-generating units based on
       discount rate.                                                             the Group’s accounting policies and business
                                                                                  arrangements;
       Further details are disclosed in Note 2.4, Note 3 and Note 17
       to the consolidated financial statements.                           •      inquiring of management and inspecting relevant
                                                                                  supporting documents about the current development
                                                                                  status for each IPR&D to assess whether there are any
                                                                                  major hurdles faced by the Group;




94    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                    Independent Auditor’s Report




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

 Key audit matter                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Impairment assessment of in-process research and development (“IPR&D”)


                                                         •     evaluating the competency, capabilities and objectivity
                                                               of the external independent appraiser engaged by the
                                                               Group, and obtaining an understanding of their work to
                                                               perform the valuation of each CGU;


                                                         •     evaluating, with the assistance of our valuation
                                                               specialist, the appropriateness of the discounted cash
                                                               flow model used by management to determine the
                                                               value in use of CGU in the impairment assessment and
                                                               the reasonableness of key assumptions used, including
                                                               forecasted revenue growth rate and discount rate by
                                                               comparing them with the Group’s development plan
                                                               and market data;


                                                         •     performing a retrospective review by evaluating
                                                               the outcome of prior period forecast to assess the
                                                               effectiveness of management’s estimation process;


                                                         •     assessing sensitivities over the key assumptions
                                                               including forecasted revenue growth rate and discount
                                                               rate in the discounted cash flow model to consider
                                                               the sufficiency of headroom between the recoverable
                                                               amount and carrying amount of each CGU; and


                                                         •     evaluating the adequacy of disclosure of key
                                                               assumptions used in the impairment assessment in the
                                                               consolidated financial statements.




                                                                           Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   95
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in
     the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
     assurance conclusion thereon.


     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
     so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge
     obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude
     that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
     regard.


     RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
     fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
     Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
     consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
     to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
     accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic
     alternative but to do so.


     The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s
     financial reporting process.




96    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                 Independent Auditor’s Report




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Our report is made
solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person
for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis
of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout
the audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
      design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
      to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
      one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
      internal control.


•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
      circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
      evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
      the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
      attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
      inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s
      report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




                                                                                        Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024    97
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     •       Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
             and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves
             fair presentation.


     •       Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the
             entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are
             responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain
             solely responsible for our audit opinion.


     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
     significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
     independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
     independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit
     of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in
     our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances,
     we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
     reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Lau Kwok Wa Lawrence.




     Ernst & Young
     Certified Public Accountants


     Hong Kong
     25 March 2025




98       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                         Notes                   2024                    2023
                                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000


REVENUE                                                                   5                  706,678                  125,932
Cost of sales                                                                                (179,794)                 (34,414)


Gross profit                                                                                 526,884                   91,518
General and administrative expenses                                                          (250,078)               (165,155)
Research and development expenses                                                            (528,035)               (540,054)
Distribution and selling expenses                                                            (508,070)               (231,419)
Other income — net                                                        6                    15,395                  13,175
Other losses — net                                                        7                  (373,140)               (100,803)
Finance income — net                                                      9                    73,024                  84,608
Fair value change in financial assets at fair value through
  profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                                                                          (7)                    848
Fair value change in financial instruments issued to investors                                  2,652                    2,819


LOSS BEFORE TAX                                                           12               (1,041,375)               (844,463)
Income tax expense                                                                                   –                       –


LOSS FOR THE YEAR                                                                          (1,041,375)               (844,463)



Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                                     (1,041,375)               (844,463)



OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Changes in foreign currency translation adjustments of
   the Company’s subsidiaries                                                                (124,599)                 18,130

Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Changes in foreign currency translation adjustments of the Company                         168,389                   79,772
  Changes in fair value of equity investments designated at fair value
   through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                                              (19,949)                 (42,461)


                                                                                             148,440                   37,311




                                                                                 Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   99
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
      Year ended 31 December 2024




                                                              Notes        2024        2023
                                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000


       OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX               23,841      55,441


       TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEAR                          (1,017,534)   (789,022)



       Attributable to:
         Owners of the parent                                         (1,017,534)   (789,022)



       LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
         HOLDERS OF THE PARENT (Expressed in RMB per share)
       Basic                                                   14          (3.24)      (2.70)



       Diluted                                                 14          (3.24)      (2.70)




100    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                            Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                              31 December 2024




                                                    31 December           31 December                 1 January
                                            Notes          2024                    2023                    2023
                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                             (Restated)               (Restated)


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                15         576,100                600,775                  537,317
Right-of-use assets                          16          73,944                  83,212                 106,539
Intangible assets                            17        2,254,394             2,523,716                2,378,477
Investments                                  18          29,705                  48,930                  89,242
Other non-current assets                     19           9,071                   8,526                  89,021


Total non-current assets                               2,943,214             3,265,159                3,200,596


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                  20          14,082                  18,944                  11,637
Trade receivables                            21         363,572                  49,858                    5,214
Prepayments and other current assets         22          34,672                  89,120               1,745,915
Bank deposits                                23         718,840              1,826,628                1,160,588
Cash and cash equivalents                    23         884,468                523,063                  490,788


Total current assets                                   2,015,634             2,507,613                3,414,142


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and other payables                     24         304,550                258,811                  425,617
Borrowings                                   25         443,842                  22,664                        –
Lease liabilities                            16          18,783                  18,652                  20,327
Financial instruments issued to investors    26          26,364                  28,614                  30,923
Other current liabilities                                     –                        –                424,081


Total current liabilities                               793,539                328,741                  900,948


NET CURRENT ASSETS                                     1,222,095             2,178,872                2,513,194


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                  4,165,309             5,444,031                5,713,790




                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   101
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      31 December 2024




                                                                      31 December            31 December                 1 January
                                                             Notes            2024                    2023                    2023
                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Restated)              (Restated)


       NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
       Borrowings                                                25         55,852                 429,314                          –
       Lease liabilities                                         16         30,765                  39,996                  59,307
       Deferred income                                           28          5,898                   6,053                          –


       Total non-current liabilities                                        92,515                 475,363                  59,307


       Net assets                                                        4,072,794               4,968,668               5,654,483



       EQUITY
       Equity attributable to owners of the parent
       Share capital                                             29            221                     219                        211
       Reserves                                                  32     14,042,141             13,920,483               13,817,284
       Accumulated deficit                                             (10,057,856)             (9,016,481)             (8,172,018)
       Accumulated other comprehensive income                               88,288                  64,447                    9,006


       Total equity                                                      4,072,794               4,968,668               5,654,483




                                Yongqing Luo                                                Ian Ying Woo
                   Executive Director, Chief Executive Officer          Executive Director, President & Chief Financial Officer




102    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2024




                                              Share        Capital    Treasury      FVTOCI      Exchange     Accumulated         Total
                                   Notes     capital      reserve       shares      reserve*      reserve*         deficit      equity
                                           RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000
                                           (note 29)     (note 32)    (note 31)


At 1 January 2023                               211    13,817,287            (3)   (187,042)     196,048      (8,172,018)    5,654,483
Loss for the year                                 –             –            –            –             –       (844,463)     (844,463)
Other comprehensive (loss)/
  income for the year:
  Changes in fair value of
   financial assets at
   FVTOCI, net of tax                             –             –            –      (42,461)            –               –      (42,461)
  Foreign currency translation                    –             –            –            –       97,902                –      97,902


Total comprehensive (loss)/
  income the year                                 –             –            –      (42,461)      97,902        (844,463)     (789,022)
Issuance of ordinary shares held
  by Share Scheme Trusts            31            2             –            (2)          –             –               –            –
Share-based compensation            30            –       73,420             –            –             –               –      73,420
Restricted share units vested       31            –             (4)          4            –             –               –            –
Exercise of share options           29            6       29,781             –            –             –               –      29,787


At 31 December 2023                             219    13,920,484            (1)   (229,503)     293,950      (9,016,481)    4,968,668




                                                                                      Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024      103
      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      Year ended 31 December 2024




                                                              Share         Capital       Treasury        FVTOCI        Exchange Accumulated                Total
                                                  Notes      capital        reserve         shares         reserve*       reserve*         deficit        equity
                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                           (note 29)      (note 32)       (note 31)


          At 1 January 2024                                     219     13,920,484               (1)      (229,503)       293,950      (9,016,481)     4,968,668
          Loss for the year                                       –               –              –               –               –     (1,041,375)    (1,041,375)
          Other comprehensive (loss)/
            income for the year:
            Changes in fair value of
             financial assets at
             FVTOCI, net of tax                                   –               –              –         (19,949)              –              –        (19,949)
            Foreign currency translation                          –               –              –               –         43,790               –         43,790


          Total comprehensive (loss)/
            income for the year                                   –               –              –         (19,949)        43,790      (1,041,375)    (1,071,534)
          Share-based payments                     30             –         91,098               –               –               –              –         91,098
          Restricted share units vested            31             –              (1)             1               –               –              –               –
          Exercise of share options                29             2         30,560               –               –               –              –         30,562


          At 31 December 2024                                   221     14,042,141               –        (249,452)       337,740     (10,057,856)     4,072,794


      *        These accounts comprise the consolidated accumulated other comprehensive income of RMB88,288 thousand (2023: RMB64,447 thousand) in the consolidated
               statement of financial position.




104       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                           Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                   Notes                   2024                    2023
                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Loss before tax:                                                                     (1,041,375)               (844,463)
Adjustments for:
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                     15                   51,146                  46,422
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                               16                   18,454                  17,200
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                 17                   64,018                  13,154
  Fair value change in financial instruments issued to investors                         (2,652)                  (2,819)
  Fair value change in financial assets at FVTPL                                               7                    (848)
  Share-based payments                                              30                   91,098                  73,420
  Interest income and interest expenses on borrowings                                   (75,517)                 (87,833)
  Unrealised foreign exchange (gains)/losses                        7                   (19,508)                 28,074
  Interest expenses on lease liabilities                            16                    2,493                    3,225
  Impairment loss on intangible assets                              17                 356,340                   51,968
  Impairment loss on trade receivables                              21                      219                        –
  Impairment loss on inventories                                    20                    2,007                        –
  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and
  right-of-use assets                                                                          –                   1,430
  Other income recognised for asset-related government grant                               (155)                    (142)


                                                                                       (553,425)               (701,212)
Increase in trade receivables                                                          (313,933)                 (44,644)
Decrease in prepayments and other assets                                                 33,888                  86,602
Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                                        2,855                   (7,307)
Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables                                        106,690                 (116,550)
(Increase)/decrease in other non-current assets                                            (573)                     619


Cash used in operations                                                                (724,498)               (782,492)
Interest received                                                                        44,985                  13,302


Net cash flows used in operating activities                                            (679,513)               (769,190)




                                                                           Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   105
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      Year ended 31 December 2024




                                                              Notes        2024          2023
                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000


       CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
       Purchases of property, plant and equipment                        (65,406)    (117,336)
       Purchase of intangible assets                                   (138,745)     (148,614)
       Purchase of bank deposits                                      (3,952,740)   (3,533,293)
       Government grant on purchase of land use rights                         –        6,195
       Withdrawal of bank deposits                                    5,131,287     2,964,525
       Disposal of intangible assets                                           –    1,580,582
       Disposal of property, plant and equipment                               –           64
       Disposal of right-of-use assets                                         –          374


       Net cash flows from investing activities                         974,396       752,497


       CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
       Payments of lease liabilities                                     (20,782)      (20,269)
       Proceeds from bank borrowings                                     70,000       451,460
       Payment for borrowings from Jiashan Shanhe                              –     (442,930)
       Repayment of bank borrowings                                      (22,296)            –
       Interests paid for bank loans                                     (19,684)       (7,945)
       Proceeds from exercise of share options                           30,562        29,787


       Net cash flows from financing activities                          37,800        10,103


       NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS             332,683         (6,590)
       Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                   523,063       490,788
       Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                      28,722        38,865


       CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                23       884,468       523,063




106    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                         31 December 2024




1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

  Everest Medicines Limited (the “Company” or “Everest”) was incorporated under the law of the Cayman Islands as an
  exempted company with limited liability on 14 July 2017. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the
  “Group”) engage primarily in in-licensing, development and commercialisation of innovative therapies in Greater China and
  other emerging Asia-Pacific markets.


  The registered office of the Company is located at PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman KY1-1104, Cayman Islands.


  The Company listed its shares on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 9 October 2020.


  Information about subsidiaries

  Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:


                                                                                                               Percentage of
                                                        Place of business                                 equity attributable to the
                                                    and date and place of            Issued ordinary/            Company
   Name                                          incorporation/registration   registered share capital        Direct      Indirect     Principal activities


   Everest Medicines (US) Limited                      The United States of        United States Dollar       100%               –     Business development and
                                                                   America                (“USD”) 500                                    administrative office
                                                         5 September 2017
   Everest Medicines (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.                       Singapore    Singapore Dollar (“SGD”)        100%               –     International activities
                                                        22 November 2018                 400,000,000
   EverNov Medicines Limited (“EverNov”)                   Cayman Islands                  USD50,000         92.86%              –     Holding company
                                                             14 June 2018
   Everest Medicines II Limited (“Everest II”)             Cayman Islands                  USD50,000          100%               –     Holding company
                                                        25 November 2019
   Everstar Therapeutics Limited                                Hong Kong            Hong Kong Dollar         100%               –     Research and development
                                                            3 January 2018                   (“HKD”) 1                                   of innovative therapies
   EverNov Medicines (HK) Limited                               Hong Kong             USD10,000,000                –       92.86%      Holding company
                                                        13 December 2018
   Everest Medicines II (HK) Limited                            Hong Kong             HKD50,000,000                –         100%      Holding company
     (“Everest II HK”)                                  25 November 2019
   Everest Medicines (Suzhou) Inc**                   People’s Republic of          Renminbi (“RMB”)               –         100%      Research and development
     雲頂藥業(蘇州)有限公司                                          China (“PRC”)/                  33,208,436                                    of innovative therapies
                                                           Mainland China
                                                         11 October 2017




                                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024                107
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

           Information about subsidiaries (continued)


                                                                                                                                     Percentage of
                                                                            Place of business                                   equity attributable to the
                                                                        and date and place of               Issued ordinary/           Company
                Name                                                incorporation/registration       registered share capital       Direct      Indirect     Principal activities


                EverID Medicines (Beijing) Limited**                      PRC/Mainland China                 RMB33,498,463               –         100%      Research and development
                  雲濟華美藥業(北京)有限公司                                               30 March 2018                                                                   of innovative therapies
                Everstar Medicines (Shanghai) Limited**                   PRC/Mainland China                 RMB35,679,500               –         100%      Research and development
                  雲屹藥業(上海)有限公司                                                   16 April 2018                                                                 of innovative therapies
                EverNov Medicines (Zhuhai Hengqin) Limited*               PRC/Mainland China                 USD15,000,000               –       92.86%      Research and development
                  雲衍醫藥科技(珠海橫琴)有限公司                                           13 February 2019                                                                  of innovative therapies
                Everest Medicines (China) Co., Ltd.                       PRC/Mainland China                USD220,000,000               –         100%      Research and development
                  (“Everest China”)**                                              3 April 2020                                                                of innovative therapies,
                  雲頂新耀醫藥科技有限公司 (“雲頂新耀中國”)                                                                                                                      and commercialisation
                Everest Medicines Korea, LLC                                             Korea    South Korean Won (“KRW”)               –         100%      International activities
                                                                                   7 July 2021                  200,000,000
                EverRNA Medicines (Jiashan)                               PRC/Mainland China                RMB400,000,000               –         100%      Research and development
                  Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.**                                  30 May 2022                                                                   of innovative therapies
                  雲頂新耀(嘉善)生物醫藥有限公司
                EverRNA Medicines Limited                                      Cayman Islands                    USD50,000               –         100%      Holding company
                                                                                 9 March 2022
                EverRNA Medicines (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.                             Singapore                    SGD10,000               –         100%      International activities
                                                                               24 March 2022
                Everest Medicines (Shanghai)                              PRC/Mainland China                 USD66,000,000               –         100%      Research and development
                  Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.*                                   3 March 2023                                                                  of innovative therapies
                  雲頂新耀(上海)生物醫藥有限公司

           *           These entities are registered as wholly-foreign-owned enterprises under PRC law. The English names of these companies represent the best effort made by
                       the directors of the Company to directly translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.


           **          These entities are PRC limited liability companies. The English names of these companies represent the best effort made by the directors of the Company to
                       directly translate their Chinese names as they did not register any official English names.



           The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results
           for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the
           opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.




108    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                 31 December 2024




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES

  2.1 Basis of Preparation

      These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards (which include all
      International Financial Reporting Standards, International Accounting Standards (“IASs”) and Interpretations) issued by
      the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
      Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for equity investments designated
      at FVTOCI, financial assets at FVTPL and convertible redeemable preferred shares which have been measured at fair
      value. These financial statements are presented in RMB and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except
      when otherwise indicated.


      Basis of consolidation


      The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year
      ended 31 December 2024. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the
      Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with
      the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give
      the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).


      Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has less than
      a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in
      assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:


      (a)   the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;


      (b)   rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and


      (c)   the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.


      The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using
      consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group obtains
      control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.




                                                                                      Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   109
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.1 Basis of Preparation (continued)

                  Basis of consolidation (continued)


                  Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent of the
                  Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. All
                  intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of
                  the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


                  The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes
                  to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary,
                  without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.


                  If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the related assets (including goodwill), liabilities, any non-
                  controlling interest and the exchange reserve; and recognises the fair value of any investment retained and any resulting
                  surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously recognised in other comprehensive
                  income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the
                  Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.




110    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                    31 December 2024




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.2 Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures

      The Group has adopted the following revised IFRS Accounting Standards for the first time for the current year’s financial
      statements.


      Amendments to IFRS 16                        Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
      Amendments to IAS 1                          Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (the “2020 Amendments”)
      Amendments to IAS 1                          Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)
      Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7               Supplier Finance Arrangements

      The nature and the impact of the revised IFRS Accounting Standards are described below:


      (a)   Amendments to IFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability arising
            in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any amount of the gain or loss
            that relates to the right of use it retains. Since the Group has no sale and leaseback transactions with variable
            lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate occurring from the date of initial application of IFRS 16,
            the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.


      (b)   The 2020 Amendments clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current, including what
            is meant by a right to defer settlement and that a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting period.
            Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer settlement. The
            amendments also clarify that a liability can be settled in its own equity instruments, and that only if a conversion
            option in a convertible liability is itself accounted for as an equity instrument would the terms of a liability not
            impact its classification. The 2022 Amendments further clarify that, among covenants of a liability arising from
            a loan arrangement, only those with which an entity must comply on or before the reporting date affect the
            classification of that liability as current or non-current. Additional disclosures are required for non-current liabilities
            that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12 months after the reporting period.


            The Group has reassessed the terms and conditions of its liabilities as at 1 January 2023 and 2024 upon
            initial application of the amendments. As at 1 January 2023 and 2024, the Group had outstanding convertible
            redeemable preferred shares with carrying amounts of RMB30,923 thousand and RMB28,614 thousand,
            respectively (note 26). Prior to the initial application of the amendments, the convertible redeemable preferred
            shares were classified as non-current liabilities. Upon initial application of the amendments, the convertible
            redeemable preferred shares were reclassified as current liabilities since the conversion options were not
            classified as equity and are exercisable at any time at the option of the holders. The quantitative impact on the
            consolidated statements of financial position is summarised below.




                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024        111
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.2 Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures (continued)

                                                                                                    Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                            As at               As at               As at
                                                                                   31 December          31 December            1 January
                                                                                            2024                2023                2023
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000


                   CURRENT LIABILITIES
                   Financial instruments issued to investors                              26,364              28,614              30,923


                   Total current liabilities                                              26,364              28,614              30,923



                   NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                     (26,364)            (28,614)           (30,923)



                   TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                  (26,364)            (28,614)           (30,923)



                   NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
                   Financial instruments issued to investors                              (26,364)            (28,614)           (30,923)


                   Total non-current liabilities                                          (26,364)            (28,614)           (30,923)


                  The adoption of the amendments did not have any impact on the basic and diluted loss per share attributable to
                  ordinary equity holders of the parent, profit or loss, other comprehensive income and the consolidated statements of
                  cash flows for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.


           (c)    Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 clarify the characteristics of supplier finance arrangements and require additional
                  disclosure of such arrangements. The disclosure requirements in the amendments are intended to assist users of
                  financial statements in understanding the effects of supplier finance arrangements on an entity’s liabilities, cash flows
                  and exposure to liquidity risk. As the Group does not have supplier finance arrangements, the amendments did not
                  have any impact on the Group’s financial statements.




112    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                              31 December 2024




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.3 Issued but not yet Effective IFRS Accounting Standards

      The Group has not applied the following new and revised IFRS Accounting Standards, that have been issued but are
      not yet effective, in these financial statements. The Group intends to apply these new and revised IFRS Accounting
      Standards, if applicable, when they become effective.


      IFRS 18                                                               Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3
      IFRS 19                                                               Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures3
      Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                                       Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity2
      Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                                       Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                                                 Financial Instruments2
      Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                                      Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                                                 its Associate or Joint Venture4
      Amendments to IAS 21                                                  Lack of Exchangeability1
      Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting                                Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 7, IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 72
          Standards — Volume 11

      1
             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025
      2
             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
      3
             Effective for annual/reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027
      4
             No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption



      Further information about those IFRS Accounting Standards that are expected to be applicable to the Group is
      described below.




                                                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   113
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
           2.3 Issued but not yet Effective IFRS Accounting Standards (continued)

                  IFRS 18 replaces IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. While a number of sections have been brought forward
                  from IAS 1 with limited changes, IFRS 18 introduces new requirements for presentation within the statement of profit
                  or loss and other comprehensive income, including specified totals and subtotals. Entities are required to classify
                  all income and expenses within the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income into one of the
                  five categories: operating, investing, financing, income taxes and discontinued operations and to present two new
                  defined subtotals. It also requires disclosures about management-defined performance measures in a single note and
                  introduces enhanced requirements on the grouping (aggregation and disaggregation) and the location of information in
                  both the primary financial statements and the notes. Some requirements previously included in IAS 1 are moved to IAS
                  8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors, which is renamed as IAS 8 Basis of Preparation
                  of Financial Statements. As a consequence of the issuance of IFRS 18, limited, but widely applicable, amendments are
                  made to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows, IAS 33 Earnings per Share and IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. In addition,
                  there are minor consequential amendments to other IFRS Accounting Standards. IFRS 18 and the consequential
                  amendments to other IFRS Accounting Standards are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January
                  2027 with earlier application permitted. Retrospective application is required. The Group is currently analysing the
                  new requirements and assessing the impact of IFRS 18 on the presentation and disclosure of the Group’s financial
                  statements.


                  IFRS 19 allows eligible entities to elect to apply reduced disclosure requirements while still applying the recognition,
                  measurement and presentation requirements in other IFRS Accounting Standards. To be eligible, at the end of the
                  reporting period, an entity must be a subsidiary as defined in IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements, cannot have
                  public accountability and must have a parent (ultimate or intermediate) that prepares consolidated financial statements
                  available for public use which comply with IFRS Accounting Standards. Earlier application is permitted. As the Company
                  is a listed company, it is not eligible to elect to apply IFRS 19. Some of the Company’s subsidiaries are considering the
                  application of IFRS 19 in their specified financial statements.


                  Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments
                  clarify the date on which a financial asset or financial liability is derecognised and introduce an accounting policy option
                  to derecognise a financial liability that is settled through an electronic payment system before the settlement date if
                  specified criteria are met. The amendments clarify how to assess the contractual cash flow characteristics of financial
                  assets with environmental, social and governance and other similar contingent features. Moreover, the amendments
                  clarify the requirements for classifying financial assets with non-recourse features and contractually linked instruments.
                  The amendments also include additional disclosures for investments in equity instruments designated at FVTOCI and
                  financial instruments with contingent features. The amendments shall be applied retrospectively with an adjustment to
                  opening retained profits (or other component of equity) at the initial application date. Prior periods are not required to
                  be restated and can only be restated without the use of hindsight. Earlier application of either all the amendments at the
                  same time or only the amendments related to the classification of financial assets is permitted. The amendments are
                  not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.




114    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                           31 December 2024




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  2.3 Issued but not yet Effective IFRS Accounting Standards (continued)

      Amendments to IAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another currency
      and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when exchangeability is lacking. The
      amendments require disclosures of information that enable users of financial statements to understand the impact
      of a currency not being exchangeable. Earlier application is permitted. When applying the amendments, an entity
      cannot restate comparative information. Any cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments shall be recognised
      as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits or to the cumulative amount of translation differences
      accumulated in a separate component of equity, where appropriate, at the date of initial application. The amendments
      are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


      Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards — Volume 11 set out amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 7 (and the
      accompanying Guidance on implementing IFRS 7), IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 7. Details of the amendments that are
      expected to be applicable to the Group are as follows:


      •     IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures: The amendments have updated certain wording in paragraph B38
            of IFRS 7 and paragraphs IG1, IG14 and IG20B of the Guidance on implementing IFRS 7 for the purpose of
            simplification or achieving consistency with other paragraphs in the standard and/or with the concepts and
            terminology used in other standards. In addition, the amendments clarify that the Guidance on implementing
            IFRS 7 does not necessarily illustrate all the requirements in the referenced paragraphs of IFRS 7 nor does it
            create additional requirements. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any
            significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


      •     IFRS 9 Financial Instruments: The amendments clarify that when a lessee has determined that a lease liability
            has been extinguished in accordance with IFRS 9, the lessee is required to apply paragraph 3.3.3 of IFRS 9 and
            recognise any resulting gain or loss in profit or loss. In addition, the amendments have updated certain wording
            in paragraph 5.1.3 of IFRS 9 and Appendix A of IFRS 9 to remove potential confusion. Earlier application is
            permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


      •     IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements: The amendments clarify that the relationship described in paragraph
            B74 of IFRS 10 is just one example of various relationships that might exist between the investor and other parties
            acting as de facto agents of the investor, which removes the inconsistency with the requirement in paragraph
            B73 of IFRS 10. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact
            on the Group’s financial statements.


      •     IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows: The amendments replace the term “cost method” with “at cost” in paragraph
            37 of IAS 7 following the prior deletion of the definition of “cost method”. Earlier application is permitted. The
            amendments are not expected to have any impact on the Group’s financial statements.




                                                                                Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024    115
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.4 Material Accounting Policies

                  Fair value measurement


                  The Group measures its certain financial instruments and equity investments at fair value at the end of each reporting
                  period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
                  between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that
                  the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability,
                  or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or
                  the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured
                  using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market
                  participants act in their economic best interest.


                  A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate economic
                  benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the
                  asset in its highest and best use.


                  The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are
                  available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable
                  inputs.


                  All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised
                  within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                  measurement as a whole:


                  Level 1         —        based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities


                  Level 2         —        based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                                           measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly


                  Level 3         —        based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                                           measurement is unobservable

                  For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines
                  whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based on the lowest
                  level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.




116    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              31 December 2024




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

      Impairment of non-financial assets


      Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other than
      inventories, deferred tax assets and financial assets), the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s
      recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs of
      disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely
      independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for
      the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, a portion of the
      carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a headquarters building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if it
      can be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of cash-generating units.


      An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In assessing
      value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
      reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss
      is charged to profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the function of the
      impaired asset.


      An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously
      recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the recoverable
      amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there
      has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount
      higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no
      impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to profit
      or loss in the period in which it arises.




                                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024     117
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

                  Related parties


                  A party is considered to be related to the Group if:


                  (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person


                        (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;


                        (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or


                        (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;


                  or


                  (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:


                        (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group;


                        (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of
                                the other entity);


                        (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;


                        (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;


                        (v)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);


                        (vi)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management
                                personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and


                        (vii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to
                                the Group or to the parent of the Group.




118    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                31 December 2024




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

      Property, plant and equipment and depreciation


      Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation
      and any impairment losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any
      directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.


      Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs and
      maintenance, is normally charged to profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In situations where the recognition
      criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the carrying amount of the asset as a
      replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the
      Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.


      Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and equipment
      to its residual value over its estimated useful life. Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is calculated using the
      straight-line method to allocate their costs to their residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:


      Furniture and fixtures                                                                                                  3–5 years
      Equipments                                                                                                             3–10 years
      Machinery                                                                                                              5–10 years
      Buildings and building improvements                                                                               10–40 years
      Leasehold improvements                                         Over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life


      Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is allocated
      on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful lives and the
      depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.


      An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon disposal
      or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement
      recognised in profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference between the net sales proceeds and
      the carrying amount of the relevant asset.


      Construction in progress is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. It is reclassified to the
      appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.




                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024       119
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

                  Intangible assets (other than goodwill)


                  Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets acquired
                  in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed
                  to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over the useful economic
                  life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The
                  amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at
                  each financial year end.


                  Software


                  Purchased software is stated at cost less any impairment losses and is amortised on the straight-line basis over its
                  estimated useful life of 3 to 5 years.


                  Research and development costs


                  All research costs, except for those acquired in-process research and development (“IPR&D”), are charged to profit or
                  loss as incurred.


                  Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when the Group can
                  demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale, its
                  intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future economic benefits,
                  the availability of resources to complete the project and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the
                  development. Product development expenditure which does not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred.


                  Deferred development costs are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised using the straight-line
                  basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products, commencing from the date when the products are put into
                  commercial production.




120    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                             31 December 2024




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

      Intangible assets (other than goodwill) (continued)


      Acquired intangible assets (IPR&D and commercialised drugs)


      Intangible assets acquired separately are measured at cost upon initial recognition.


      Certain intangible assets are for acquired IPR&D (including rights to develop, manufacture and commercialise drug
      candidates and rights to use manufacturing know-how and technology), with non-refundable upfront payment,
      milestone payment and royalty payment. Upfront payment is capitalised when paid. Milestone payment is capitalised
      as an intangible asset when incurred if the payment is due upon a verifiable outcome, and is expensed if it is due for
      the execution of activities or is treated as research and development expenditure, following the policy, if the payment is
      due for outsourced research and development work. Royalty payment is accrued in line with the underlying sales and
      recognised as a cost of sales. IPR&D acquired is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and any
      impairment losses.


      (i)    IPR&D


             Intangible assets not ready for use are not amortised but are tested for impairment annually, either individually or
             at the cash-generating unit level. The impairment test compares the recoverable amount of the intangible asset to
             its carrying amount. The estimated life of an intangible asset not ready for use is reviewed annually to determine
             whether the life assessment continues to be supportable.


      (ii)   Commercialised drugs


             Intangible assets that are commercialised are subsequently amortised when ready for use over the estimated
             economic life and are assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be
             impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are
             reviewed at least at each financial year end.


             The Group amortises intangible assets with a limited useful life, commencing from the date when the product is
             put into commercial production, using the straight-line method over the following periods:


             Commercialised drugs                                     Over the shorter of estimated economic life and 10 years




                                                                                  Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024    121
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

                  Leases


                  The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a
                  lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
                  consideration.


                  Group as a lessee


                  The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and
                  leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets
                  representing the right to use the underlying assets.


                  (a)   Right-of-use assets


                        Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the underlying
                        asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and
                        any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets
                        includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or
                        before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Where applicable, the cost of a right-of-use
                        asset also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying
                        asset or the site on which it is located. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the
                        shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:


                        Leased equipment                                                                                          5 years
                        Leased properties                                                                                       3–6 years
                        Land use rights                                                                                          50 years




122    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          31 December 2024




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

      Leases (continued)


      Group as a lessee (continued)


      (b)   Lease liabilities


            Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease payments to
            be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments)
            less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts
            expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of
            a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for termination
            of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease
            payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the
            event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.


            In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the
            lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the
            commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced
            for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a
            modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future lease payments
            resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to purchase the underlying
            asset.


      (c)   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets


            The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of leased properties (that
            is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain
            a purchase option). It also applies the recognition exemption for leases of low-value assets to leases of office
            equipment that are considered to be of low value.


            Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as an expense on a straight-
            line basis over the lease term.




                                                                               Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   123
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

                  Investments and other financial assets


                  Initial recognition and measurement


                  Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, FVTOCI, and FVTPL.


                  The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
                  characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that
                  do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not
                  adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value
                  plus in the case of a financial asset not at FVTPL, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant
                  financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price
                  determined under IFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.


                  In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI, it needs to give rise to cash
                  flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets
                  with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at FVTPL, irrespective of the business model.


                  The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to
                  generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash
                  flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are held within
                  a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial
                  assets classified and measured at FVTOCI are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect
                  contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business models are
                  classified and measured at FVTPL.


                  Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation
                  or convention in the marketplace are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the Group commits to
                  purchase or sell the asset.




124    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            31 December 2024




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

      Investments and other financial assets (continued)


      Subsequent measurement


      The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:


      Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)


      Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are subject to
      impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.


      Financial assets designated at FVTOCI (equity investments)


      Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity investments
      designated at FVTOCI when they meet the definition of equity under IAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are
      not held for trading. The classification is determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis.


      Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to profit or loss. Dividends are recognised as other
      income in profit or loss when the right of payment has been established, except when the Group benefits from such
      proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in which case, such gains are recorded in other
      comprehensive income. Equity investments designated at FVTOCI are not subject to impairment assessment.


      Financial assets at FVTPL


      Financial assets at FVTPL are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value with net changes in fair value
      recognised in profit or loss.


      This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to
      classify at FVTOCI. Dividends on the equity investments are also recognised as other income in profit or loss when the
      right of payment has been established.




                                                                                 Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   125
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

                  Investments and other financial assets (continued)


                  A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated from the host
                  and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to the host;
                  a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition of a derivative; and
                  the hybrid contract is not measured at FVTPL. Embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair
                  value recognised in profit or loss. Reassessment occurs if there is a change in the terms of the contract that significantly
                  modifies the cash flows.


                  A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for separately. The
                  financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in its entirety as a financial asset
                  at FVTPL.


                  Derecognition of financial assets


                  A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily
                  derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:


                  •     the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or


                  •     the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the
                        received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either
                        (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither
                        transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the
                        asset.




126    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              31 December 2024




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

      Impairment of financial assets


      The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at FVTPL.
      ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the
      cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate.
      The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are
      integral to the contractual terms.


      General approach


      ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit
      risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within
      the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in
      credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the
      exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).


      At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly
      since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the
      financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date
      of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort,
      including historical and forward-looking information. The Group considers that there has been a significant increase in
      credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due.


      The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days’ past due. However, in certain
      cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates
      that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit
      enhancements held by the Group.


      A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.




                                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024     127
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

                  Impairment of financial assets (continued)


                  Financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within
                  the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables which apply the simplified approach as
                  detailed below.


                  Stage 1           —     Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition
                                          and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs


                  Stage 2           —     Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but
                                          that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an
                                          amount equal to lifetime ECLs


                  Stage 3           —     Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or
                                          originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                                          lifetime ECLs

                  Simplified approach


                  For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group applies the practical
                  expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies the simplified approach
                  in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead
                  recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision
                  matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors
                  and the economic environment.




128    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              31 December 2024




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

      Financial liabilities


      Initial recognition and measurement


      Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at FVTPL, borrowings, payables, or as
      derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate.


      All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of borrowings and payables, net of directly
      attributable transaction costs.


      The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, borrowings and financial instruments issued to
      investors.


      Subsequent measurement


      The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:


      Financial liabilities at FVTPL


      Financial liabilities at FVTPL include convertible redeemable preferred shares which are designated upon initial
      recognition as at FVTPL.


      Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at FVTPL are designated at the initial date of recognition, and
      only if the criteria in IFRS 9 are satisfied. Gains or losses on liabilities designated at FVTPL are recognised in profit or
      loss, except for the gains or losses arising from the Group’s own credit risk which are presented in other comprehensive
      income with no subsequent reclassification to profit or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognised in profit or loss
      does not include any interest charged on these financial liabilities.




                                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024     129
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

                  Financial liabilities (continued)


                  Financial liabilities at amortised cost (trade and other payables, and borrowings)


                  After initial recognition, trade and other payables, and interest-bearing borrowings are subsequently measured at
                  amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which
                  case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as
                  well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.


                  Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are
                  an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance income — net
                  in profit or loss.


                  Derecognition of financial liabilities


                  A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.


                  When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the
                  terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition
                  of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is
                  recognised in profit or loss.


                  Offsetting of financial instruments


                  Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial position if
                  there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net
                  basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.




130    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                31 December 2024




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

      Treasury shares


      Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (treasury shares) are recognised
      directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the
      Group’s own equity instruments.


      Inventories


      Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the specific identification
      method and, in the case of finished goods, comprises direct materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion
      of overheads. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be incurred to
      completion and disposal.


      Cash and cash equivalents


      Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at banks, and short-
      term highly liquid investments with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily convertible into known
      amounts of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and held for the purpose of meeting short-term
      cash commitments.


      For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and
      at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an
      integral part of the Group’s cash management.


      Provisions


      A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past event and it is
      probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that a reliable estimate can
      be made of the amount of the obligation.




                                                                                    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024      131
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

                  Income tax


                  Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is
                  recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.


                  Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation
                  authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
                  reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in which the Group
                  operates.


                  Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting period
                  between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.


                  Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:


                  •     when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction
                        that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor
                        taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences; and


                  •     in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, when the timing of the
                        reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not
                        reverse in the foreseeable future.


                  Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits
                  and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be
                  available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused
                  tax losses can be utilised, except:


                  •     when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial recognition of
                        an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects
                        neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible
                        temporary differences; and


                  •     in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, deferred tax assets
                        are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable
                        future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.




132    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                 31 December 2024




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

      Income tax (continued)


      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent
      that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to
      be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised
      to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred
      tax asset to be recovered.


      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset
      is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by
      the end of the reporting period.


      Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off
      current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes
      levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either
      to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously,
      in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or
      recovered.


      Government grants


      Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received
      and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income
      on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.


      Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and is released to profit
      or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal annual instalments or deducted from the carrying
      amount of the asset and released to profit or loss by way of a reduced depreciation charge.




                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024      133
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

                  Revenue recognition


                  Revenue from contracts with customers


                  Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the customers
                  at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or
                  services.


                  When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to which
                  the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The variable consideration
                  is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the
                  amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration
                  is subsequently resolved.


                  When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of financing
                  the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the present value of
                  the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction
                  between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a financing component which
                  provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year, revenue recognised under the contract
                  includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. For a contract
                  where the period between the payment by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year
                  or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical
                  expedient in IFRS 15.




134    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            31 December 2024




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

      Revenue recognition (continued)


      Sale of pharmaceutical products


      Revenue from the sale of pharmaceutical products is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is
      transferred to the customer, generally on acceptance by the customer.


      Some contracts provide customers with a right of profit compensation, giving rise to variable consideration subject
      to constraint. Profit compensation is offset against amounts payable by the customer arising from the customer’s
      purchases or are provided in the form of products. The most likely amount method is used to estimate the variable
      consideration. The selected method that best predicts the amount of variable consideration is primarily driven by the
      thresholds contained in the contract.


      Other income


      Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that exactly
      discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period, when
      appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.




                                                                                 Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   135
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

                  Share-based payments


                  The Company operates multiple share incentive plans. Employees (including directors) of the Group receive
                  remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services in exchange for equity
                  instruments (“equity-settled transactions”). The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees is measured by
                  reference to the fair value at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined using the market approach
                  or by an external valuer using binomial model or Monte Carlo Simulation model, further details of which are given in note
                  30 to the financial statements.


                  The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in employee benefit expenses, together with a corresponding
                  increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled. The cumulative
                  expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting period until the vesting date reflects
                  the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments
                  that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to profit or loss for a period represents the movement in the cumulative
                  expense recognised as at the beginning and end of that period.


                  Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date fair
                  value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s best estimate of the
                  number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions are reflected within the grant date
                  fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but without an associated service requirement, are considered to
                  be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to an immediate
                  expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or performance conditions.


                  For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have not been met,
                  no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the transactions are treated as
                  vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance and/
                  or service conditions are satisfied.




136    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              31 December 2024




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

      Share-based payments (continued)


      Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as if the terms had
      not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense is recognised for any modification
      that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is otherwise beneficial to the employee as measured
      at the date of modification. Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of
      cancellation, and any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised immediately.


      Other employee benefits


      Pension scheme


      The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China are required to participate in a central
      pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. These subsidiaries are required to contribute certain
      percentage of their payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as they
      become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.


      There is no forfeited contribution for the defined contribution plans as the contributions are fully vested to the employees
      upon payment.


      Housing fund — Mainland China


      The Group contributes on a monthly basis to a defined contribution housing fund plan operated by the local municipal
      government. Contributions to this plan by the Group are expensed as incurred.


      Borrowing costs


      All borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.




                                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024    137
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

                  Foreign currencies


                  These financial statements are presented in RMB, which is different from the Company’s functional currency, United
                  States dollar. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial
                  statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the
                  entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the
                  transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency
                  rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary
                  items are recognised in profit or loss.


                  Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
                  exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency
                  are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss arising on
                  translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on
                  change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other
                  comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).


                  In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the derecognition of
                  a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date of initial transaction is the
                  date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from the advance
                  consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each
                  payment or receipt of the advance consideration.


                  The functional currencies of the Company and certain overseas subsidiaries are currencies other than RMB. As at the
                  end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates
                  prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income are
                  translated into RMB at the exchange rates that approximate to those prevailing at the dates of the transactions.




138    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                 31 December 2024




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.4 Material Accounting Policies (continued)

        Foreign currencies (continued)


        The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the exchange
        reserve, except to the extent that the differences are attributable to non-controlling interests. On disposal of a foreign
        operation, the cumulative amount in the reserve relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit or
        loss.


        For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries and the Company
        are translated into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash flows of
        overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange rates
        for the year.


3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

  The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions
  that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures, and the
  disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could
  require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.


  Judgements

  Deferred tax assets


  Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available
  against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred
  tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits, together with future tax
  planning strategies.


  The Group has tax losses carried forward. These losses related to subsidiaries that have a history of losses, have not expired,
  and may not be used to offset taxable income elsewhere in the Group. The subsidiaries have no taxable temporary difference
  that could partly support the recognition of these losses as deferred tax assets. On this basis, the Group has determined that
  it cannot recognise deferred tax assets on the tax losses carried forward. Further details on deferred taxes are disclosed in
  note 27 to the financial statements.




                                                                                      Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   139
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           Estimation uncertainty

           The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period,
           that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next
           financial year, are described below.


           Impairment of non-financial assets (other than IPR&D)


           The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets (including the right-of-use
           assets) at the end of each reporting period. Indefinite life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually and at other
           times when such an indicator exists. Other non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the
           carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or a cash-generating unit
           exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The calculation
           of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data from binding sales transactions in an arm’s length transaction
           of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing of the asset. When value in use calculations
           are undertaken, management must estimate the expected future cash flows from the asset or cash-generating unit and
           choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows.


           Impairment of IPR&D


           Intangible assets not ready for use are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if
           events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. The impairment assessment requires an estimation
           of the value in use of the CGU to which the IPR&D is related. Estimating the value in use requires the Group to estimate the
           expected future cash flows from the CGU with the key assumptions including the expected achievement of development
           milestones, forecasted revenue growth rate and also the selection of a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present
           value of those cash flows. Further details are given in note 17 to the financial statements.




140    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                 31 December 2024




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

  Estimation uncertainty (continued)

  Fair value of share-based payment transactions


  The Group has granted share options and restricted share units to the Group’s employees. Share-based payment
  transactions in relation to the restricted share units (except those with market vesting condition) are measured based on
  the fair value of the Company’s ordinary shares at the grant date of the award. The Company used the binominal model or
  Monte Carlo Simulation model to determine the fair value of the share options and restricted share units with market vesting
  condition at the grant date. The determination of the fair value is affected by the fair value of the ordinary shares as well as
  assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. The assumptions and models used for estimating the
  fair value of share-based payment transactions are disclosed in note 30 to the financial statements.


  Fair value of financial instruments issued to investors


  The financial instruments issued by EverNov are convertible redeemable preferred shares which are not traded in an active
  market. The fair value of the convertible redeemable preferred shares measured at FVTPL is determined using valuation
  techniques, including the discounted cash flow method. Such valuation requires the Group to estimate the key assumptions
  including the discount rate, risk-free interest rate and volatility, which are subject to uncertainty. Further details are disclosed
  in note 26 to the financial statements.


  Fair value of financial assets at FVTPL


  The fair value of financial assets at FVTPL that are not traded in an active market is determined using valuation techniques,
  including the back-solve method, calibration method and option pricing model. Such valuation requires the Group to estimate
  the key assumptions including the risk-free interest rate and volatility, which are subject to uncertainty. Further details are
  disclosed in note 18 to the financial statements.




                                                                                      Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024     141
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

           The Company operates in one segment: pharmaceutical products. Its chief operating decision maker is the chief executive
           officer, who makes operating decisions, assesses performance, and allocates resources on a consolidated basis.


           Geographical information

           Since over 95% of the Group’s revenue and operating profit were generated from the sale of pharmaceutical products in
           Mainland China and most of the Group’s identifiable operating assets were located in Mainland China, no geographical
           segment information in accordance with IFRS 8 Operating Segments is presented.


           Information about a major customer

           Revenue of approximately RMB696,524 thousand (2023: RMB92,095 thousand) was derived from the sale of the
           pharmaceutical products to a single customer.




142    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                               31 December 2024




5. REVENUE

  An analysis of revenue is as follows:


                                                                                                    2024                    2023
                                                                                                RMB’000                 RMB’000


   Revenue from contracts with customers                                                         706,678                 125,932


  Revenue from contracts with customers

  (a)   Disaggregated revenue information


                                                                                                    2024                    2023
                                                                                                RMB’000                 RMB’000


          Types of goods
          Sale of pharmaceutical products                                                        706,678                 125,932



          Timing of revenue recognition
          Goods transferred at a point in time                                                   706,678                 125,932


        Over 95% of the Group’s revenue were generated from the sale of pharmaceutical products in Mainland China.


  (b)   Performance obligations


        Sale of pharmaceutical products


        The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the pharmaceutical products and customer acceptance and
        payment is generally due within 60 to 90 days upon the issuance of invoice. Some contracts provide customers with a
        right of profit compensation which give rise to variable consideration subject to constraint.




                                                                                    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   143
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      6. OTHER INCOME — NET

                                                                                                                                      2024                           2023
                                                                                                                                RMB’000                        RMB’000


             Income from provision of services (a)                                                                                          –                     40,992
             Cost of other income (a)                                                                                                       –                    (40,992)
             Government grants                                                                                                      15,395                        10,816
             Others                                                                                                                         –                       2,359


             Total                                                                                                                  15,395                        13,175


           (a)    The Group provided services in the field of clinical development and commercialisation related to Immunomedics after the completion of the disposal of
                  IMMU 132 (Sacituzumab Govitecan) to Immunomedics. The transaction prices were determined based on the actual costs incurred. Such income was
                  recognised over time when services were performed and is presented net of related costs in other income. The services were completed in 2023.



      7. OTHER LOSSES — NET

                                                                                                     Notes                            2024                           2023
                                                                                                                                RMB’000                        RMB’000


             Impairment of intangible assets                                                           17                        (356,340)                       (51,968)
             Impairment of inventories                                                                                               (2,007)                              –
             Impairment of trade receivables                                                           21                              (219)                              –
             Net foreign exchange gains/(losses)                                                                                    19,508                       (28,074)
             Donations (a)                                                                                                         (35,024)                      (15,765)
             Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                         15                                   –                         (973)
             Loss on disposal of right-of-use assets                                                   16                                   –                         (457)
             Others                                                                                                                     942                        (3,566)


             Total                                                                                                               (373,140)                      (100,803)


           (a)    Donations represented the contributions made by the Group to several charity organizations in relation to the charity’s patient assistance program and other
                  public welfare donation programs.




144    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         31 December 2024




8. LOSS BEFORE TAX

  The Group’s loss before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                              2024                    2023
                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000


   Cost of inventories sold                                                               179,794                   34,414
   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                            51,146                  46,422
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                      18,454                  17,390
   Amortisation of intangible assets                                                        64,018                  13,154
   Impairment of trade receivables                                                             219                        –
   Impairment of inventories                                                                 2,007                        –
   Impairment of intangible assets                                                        356,340                   51,968
   Fair value change in financial assets at FVTPL                                                 7                    (848)
   Fair value change in financial instruments issued to investors                           (2,652)                  (2,819)
   Auditor’s remuneration                                                                    3,507                    4,280
   Employee benefit expenses (including directors’ remuneration
      as set out in note 10):
      Salaries and other benefits                                                         439,909                  360,582
      Pension scheme contributions, social welfare and other welfare                        55,636                  40,882
      Share-based compensation                                                              91,098                  73,420
   Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                       1,212                    1,226
   Bank interest income                                                                    (95,184)               (107,546)
   Net foreign exchange (gains)/losses                                                     (19,508)                 28,074
   Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                              –                     973
   Loss on disposal of right-of-use assets                                                        –                     457




                                                                              Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   145
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      9. FINANCE INCOME — NET

                                                                                                                                          2024                           2023
                                                                                                                                    RMB’000                         RMB’000


             Bank interest income                                                                                                      95,184                        107,546
             Interest income on sublease                                                                                                       –                             92
             Interest income from loan to a director (note 35(a))                                                                             29                             29
             Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                                                                     (2,493)                         (3,225)
             Interest expenses on bank borrowings                                                                                      (19,696)                         (8,463)
             Interest expenses on borrowings from Jiashan Shanhe (a)                                                                           –                      (11,371)


             Total                                                                                                                     73,024                          84,608


           (a)    On 17 March 2020, the Company entered into an investment agreement and a supplemental agreement with Jiashan Shanhe Equity Investment Company
                  (“Jiashan Shanhe”), pursuant to which Jiashan Shanhe subscribed 37% of equity interest in Everest China. In addition, the Company transferred all its equity
                  interests in Everest Medicines (Suzhou) Inc., EverID Medicines (Beijing) Limited and Everstart Medicines (Shanghai) Limited to Everest China.


                  According to the supplemental agreement, right starting in the fourth year of the date of Jiashan Shanhe’s capital contribution, Jiashan Shanhe has the right
                  to require the Company, Everest China or parties designated by the Company to redeem all of its investment in Everest China with the redemption price of
                  original investment amount plus a return at 8% simple rate per annum. At the same time, the Company has a call option to repurchase Jiashan Shanhe’s
                  investment in Everest China at the same time with the same repurchase amount. Furthermore, Jiashan Shanhe was not entitled to the right to appoint board
                  of directors, voting right in a shareholders’ meeting and dividend right but only retained the information right and right to appoint an observer to attend board
                  meetings. Therefore the Company classified the investment from Jiashan as borrowings which are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
                  effective interest rate method.


                  In June 2023, it was agreed that the Company repurchased all equity interests held by Jiashan Shanhe at the cash consideration of RMB442.9 million,
                  representing the original investment amount made by Jiashan Shanhe plus agreed interests. Upon the completion of this transaction, the Company
                  derecognised the borrowings from Jiashan Shanhe and Everest China became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.




146    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                31 December 2024




10. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION

   Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c)
   and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of
   Directors) Regulation, is as follows:


                                                                                                     2024                    2023
                                                                                                RMB’000                  RMB’000


    Fees                                                                                            1,077                    1,056


    Other emoluments:
       Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                   12,631                  14,303
       Performance related bonuses                                                                 32,274                    9,114
       Share-based payment expenses                                                                26,332                  17,668
       Pension scheme contributions                                                                   220                      208


       Subtotal                                                                                    71,457                  41,293


    Total                                                                                          72,534                  42,349


   During the year and in prior years, certain directors were granted share options and restricted share units, in respect of his
   services to the Group, under the share incentive plans of the Company, further details of which are set out in note 30 to the
   financial statements. The fair values of such share options and restricted share units, which have been recognised in profit or
   loss over the vesting period, were determined as at the date of grant and the amount included in the financial statements for
   the current year is included in the above directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration disclosures.




                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   147
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      10. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (CONTINUED)

           (a)    Independent non-executive directors

                  The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:


                                                                                                          2024                 2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


                   Mr. Shidong Jiang                                                                       359                  352
                   Mr. Yifan Li                                                                            359                  352
                   Ms. Hoi Yam Chui                                                                        359                  352
                   Mr. Bo Tan                                                                                 –                    –


                                                                                                          1,077               1,056


                  There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year. During the year
                  ended 31 December 2023, share-based payment expenses of RMB49 thousand and RMB49 thousand related to the
                  share options granted to Mr. Shidong Jiang and Mr. Yifan Li, respectively, were charged to profit or loss and share-
                  based payment expense of RMB147 thousand was credited to profit or loss due to the resignation of Mr. Bo Tan as
                  independent non-executive director in January 2023.


                  Ms. Hoi Yam Chui was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Group with effect from 19 January
                  2023.




148    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   31 December 2024




10. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (CONTINUED)

   (b)   Executive directors, non-executive directors and the chief executive

                                                                  Salaries,
                                                                allowances    Performance    Share-based        Pension
                                                               and benefits        related      payment         scheme
                                                        Fees        in kind      bonuses       expenses    contributions        Total
                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


          2024


          Executive directors and chief executive:
            Mr. Ian Ying Woo                               –         5,431          9,466         10,023            149        25,069
            Mr. Yongqing Luo (i)                           –         7,200         22,808         16,309             71        46,388
            Mr. Wei Fu                                     –             –              –              –              –             –


            Subtotal                                       –        12,631         32,274         26,332            220        71,457


          Non-executive directors:
            Mr. Yubo Gong (iii)                            –             –              –              –              –             –
            Ms. Lan Kang (iv)                              –             –              –              –              –             –
            Mr. William Ki Chul Cho (v)                    –             –              –              –              –             –
            Mr. Honggang Feng (vi)                         –             –              –              –              –             –


            Subtotal                                       –             –              –              –              –             –


          Total                                            –        12,631         32,274         26,332            220        71,457




                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   149
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      10. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (CONTINUED)

           (b)    Executive directors, non-executive directors and the chief executive (continued)

                                                                           Salaries,
                                                                         allowances    Performance    Share-based        Pension
                                                                        and benefits        related      payment          scheme
                                                                 Fees        in kind      bonuses       expenses     contributions      Total
                                                              RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


                   2023


                   Executive directors and chief executive:
                     Mr. Ian Ying Woo                               –         5,695          5,514          7,115             140     18,464
                     Mr. Xiaofan Zhang (ii)                         –         1,280              –         (9,124)              –      (7,844)
                     Mr. Yongqing Luo (i)                           –         7,328          3,600        19,726               68     30,722
                     Mr. Wei Fu                                     –             –              –              –               –           –


                     Subtotal                                       –        14,303          9,114        17,717              208     41,342


                   Non-executive directors:
                     Mr. Yubo Gong (iii)                            –             –              –              –               –           –
                     Ms. Lan Kang (iv)                              –             –              –              –               –           –


                      Subtotal                                      –             –              –              –               –           –


                   Total                                            –        14,303          9,114        17,717              208     41,342




150    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                       31 December 2024




10. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (CONTINUED)

   (b)   Executive directors, non-executive directors and the chief executive (continued)

         Notes:


         (i)      Mr. Yongqing Luo was appointed as an executive director and the chief executive officer of the Group on 19 September 2022 and his remuneration
                  disclosed above included the remuneration for the services rendered by him as the chief executive.


         (ii)     Mr. Xiaofan Zhang resigned as an executive director with effect from 31 March 2023. The unvested portion of share-based payment expenses were
                  reversed accordingly.


         (iii)    Mr. Yubo Gong resigned as a non- executive director with effect from 9 February 2024.


         (iv)     Ms. Lan Kang resigned as a non-executive director with effect from 12 January 2024.


         (v)      Mr. William Ki Chul Cho was appointed as a non-executive director with effect from 12 January 2024.


         (vi)     Mr. Honggang Feng was appointed as a non-executive director with effect from 9 February 2024.


         There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any remuneration
         during the year.


11. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

   The five highest paid employees during the year included two directors, one of which is also the chief executive (2023: two
   directors including the chief executive), details of whose remuneration are set out in note 10 above. Details of the remuneration
   for the year of the remaining three (2023: three) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the
   Company are as follows:


                                                                                                                           2024                        2023
                                                                                                                        RMB’000                   RMB’000


    Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                                            14,817                      10,812
    Performance related bonuses                                                                                           8,280                       4,672
    Share-based payment expenses                                                                                         12,951                      12,164
    Pension scheme contributions                                                                                            307                          239


                                                                                                                         36,355                      27,887




                                                                                                          Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024           151
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      11. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (CONTINUED)

           The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following
           bands is as follows:


                                                                                                          2024                    2023


             HKD8,000,001 to HKD8,500,000                                                                     –                       1
             HKD9,500,001 to HKD10,000,000                                                                    –                       1
             HKD10,500,001 to HKD11,000,000                                                                   1                       –
             HKD12,500,001 to HKD13,000,000                                                                   –                       1
             HKD13,500,001 to HKD14,000,000                                                                   1                       –
             HKD15,000,001 to HKD15,500,000                                                                   1                       –


                                                                                                              3                       3


           During the year and in prior years, share options and restricted share units were granted to these non-director and non-chief
           executive highest paid employees in respect of their services to the Group, further details of which are included in note 30
           to the financial statements. The fair values of such share options and restricted share units, which have been recognised in
           the profit or loss over the vesting period, were determined as at the date of grant and the amounts included in the financial
           statements for the current year are included in the above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’
           remuneration disclosures.


      12. INCOME TAX

           The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profits arising in or derived from the jurisdictions in which members
           of the Group are domiciled and operate.


           Cayman Islands

           Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands, the Company and the subsidiaries incorporated in the Cayman Islands are not
           subject to tax on income or capital gains.


           Hong Kong

           The Group’s subsidiaries in Hong Kong are subject to Hong Kong profits tax at a rate of 16.5%. No Hong Kong profits tax
           was provided for as the Group did not generate any assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during the years ended 31
           December 2024 and 2023.




152    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                 31 December 2024




12. INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

   United States of America

   Entities in the State of New York are subject to Federal Tax at a rate of 21% and State of New York Profits Tax at a rate of 6.5%.
   Operations in the United States of America have incurred net accumulated operating losses for income tax purposes and no
   income tax provisions were recorded during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.


   Singapore

   The Group’s subsidiary in Singapore is subject to Singapore profits tax at the rate of 17%. On 24 August 2022, the Group’s
   subsidiary in Singapore was granted a Development and Expansion Incentive under the International Headquarters Award,
   with a concessionary tax rate of 10% from 1 September 2022 to 31 August 2027. The Group’s subsidiary in Singapore had
   no taxable income during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.


   Korea

   The Group’s subsidiary in Korea is subject to Korea profits tax at a rate of 10%. No Korea profits tax was provided for as the
   Group did not generate any assessable profits arising in Korea during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.


   Mainland China

   Pursuant to the Corporate Income Tax Law of the PRC and the respective regulations (the “CIT Law”), the subsidiaries which
   operate in Mainland China are subject to CIT at a rate of 25% on the taxable income.


   Pillar Two income taxes

   The Group is out of the scope of the Pillar Two model rules because the revenue for the year ended 31 December 2024
   didn’t exceed EUR750 million. The Group continues to closely monitor Pillar Two legislative developments, as more countries
   prepare to enact the Pillar Two model rules, to evaluate the potential future impact on its financial statements.




                                                                                      Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024    153
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      12. INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

           Pillar Two income taxes (continued)

           The income tax expense of the Group for the year is analysed as follows:


                                                                                                          2024                    2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000


             Current                                                                                          –                       –
             Deferred (note 27)                                                                               –                       –


             Total                                                                                            –                       –


           A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to loss before tax at the statutory tax rate for the jurisdictions in which the
           Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled and/or operate to the tax expense at the effective tax rates are as
           follows:


                                                                                                          2024                    2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000


             Loss before tax                                                                         (1,041,375)              (844,463)



             Tax at the statutory tax rate (25%)                                                       (260,344)              (211,116)
             Difference in overseas tax rates                                                          142,573                  64,075
             Tax losses not recognised as deferred tax assets                                          100,106                 163,628
             Deductible temporary differences not recognised as deferred tax assets                       1,316                  3,263
             Super deduction in respect of research and development expenditures                        (12,541)               (39,286)
             Expenses not deductible for income tax purposes                                            42,967                  30,766
             Previously unrecognised tax losses now recouped to reduce current
               tax expense                                                                              (14,077)               (11,330)


             Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                                                         –                       –




154    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                               31 December 2024




13. DIVIDENDS

   No dividend has been paid or declared by the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: Nil).


14. LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF
    THE PARENT

   The calculation of the basic loss per share amount is based on the loss for the year attributable to ordinary equity holders of
   the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue.


   No adjustment has been made to the basic loss per share amounts presented for the years ended 31 December 2024 and
   2023 in respect of a dilution as the impact of the share options and restricted share units had an anti-dilutive effect on the
   basic loss per share amounts presented.


   The calculations of basic and diluted loss per share are based on:


                                                                                                    2024                    2023


    Loss
    Loss attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent for the purpose
      of calculating basic and diluted loss per share (RMB’000)                               (1,041,375)               (844,463)



    Shares
    Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year
      used in the basic and diluted loss per share calculation                              320,917,606             313,062,809



    Loss per share (basic and diluted) (RMB per share)                                              (3.24)                  (2.70)




                                                                                    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   155
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                        Buildings and
                                                              Furniture       Leasehold                      building    Construction
                                            Equipment       and fixtures   improvements    Machinery    improvements      in progress       Total
                                              RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


             31 December 2024


             At 1 January 2024
               Cost                             77,153            9,704          46,903       80,458         437,869           9,790      661,877
               Accumulated depreciation         (15,198)         (4,527)        (15,914)      (8,812)         (16,651)              –     (61,102)


               Net carrying amount              61,955            5,177          30,989       71,646         421,218           9,790      600,775


             At 1 January 2024, net of
               accumulated depreciation         61,955            5,177          30,989       71,646         421,218           9,790      600,775
             Additions                           3,910              327           1,264        7,611           1,824          11,532       26,468
             Transfer                                   –             –               –            –          21,322          (21,322)          –
             Depreciation provided during
               the year                         (12,598)         (2,183)         (9,826)     (10,473)         (16,066)              –     (51,146)
             Exchange realignment                       –             –               3            –                –               –           3


             At 31 December 2024, net of
               accumulated depreciation         53,267            3,321          22,430       68,784         428,298                –     576,100


             At 31 December 2024
             Cost                               81,063           10,031          48,170       88,069         461,015                –     688,348
             Accumulated depreciation           (27,796)         (6,710)        (25,740)     (19,285)         (32,717)              –    (112,248)


             Net carrying amount                53,267            3,321          22,430       68,784         428,298                –     576,100




156    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                  31 December 2024




15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
                                                                                           Buildings and
                                                 Furniture       Leasehold                      building   Construction
                                  Equipment    and fixtures   improvements    Machinery    improvements     in progress       Total
                                   RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


   31 December 2023

   At 1 January 2023
     Cost                            54,672         7,905          44,767       22,079         378,281          45,753     553,457
     Accumulated depreciation        (3,368)        (1,829)         (9,500)        (230)         (1,213)             –      (16,140)


     Net carrying amount             51,304         6,076          35,267       21,849         377,068          45,753     537,317


   At 1 January 2023, net of
     accumulated depreciation        51,304         6,076          35,267       21,849         377,068          45,753     537,317
   Additions                         22,527         1,801                –            –               –         86,585     110,913
   Disposals                            (33)             –          (1,004)           –               –              –       (1,037)
   Transfer                               –              –           4,581      58,379           59,588       (122,548)           –
   Depreciation provided during
     the year                       (11,843)        (2,700)         (7,859)      (8,582)        (15,438)             –      (46,422)
   Exchange realignment                   –              –               4            –               –              –            4


   At 31 December 2023, net of
     accumulated depreciation        61,955         5,177          30,989       71,646         421,218           9,790     600,775


   At 31 December 2023
   Cost                              77,153         9,704          46,903       80,458         437,869           9,790     661,877
   Accumulated depreciation         (15,198)        (4,527)        (15,914)      (8,812)        (16,651)             –      (61,102)


   Net carrying amount               61,955         5,177          30,989       71,646         421,218           9,790     600,775




                                                                                    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024     157
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      16. LEASES

           The Group as a lessee

           The Group has lease contracts for various items of properties and equipment used in its operations. Lump sum payments
           were made upfront to acquire the land use right with lease periods of 50 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under
           the terms of such land use right. Leases of properties generally have lease terms between 3 and 6 years, while equipment
           generally have lease terms of 5 years.


           (a)    Right-of-use assets


                  The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                         Leased           Leased              Land
                                                                     equipment         properties         use right              Total
                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000


                   As at 1 January 2024                                      369           49,688           33,155              83,212
                   Additions                                                   –            3,073                 –              3,073
                   Lease modification                                          –            6,105                 –              6,105
                   Depreciation charge                                      (133)         (17,613)             (708)           (18,454)
                   Exchange realignment                                        –                 8                –                  8


                   As at 31 December 2024                                    236           41,261           32,447              73,944


                                                                         Leased            Leased              Land
                                                                      equipment         properties         use right             Total
                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000


                   As at 1 January 2023                                      529           72,147           33,863             106,539
                   Additions                                                   –           10,411                 –             10,411
                   Disposal                                                    –          (16,385)                –            (16,385)
                   Depreciation charge                                      (160)         (16,522)             (708)           (17,390)
                   Exchange realignment                                        –               37                 –                37


                   As at 31 December 2023                                    369           49,688           33,155              83,212




158    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   31 December 2024




16. LEASES (CONTINUED)
   (b)   Lease liabilities

         The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                                                       2024                    2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000

          Carrying amount at 1 January                                                                58,648                  79,634
          New leases                                                                                       3,073              10,411
          Accretion of interest recognised during the year                                                 2,493                3,225
          Payments                                                                                    (20,782)                (20,269)
          Lease modification                                                                               6,105                    –
          Disposal                                                                                             –              (16,385)
          Exchange realignment                                                                               11                 2,032


          Carrying amount at 31 December                                                              49,548                  58,648


          Analysed into:
             Current portion                                                                          18,783                  18,652
             Non-current portion                                                                      30,765                  39,996


          Repayable:
             Within 1 year                                                                            18,783                  18,652
             Between 1 and 2 years                                                                    17,283                  19,129
             Between 2 and 5 years                                                                    13,482                  20,867


          Total                                                                                       49,548                  58,648


         The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 38 to the financial statements.


   (c)   The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:


                                                                                                       2024                    2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000

          Interest on lease liabilities                                                                    2,493                3,225
          Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                                  18,454                  17,390
          Expense relating to leases of short-term and low-value assets                                    1,212                1,226


          Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                                   22,159                  21,841


                                                                                        Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   159
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                      Commercialised
                                                           IPR&D               drugs    Software        Total
                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000


             31 December 2024


             At 1 January 2024:
               Cost                                      2,342,983           180,707      16,093    2,539,783
               Accumulated amortisation and impairment           –            (9,128)     (6,939)     (16,067)


               Net carrying amount                       2,342,983           171,579       9,154    2,523,716



             Cost at 1 January 2024,
               net of accumulated amortisation           2,342,983           171,579       9,154    2,523,716
             Additions                                    100,638             14,377       1,774     116,789
             Commercialisation                            (606,519)          606,519           –            –
             Amortisation provided during the year               –           (59,022)     (4,996)     (64,018)
             Impairment during the year                   (356,340)                –           –     (356,340)
             Exchange realignment                          24,921              9,326           –      34,247


             At 31 December 2024                         1,505,683           742,779       5,932    2,254,394



             At 31 December 2024
               Cost                                      1,862,023           810,929      17,867    2,690,819
               Accumulated amortisation and impairment    (356,340)          (68,150)    (11,935)    (436,425)


               Net carrying amount                       1,505,683           742,779       5,932    2,254,394




160    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                  31 December 2024




17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

                                                            Commercialised
                                                  IPR&D              drugs           Software                Total
                                               RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000


   31 December 2023


   At 1 January 2023:
     Cost                                      2,373,703                 –              7,687           2,381,390
     Accumulated amortisation and impairment           –                 –              (2,913)             (2,913)


     Net carrying amount                       2,373,703                 –              4,774           2,378,477



   Cost at 1 January 2023,
     net of accumulated amortisation           2,373,703                 –              4,774           2,378,477
   Additions                                    162,074                  –              8,406             170,480
   Commercialisation                            (179,691)         179,691                    –                   –
   Amortisation provided during the year               –            (9,128)             (4,026)            (13,154)
   Impairment during the year                    (51,968)                –                   –             (51,968)
   Exchange realignment                          38,865             1,016                    –             39,881


   At 31 December 2023                         2,342,983          171,579               9,154           2,523,716



   At 31 December 2023
     Cost                                      2,342,983          180,707              16,093           2,539,783
     Accumulated amortisation and impairment           –            (9,128)             (6,939)            (16,067)


     Net carrying amount                       2,342,983          171,579               9,154           2,523,716




                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   161
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

           (a)    Collaboration and license agreement with Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Arena”) and United
                  Therapeutics

                  In December 2017, the Group entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Arena (subsequently acquired
                  by Pfizer Inc. in 2022) regarding the development and commercialisation of its proprietary products Ralinepag and
                  Etrasimod, in the territories of Mainland China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau and South Korea. In January 2019, the
                  Group and Arena entered into two separate agreements which superseded the previous agreement, one relating to
                  Ralinepag and the other to Etrasimod.


                  Etrasimod


                  From 2017 to 2023, the Group made an upfront payment and multiple milestone payments to Arena of USD14.0 million
                  (equivalent to RMB93.4 million) in aggregate and these payments were capitalised.


                  The first approval by a regulatory authority of a marketing authorisation application for Etrasimod was achieved in 2024,
                  and in December 2024, the Group made a milestone payment of USD10.0 million (equivalent to RMB71.2 million) and
                  the payment was capitalised.


                  Ralinepag


                  In January 2019, Arena assigned all of its rights and obligations with respect to the Ralinepag program under the
                  agreement to United Therapeutics. The Group agreed to make development and regulatory milestone payments and
                  commercial milestone payments, as well as tiered royalties on net sales to United Therapeutics.


                  From 2017 to 2023, the Group made an upfront payment and multiple milestone payments to Arena and United
                  Therapeutics of USD7.5 million (equivalent to RMB52.0 million) in aggregate and these payments were capitalised.


                  In 2023, the Group issued a termination notice to United Therapeutics, regarding the above license agreement, effective
                  28 August 2023. As a result, the Group recognised a full impairment loss of USD7.5 million (equivalent to RMB52.0
                  million) for the related intangible asset given no economic benefits can be recovered, and the related intangible asset
                  was written off accordingly.




162    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                             31 December 2024




17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

   (b)   License agreement with Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Tetraphase”)

         Eravacycline


         In February 2018, the Group entered into a license agreement with Tetraphase, pursuant to which Tetraphase granted
         the Group an exclusive license to develop and commercialise Eravacycline in Mainland China, Taiwan, Hong Kong,
         Macau, South Korea and Singapore. In July 2019, the Group and Tetraphase entered into an amendment to the
         license agreement to expand the geographic coverage of the license to Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the
         Philippines.


         From 2018 to 2023, the Group made an upfront payment and multiple milestone payments to Tetraphase of USD25.5
         million (equivalent to RMB173.3 million) in aggregate and these payments were capitalised.


         The Group didn’t make any milestone payment to Tetraphase during 2024.


   (c)   Commercial supply agreement with Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

         Eravacycline manufacturing know-how


         From 2021 to 2023, the Group made multiple milestone payments to Tetraphase of USD5.0 million (equivalent to
         RMB33.5 million) in aggregate and these payments were capitalised.


         The Group didn’t make any milestone payment related to Eravacycline manufacturing know-how to Tetraphase during
         2024.


   (d)   License agreement with Novartis International Pharmaceutical Ltd. (“Novartis”)

         FGF401


         In June 2018, the Group entered into an exclusive global license agreement with Novartis to develop and commercialise
         FGF401. Under this agreement, Novartis granted EverNov an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and
         commercialise Novartis’ FGF4 inhibitor FGF401 and products containing FGF401 for all purposes worldwide.


         From 2018 to 2023, the Group made an upfront payment to Novartis of USD22.4 million (equivalent to RMB148.3
         million) in aggregate and the payment was capitalised.


         The Group didn’t make any milestone payment to Novartis during 2024.




                                                                                  Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   163
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

           (e)    Licenses acquired from Everest II

                  Upon the consummation of the Group’s acquisition of Everest II in 2019, the Group acquired four licenses held by
                  Everest II. The amounts in relation to the acquisition of those licenses were recognised as intangible assets based on
                  their fair value upon consummation of the acquisition.


                  Taniborbactam


                  In September 2018, Everest II entered into an agreement with Venatorx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Venatorx”), pursuant
                  to which Venatorx granted Everest II an exclusive license to exploit, for all uses in humans, Venatorx’s proprietary BLI,
                  taniborbactam (formerly VNRX-5133), in combination with a ß-lactam, initially cefepime, in Mainland China, Macau,
                  Hong Kong, Taiwan, South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines.


                  From 2018 to 2023, the Group made an upfront payment and multiple milestone payments to Venatorx of USD19
                  million (equivalent to RMB125.5 million) in aggregate and these payments were capitalised.


                  The Group didn’t make any milestone payment to Venatorx during 2024.


                  SPR206


                  In January 2019, Everest II entered into a license agreement with Spero Therapeutics, Inc. (“Spero”) through its wholly
                  owned subsidiaries, New Pharma License Holdings Limited (“NPLH”) and Spero Potentiator, Inc. (“Potentiator”), and
                  NPLH has since assigned its assets to Spero. Pursuant to this agreement, NPLH granted Everest II an exclusive license
                  to develop, manufacture and commercialise SPR206 in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, South Korea,
                  Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines.


                  From 2019 to 2023, the Group made an upfront payment and multiple milestone payments to Spero of USD7 million
                  (equivalent to RMB47.7 million) in aggregate and these payments were capitalised.


                  The Group didn’t make any milestone payment to Spero during 2024.




164    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                             31 December 2024




17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

   (e)   Licenses acquired from Everest II (continued)

         Nefecon


         In June 2019, Everest II entered into a license agreement with Calliditas who granted Everest II exclusive rights to
         develop and commercialise Nefecon in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and Singapore. In March 2022,
         the Group and Calliditas entered into an amendment to the license agreement to expand the geographic coverage of
         the license to South Korea.


         From 2019 to 2023, the Group made an upfront payment and multiple milestone payments to Calliditas of USD39.0
         million (equivalent to RMB267.3 million) in aggregate and these payments were capitalised.


         In November 2024, New Drug Application (“NDA”) in Korea was approved and the Group made a milestone payment of
         USD2.0 million (equivalent to RMB14.4 million) and the payment was capitalised.


   (f)   Collaboration and license agreement with Providence Therapeutics Holdings Inc.
         (“Providence”)

         In September 2021, the Group entered into a license agreement with Providence, pursuant to which Providence
         granted the Group exclusive rights to develop, manufacture and commercialise mRNA COVID-19 vaccines in Mainland
         China, Hong Kong, Macau, and certain Asian countries.


         From 2021 to 2023, the Group made an upfront payment to Providence of USD50.0 million (equivalent to RMB356.3
         million) in aggregate and such payment was capitalised. During the year ended 31 December 2024, a full impairment
         loss related to mRNA COVID-19 vaccines of USD50.0 million (equivalent to RMB356.3 million) was recognised by the
         Group given no economic benefit can be recovered.


         In addition, the Group and Providence agreed to conduct collaborative research and develop two prophylactic or
         therapeutic products (the “Collaboration Products”), pursuant to which Providence has granted the Group a royalty-
         free, non-exclusive license in the Collaboration Products and each of the Group and Providence is entitled to 50% of
         the worldwide rights to the Collaboration Products. Providence also agreed to transfer the platform technology mainly
         related to the developing and manufacturing of mRNA vaccine products under the agreement.


         From 2021 to 2023, with regard to Collaboration Products and technology platform, the Group made an upfront
         payment to Providence of USD50 million (equivalent to RMB336.3 million) and made a milestone payment by issuing
         3,492,365 ordinary shares to Providence with issue price of HKD13.12 with aggregate value USD5.9 million (equivalent
         to RMB39.6 million) and these payments were capitalised.




                                                                                  Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   165
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

           (f)    Collaboration and license agreement with Providence (continued)

                  Termination of collaboration and license agreement


                  In February 2024, the Group and Providence entered into a termination agreement (the “Termination Agreement”)
                  whereby the parties agreed to terminate the above collaboration and license agreement in entirety. Pursuant to the
                  Termination Agreement, Providence granted the Group a worldwide, royalty-free (except as set forth below), and non-
                  exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize its own products utilizing the mRNA platform.


                  Under the terms of the Termination Agreement, the Group made a one-time, upfront payment of USD4.0 million
                  (equivalent to RMB28.4 million) in February 2024 and the payment was capitalised. The Group also agreed to make
                  regulatory milestone payment to Providence, should the Group decide to develop the Collaboration Products. In
                  addition, the Group shall pay Providence royalties from the sale of Collaboration Products in the Providence territory,
                  and Providence shall pay the Group royalties from the sale of Collaboration Products in the Everest territory.




166    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                            31 December 2024




17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

   (g)   License agreement with Sinovent Pharmaceuticals, Co., Ltd. (“Sinovent”) and SinoMab
         BioScience Limited. (“SinoMab”)

         XNW-1011


         In September 2021, the Group entered into a license agreement with Sinovent and SinoMab. Pursuant to which,
         Sinovent and SinoMab granted the Group an exclusive worldwide right to develop, manufacture and commercialise
         XNW1011.


         From 2021 to 2023, the Group made an upfront payment to Sinovent and SinoMab of USD12.0 million (equivalent to
         RMB86.3 million) in aggregate and the payment was capitalised.


         The Group didn’t make any milestone payment to Sinovent and SinoMab during 2024.


   (h)   Collaboration and license agreement with Kezar Life Sciences, Inc. (“Kezar”)

         Zetomipzomib


         In September 2023, the Group entered into a license agreement with Kezar, pursuant to which Kezar granted the
         Group an exclusive right to develop, manufacture and commercialise Zetomipzomib in Mainland China, Taiwan, Hong
         Kong, Macau, South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines.


         In 2023, the Group made an upfront payment to Kezar of USD7.0 million (equivalent to RMB50.3 million) in aggregate
         and the payment was capitalised.


         The Group didn’t make any milestone payment to Kezar during 2024.




                                                                                Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   167
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

           (i)    Impairment test

                  The Group’s IPR&D are intangible assets not yet ready for use which are tested annually based on the recoverable
                  amount of the cash-generating unit (“CGU”) to which the intangible assets are related. The appropriate CGU of each
                  IPR&D is determined at the pharmaceutical product level or technology platform. The annual impairment test was
                  performed for each CGU by engaging an independent appraiser to determine recoverable amount based on the
                  value in use calculation using the discounted cash flow model. The Group estimated the forecast period for each
                  pharmaceutical products until estimated useful life. The estimated revenue of each drug is based on management’s
                  estimate of timing of commercialisation. The costs and operating expenses are estimated as a percentage over the
                  revenue forecast period based on the current margin levels of comparable companies with adjustments made to reflect
                  the expected future price changes. The discount rates used are post tax and reflect specific risks relating to the relevant
                  products that would be considered by market participants.


                  The key assumptions used for recoverable amount calculations as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 are as follows:


                                                                                                                                      2024                          2023


                     Post-tax discount rate                                                                        13.00% to 15.00%                               16.0%
                     Revenue growth rate                                                                                    Up to 591%                  Up to 1,281%
                     Recoverable amount of CGUs (in RMB million)                                                                   10,282                        29,067


      18. INVESTMENTS

                                                                                                                                      2024                          2023
                                                                                                                               RMB’000                        RMB’000


             Investments in I-Mab — at FVTOCI (a)                                                                                  16,148                        35,565
             Investments in Venatorx — at FVTPL (b)                                                                                13,557                        13,365


             Total                                                                                                                 29,705                        48,930


           (a)    Upon initial recognition, the Group has elected to classify irrevocably its equity investments in I-Mab (IMAB. US) as equity investments designated at fair
                  value through other comprehensive income and fair value changes are recognised with reference to the quoted market share price of I-Mab in other
                  comprehensive income.


           (b)    The Group acquired 141,533 Series B convertible preferred shares of Venatorx through the acquisition of Everest II. The equity investment in Venatorx is
                  classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.




168    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                              31 December 2024




19. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

                                                                                                                                2024                           2023
                                                                                                                         RMB’000                         RMB’000


     Rental deposits                                                                                                           6,041                          5,504
     Loan to a director (a)                                                                                                    2,468                          2,403
     Prepayment for equipment                                                                                                    562                            619


     Total                                                                                                                     9,071                          8,526


   (a)   On 2 July 2020, the Company provided a loan to one director of the Company, in the total amount of USD325 thousand. The loan has a term of three years
         and a simple interest rate of 5.0% per annum. The principal and accrued interest will be paid on the maturity date. In 2021, pursuant to an amendment
         agreement with this director, the interest rate decreased from 5.0% per annum to 1.25% per annum. In July 2023, according to the contract, such loan was
         automatically renewed for another three years with the same interest rate of 1.25% per annum, and the principal and interest will be repaid by this director in
         July 2026.



   The financial assets included in the above balances relate to receivables for which there were no recent history of default
   and past due amounts. In addition, there is no significant change in the economic factors based on the assessment of the
   forward-looking information, so the loss allowance was assessed to be minimal as at 31 December 2024 and 2023.


20. INVENTORIES

                                                                                                                                2024                           2023
                                                                                                                         RMB’000                         RMB’000


     Pharmaceutical products                                                                                                 14,082                         18,944




                                                                                                           Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024                  169
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      21. TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                          2024                   2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000


             Trade receivables                                                                        363,791                  49,858
             Impairment                                                                                   (219)                      –


             Net carrying amount                                                                      363,572                  49,858


           The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit. The credit period is generally from 60 to 90 days from the
           date of billing. Each customer has a maximum credit limit. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding
           receivables and has a credit control department to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior
           management. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade
           receivables are non-interest-bearing.


           An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date and net of loss
           allowance, is as follows:


                                                                                                          2024                   2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000


             Within 3 months                                                                          363,572                  49,858


           The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:


                                                                                                          2024                   2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000


             At beginning of year                                                                             –                      –
             Impairment losses, net                                                                        219                       –


             At end of year                                                                                219                       –




170    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                31 December 2024




21. TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

   An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected credit losses. The
   provision rates are based on ageing for groupings of various customer segments with similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer
   type). The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable
   information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic
   conditions.


   Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a provision matrix:


                                                                                   As at 31 December 2024
                                                                           Gross               Expected                 Expected
                                                               carrying amount           credit loss rate           credit losses
                                                                       RMB’000                          %               RMB’000


    Within 3 months                                                      363,791                     0.06                      219


22. PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS

                                                                                                     2024                    2023
                                                                                                RMB’000                  RMB’000


    Value-added tax recoverable                                                                    23,554                  47,248
    Interest receivables                                                                            1,136                  21,696
    Receivables due from a third party                                                                   –                 13,012
    Prepayments to suppliers                                                                        9,697                    6,042
    Rental deposits                                                                                   268                      206
    Others                                                                                             17                      916


    Total                                                                                          34,672                  89,120


   The financial assets included in the above balances relate to receivables for which there were no recent history of default and
   past due amounts. As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the loss allowance was assessed to be minimal.




                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   171
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      23. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND BANK DEPOSITS

                                                                                                            2024                    2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000


             Cash at bank                                                                                740,700                473,484
             Time deposits with original maturity within three months                                    143,768                  49,579


             Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   884,468                523,063
             Time deposits with original maturity of more than three months                              718,840              1,826,628


             Total                                                                                     1,603,308              2,349,691



             Denominated in:
             — USD                                                                                     1,345,917              2,222,712
             — RMB                                                                                       243,618                  97,366
             — HKD                                                                                         9,199                  25,118
             — SGD                                                                                         4,135                   3,040
             — KRW                                                                                           439                   1,455


             Total                                                                                     1,603,308              2,349,691


           Cash at banks earns interest at fixed rates and floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Bank deposits earn interest at
           the respective bank deposit rates. The cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks
           with no recent history of default.




172    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                               31 December 2024




24. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                    2024                      2023
                                                                                               RMB’000                  RMB’000


   Trade payables                                                                                 46,114                  48,893
   Salary and staff welfare payables                                                              94,984                  63,251
   Payables for property, plant and equipment                                                     17,941                  56,936
   Payables for service suppliers                                                                 72,573                  46,587
   Payables for intangible assets                                                                       –                 21,956
   Accrued service fees due to clinical research organisations                                    56,379                  10,263
   Tax payables                                                                                    2,821                      3,720
   Others                                                                                         13,738                      7,205


   Total                                                                                        304,550                  258,811


  An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                                    2024                      2023
                                                                                               RMB’000                  RMB’000


   Within 1 year                                                                                  46,114                  48,893


  Trade and other payables are unsecured, non-interest-bearing and repayable on demand. The carrying amounts of financial
  liabilities included in trade and other payables as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 approximated to their fair values due to their
  short-term maturities.




                                                                                    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024    173
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      25. BORROWINGS

                                                               2024                                  2023

                                                    Interest                         Interest
                                                    rate (%)   Maturity   RMB’000    rate (%)        Maturity   RMB’000


             Current
             Unsecured bank loans (a)                   4.00      2025     230,000                                    –
             Secured bank loans (b)              3.25–3.55        2025     213,314      3.90             2024    22,146
             Bank loans — interest
               payables                                                       528                                   518


                                                                           443,842                               22,664


             Non-current
             Unsecured bank loans (a)                                            –      4.35             2025   230,000
             Secured bank loans (b)                     3.25      2026      55,852      3.90             2026   199,314


                                                                            55,852                              429,314


             Total                                                         499,694                              451,978


           Analysed into:


                                                                                                 2024              2023
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000


             Repayable:
               Within 1 year                                                                443,842              22,664
               Between 1 and 2 years                                                            55,852          307,511
               Between 2 and 5 years                                                                 –          121,803


             Total                                                                          499,694             451,978




174    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                               31 December 2024




25. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)

  An analysis of the carrying amounts of borrowings by type of interest rate is as follows:


                                                                                                    2024                    2023
                                                                                               RMB’000                  RMB’000


   Fixed interest rate                                                                            69,852                        –
   Variable interest rate                                                                       429,314                  451,460
   Interest payables                                                                                 528                      518


   Total                                                                                        499,694                  451,978


  (a)   Certain of the Group's bank loans are pledged by a 22.73% equity interest in Everest Medicines (China) Co., Ltd or
        guaranteed by the Company. In December 2024, the Group voluntarily notified the bank and the bank admitted the
        notification for the early repayment of certain loan or RMB199.0 million in 2025.


  (b)   All borrowings are denominated in RMB.




                                                                                    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   175
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      26. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ISSUED TO INVESTORS

                                                                                                             2024                     2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000                    RMB’000


             Current:
               Convertible redeemable preferred shares issued by EverNov                                   26,364                   28,614


           On 20 June 2018, the Company’s subsidiary, EverNov entered into a license agreement with Novartis and obtained the
           rights to research, develop and commercialise one compound FGF401. The total upfront fee paid for the license included
           a cash consideration of USD20 million (equivalent to RMB133 million) and 4,000,000 series A-2 convertible redeemable
           preferred shares issued by EverNov. The convertible redeemable preferred shares issued by EverNov are redeemable upon
           the occurrence of certain future events. Therefore, the Company designated the convertible redeemable preferred shares as
           financial liabilities at FVTPL. The instruments can be converted into ordinary shares of EverNov at any time at the option of the
           holders or automatically converted into ordinary shares upon the occurrence of an initial public offering of EverNov.


           With the assistance of an independent valuer, the fair value of the preferred shares was estimated using the discounted cash
           flow method first to determine the total equity value of EverNov, and then the option pricing model was adopted to allocate
           the equity value to the convertible redeemable preferred shares. The key assumptions are summarised as follows:


                                                                                                             2024                     2023


             Post-tax discount rate (%)                                                                      15.0                     16.0
             Discount of lack of marketability (%)                                                           30.0                     30.0
             Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                       4.3                      4.0
             Expected volatility (%)                                                                         57.0                     77.0


           The movements of convertible redeemable preferred shares of the Group are set out below:


                                                                                                             2024                     2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000                    RMB’000


             At beginning of year                                                                          28,614                   30,923
             Fair value change during the year                                                             (2,652)                   (2,819)
             Exchange realignment                                                                             402                      510


             At end of year                                                                                26,364                   28,614




176    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                31 December 2024




27. DEFERRED TAX

   The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:


   Deferred tax liabilities

                                                                                                             Right of use assets
                                                                                                                        RMB’000


    At 1 January 2023                                                                                                      18,640
    Deferred tax credited to profit or loss during the year                                                                 (5,699)


    At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                                                                 12,941
    Deferred tax credited to profit or loss during the year                                                                 (1,910)


    At 31 December 2024                                                                                                    11,031


   Deferred tax assets

                                                                                                                 Lease liabilities
                                                                                                                        RMB’000


    At 1 January 2023                                                                                                      18,640
    Deferred tax charged to profit or loss during the year                                                                  (5,699)


    At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                                                                 12,941
    Deferred tax charged to profit or loss during the year                                                                  (1,910)


    At 31 December 2024                                                                                                    11,031




                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   177
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      27. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)

           For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the statement of financial position.
           The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances of the Group for financial reporting purposes:


                                                                                                             2024                   2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000


             Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated
               statement of financial position                                                                   –                      –
             Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated
               statement of financial position                                                                   –                      –


           The Group has tax losses arising in Mainland China of RMB1,356,782 thousand (2023: RMB1,128,652 thousand)) that will
           expire in one to five years for offsetting against future taxable profits. The Group also has tax losses arising in Singapore of
           RMB1,813,942 thousand (2023: RMB1,518,542 thousand)) that are available indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable
           profits. The Group only recognises deferred tax assets for cumulative tax losses if it is probable that future taxable amounts
           will be available to utilise those tax losses.


           Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items:


                                                                                                             2024                   2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000


             Tax losses                                                                                   608,240               569,927
             Deductible temporary differences                                                               3,066                  1,750


             Total                                                                                        611,306               571,677


           The Group is liable for withholding taxes on dividends distributed by those subsidiaries established in Mainland China in
           respect of earnings generated from 1 January 2008. The applicable rate is 10% (2023: 10%) for the Group.




178    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                  31 December 2024




28. DEFERRED INCOME

                                                                                                       2024                     2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000                  RMB’000


    Government grants related to assets                                                               5,898                    6,053


   On 17 February 2023, the Group received a government grant of RMB6.2 million from local government to subsidise the
   Group’s purchase of property, plant and equipment. The Group recorded the grant as deferred income in non-current
   liabilities, which is recognised as other income on a straight-line basis over the expected useful lives of the related assets.


29. SHARE CAPITAL

   Shares

                                                                                                 Number of        Nominal value of
                                                                                                     shares          shares in USD


    Authorised
    Authorised shares upon incorporation and as at
       31 December 2024 and 2023                                                               500,000,000                    50,000


                                                                                                       2024                     2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000                  RMB’000


    Issued and fully paid:
       326,498,604 (2023: 323,704,720) ordinary shares                                                  221                      219




                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   179
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      29. SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)

           Shares (continued)

           A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:


                                                                                                                               Number of
                                                                                                                         shares in issue                 Share capital
                                                                                                                                                               RMB’000


             As at 1 January 2023                                                                                            312,088,673                              211
             Issuance of ordinary shares held by Share Scheme Trusts (a)                                                        3,202,888                                 2
             Exercise of share options                                                                                          8,413,159                                 6


             As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                                                       323,704,720                              219
             Exercise of share options                                                                                          2,793,884                                 2


             As at 31 December 2024                                                                                          326,498,604                              221


           Note:


           (a)     The Company issued ordinary shares with respect to the restricted share units and share options under the employee share-based payment arrangements
                   to be vested or exercised by certain grantees of the Company to Amethyst Blessing Limited and Amethyst Blessing III Limited (“Share Scheme Trusts”),
                   which were established to hold the shares for and on behalf of the grantees.


                   The Company has the power to direct the relevant activities of the Share Scheme Trusts and it has the ability to use its power over the Share Scheme Trusts
                   to affect its exposure to returns. Therefore, the Company has consolidated the Share Scheme Trusts. Before the release of shares to grantees upon the
                   vesting and exercise of their awards, the ordinary shares held by Share Scheme Trusts were regarded as treasury shares and presented as a deduction in
                   equity (note 31).




180    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              31 December 2024




30. SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS

   The Company operates multiple share incentive plans for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible
   participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. Eligible participants of the plans include the Company’s
   directors, employees and consultants of the Group. The incentive plans, namely Pre-IPO MSOP, Pre-IPO ESOP, Post-IPO
   Share Option Scheme and the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme are defined below.


   The Company’s Pre-IPO MSOP was adopted pursuant to the resolution passed on 23 November 2017 for the primary
   purpose of advancing the interests of the Company by providing the grant to participants of the options, and motivating the
   selected participants to contribute to the Company’s growth and development. Such plan has a contractual term of ten years
   from the adoption date.


   The Company’s Pre-IPO ESOP was adopted pursuant to the resolution passed on 26 August 2018, and amended on 17
   February 2020 for the primary purpose of advancing the interests of the Company by providing the grant to participants of
   the options and restricted share units (the “RSU”), and motivating the selected participants to contribute to the Company’s
   growth and development. Such plan has a contractual term of ten years from adoption date.


   The Company’s Post-IPO Share Option was adopted pursuant to the resolution passed on 21 September 2020 for the
   primary purpose of encouraging the eligible person to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and the shares for
   the benefit of the Company and shareholders as a whole by providing the grant to participants of the options. Such plan has
   a contractual term of ten years from the adoption date.


   The Company’s Post-IPO Award Scheme was adopted pursuant to the resolution passed on 21 September 2020 for the
   primary purpose of encouraging the eligible person to encourage and retain eligible persons to make contributions to the
   long-term growth and profits of the Group by providing the grant to participants of the RSUs.


   The directors of the Company approved up to 5,048,779 shares of the Company in which options may be granted under the
   Pre-IPO MSOP, up to 22,932,908 shares of the Company in which options may be granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP, up to
   28,369,038 shares of the Company in which options may be granted under the Post-IPO Share Option, and up to 18,684,519
   shares of the Company in which options may be granted under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme.




                                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   181
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      30. SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS (CONTINUED)

           1)     Share options

                  On 5 April 2024, 7,262,380 share options were granted to two directors and certain employees with service condition
                  under Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. The share options shall become exercisable as to 25%, 25%, 25% and 25% of
                  the total number of the share options granted on the first, second, third and fourth anniversaries of the commencement
                  date, respectively. The exercise price is HKD22.54.


                  On 2 October 2024, 240,000 share options were granted to a employee with service condition under Post-IPO Share
                  Option Scheme. The share options shall become exercisable as to 25%, 25%, 25% and 25% of the total number of the
                  share options granted on the first, second, third and fourth anniversaries of the commencement date, respectively. The
                  exercise price is HKD27.35.


                  The following share options were outstanding during the year:


                                                            At 31 December 2024                       At 31 December 2023
                                                Weighted average              Number of      Weighted average              Number of
                                                        exercise price            options        exercise price                options
                                                    USD per share                               USD per share


                   As at 1 January                               2.21        15,623,594                    2.09           21,476,608
                   Granted                                       2.92         7,502,380                    1.99             8,920,924
                   Forfeited                                     2.49         (1,096,683)                  3.74            (6,360,779)
                   Exercised                                     1.54         (2,793,884)                  0.50            (8,413,159)


                   As at 31 December                             2.57        19,235,407                    2.21           15,623,594




182    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                31 December 2024




30. SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS (CONTINUED)

   1)   Share options (continued)

        The fair value of the share options granted during the year was RMB43,398 thousand (2023: RMB26,715 thousand).
        The Group recognised share-based payment expenses of RMB41,207 thousand (2023: RMB24,864 thousand) during
        the year ended 31 December 2024.


        The fair value of equity-settled share options granted during the year was estimated as at the date of grant using a
        binomial model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the options were granted. The following table
        lists the inputs to the model used:


                                                                                                     2024                    2023


         Dividend yield (%)                                                                              –                        –
         Expected volatility (%)                                                                        55                      60
         Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                           2.7 to 3.49               3.6 to 3.7
         Weighted average share price (USD per share)                                                 2.92                    1.99


        The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future trends, which may also
        not necessarily be the actual outcome.


   2)   Restricted share units (“RSUs”)

        On 5 April 2024, 475,391 restricted share units (“Batch 1”) were granted to two directors and certain chief
        managements with service and performance conditions. Batch 1 shall commence if the Company scorecard in
        2024 is achieved and the individual performance rating result in 2024 is “Met Expectations” or above. The Company
        scorecard includes target on revenue and profitability, capital market, clinical development, operational excellence and
        organization. In addition to performance-based vesting condition, the restricted share units granted to grantees shall
        vest and become exercisable as to 25%, 25%, 25% and 25% of the total number of the restricted share units granted
        on the first, second, third and fourth anniversaries of the commencement date, respectively. The fair value of Batch 1
        was estimated as at the date of grant using Monte Carlo Simulation model to simulate the share price trend in the future
        to determine the time when such market performance conditions (i.e. target on capital market mentioned above) are
        met. The fair value of Batch 1 was HKD0.9.




                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024     183
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      30. SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS (CONTINUED)

           2)     RSUs (continued)

                  On 5 April 2024, 176,000 restricted share units (“Batch 2”) were granted to certain employees with non-market and
                  market performance conditions. The restricted share units shall become immediately vested upon the achievement
                  of certain operational targets and stock price targets as set out in the relevant grant letter. The fair value of restricted
                  share units with non-market performance conditions granted under Batch 2 was determined using the fair value of
                  the Company’s ordinary shares of HKD48 and HKD57.6 at the grant date. The fair value of restricted share units
                  with market performance conditions granted under Batch 2 was estimated as at the date of grant using Monte Carlo
                  Simulation model to simulate the share price trend in the future to determine the time when such market performance
                  conditions are met. The fair values of restricted share units with market performance conditions granted under Batch 2
                  ranged from HKD1.9 to HKD5.3.


                  On 5 April 2024 and 2 October 2024, 2,659,029 restricted share units (“Batch 3”) and 498,000 restricted share units
                  (“Batch 4”) with service rendered were granted to certain employees with service conditions, respectively. The restricted
                  share units granted to grantees shall vest and become exercisable as to 25%, 25%, 25% and 25% of the total number
                  of the restricted share units granted on the first, second, third and fourth anniversaries of the commencement date,
                  respectively. The fair values of Batch 3 and Batch 4 were determined using the fair values of the Company’s ordinary
                  shares of HKD21.85 and HKD27.35 at the grant date, respectively.


                  The subscription price for Batch 1 to Batch 4 are all nil.




184    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              31 December 2024




30. SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS (CONTINUED)

   2)   RSUs (continued)

        The following restricted shares were outstanding under restricted share units during the year:


                                                                                                   2024                    2023
                                                                                     Number of RSUs            Number of RSUs


         As at 1 January                                                                     5,925,488              10,727,179
         Granted                                                                             3,808,420                7,179,974
         Forfeited                                                                             (876,667)             (6,497,821)
         Vested                                                                              (2,224,591)             (5,483,844)


         As at 31 December                                                                   6,632,650                5,925,488


        The fair value of the restricted share units granted during the year was RMB41,654 thousand (2023: RMB40,025
        thousand). The Group recognised share-based payment expenses of RMB49,891 thousand (2023: RMB48,556
        thousand) during the year ended 31 December 2024.


        The fair values for RSUs with performance conditions on each grant date during the years ended 31 December 2024
        and 2023 were computed using the Monte Carlo Simulation model with the assumptions summarised as follows:


                                                                                                   2024                    2023
                                                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000


         Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                         4.21–4.31                   3.4–4.9
         Expected dividend yield (%)                                                                     –                     –
         Expected volatility (%)                                                                     55                       60




                                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   185
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      31. TREASURY SHARES

           A summary of movements in the Company’s treasury shares is as follows:


                                                                       Number of shares                        Treasury shares
                                                                          2024               2023               2024                2023
                                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


             At the beginning of the year                            4,348,701          6,629,657                   1                   3
             Issuance of ordinary shares held by
                  Share Scheme Trusts                                         –         3,202,888                   –                   2
             Restricted share units vested                          (2,197,705)        (5,483,844)                  (1)                (4)


             At the end of the year                                  2,150,996          4,348,701                   –                   1


      32. RESERVES

           The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are presented in the
           consolidated statement of changes in equity.


           (i)      Capital reserve

                    Share reserve includes share premium arising from the issuance of shares of the Company at a price in excess of par
                    value and the share-based payments reserve.


           (ii)     Treasury shares

                    As instructed by the board of directors, ordinary shares were issued to the Share Scheme Trusts and such shares will
                    be held by the trustee and recognised as treasury shares until such shares are vested in accordance with the provisions
                    of the share incentive plans.




186    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                          31 December 2024




33. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

  (a)   Major non-cash transactions

        During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of RMB9,178 thousand
        (2023: RMB10,411 thousand) and RMB9,178 thousand (2023: RMB10,411 thousand), respectively, in respect of lease
        arrangements for properties.


  (b)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                                                   Financial
                                                                                                               instruments
                                                                Borrowings         Lease liabilities   issued to investors
                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000                 RMB’000


         At 1 January 2024                                          451,978                  58,648                  28,614



         Changes from financing cash flows                           28,020                 (20,782)                       –
         New leases                                                        –                  3,073                        –
         Interest expense                                            19,696                   2,493                        –
         Lease modification                                                –                  6,105                        –
         Fair value gain in financial instruments
           issued to investors                                             –                       –                  (2,652)
         Exchange realignment                                              –                     11                      402


         At 31 December 2024                                        499,694                  49,548                  26,364




                                                                               Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   187
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      33. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
          (CONTINUED)

           (b)    Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities (continued)

                                                                                                              Financial
                                                                    Other                                   instruments
                                                                  current                       Lease         issued to
                                                                 liabilities   Borrowings     liabilities     investors
                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000


                   At 1 January 2023                             424,081                 –     79,634           30,923



                   Changes from financing cash flows            (442,930)        443,515      (20,269)               –
                   Interest expense                               11,371           8,463         3,225               –
                   New leases                                             –              –     10,411                –
                   Disposal                                               –              –    (16,385)               –
                   Fair value gain in financial instruments
                      issued to investors                                 –              –             –        (2,819)
                   Exchange realignment                             7,478                –       2,032             510


                   At 31 December 2023                                    –      451,978       58,648           28,614




188    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                31 December 2024




34. COMMITMENTS

  (a)      The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                     2024                    2023
                                                                                                RMB’000                  RMB’000


            Property, plant and equipment                                                          14,913                  78,714


35. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

  Name of the related party and its relationship with the Group are set out below:


  CBC Group, mainly comprises C-Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P., C-Bridge Investment Everest Limited, C-Bridge II Investment
  Eight Limited, C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P., C-Bridge IV Investment Two Limited, C Bridge IV Investment Nine Limited
  Ltd., C-Bridge Capital Investment Management, Ltd. (“C-Bridge Capital”), CBC Group Investment Management, Ltd, C-Bridge
  Value Creation Limited and Everest Management Holding Co., Ltd. As at 31 December 2024, C Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P.
  and C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P. owned approximately 39.48% (2023: 40.50%) of shares in the Group on a collective
  basis.


   Name of the related party                                       Relationship with the Group


   CBC Joint Value Creation Limited                                Entity controlled by CBC Group

  (a)      The Group had the following transactions with related parties during the year:

                                                                                                     2024                    2023
                                                                                                RMB’000                  RMB’000


            Management consultancy services provided by a related party
            CBC Joint Value Creation Limited                                                        3,205                    4,933



            Interest income from loan to a director                                                    29                       29




                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   189
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      35. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

           (b)    Outstanding balance with a related party

                                                                                                             2024                    2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000                  RMB’000


                   Loan to a director                                                                        2,468                  2,403


           (c)    Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:

                                                                                                             2024                    2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000                  RMB’000


                   Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                               30,305                  30,325
                   Performance related bonuses                                                             42,292                  13,986
                   Share-based payment expenses                                                            41,915                  22,251
                   Pension scheme contributions                                                                612                    547
                   Termination benefits                                                                          –                  2,734


                                                                                                          115,124                  69,843


                  Further details of directors’ and the chief executive’s emoluments are included in note 10 to the financial statements.




190    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                        31 December 2024




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

  The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


  2024

  Financial assets


                                                                    Financial              Financial            Financial
                                                                       assets                assets             assets at
                                                                    at FVTPL              at FVTOCI     amortised cost             Total
                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000               RMB’000        RMB’000


   Financial assets included in other non-current assets                     –                    –                 8,509          8,509
   Financial assets included in prepayments
      and other current assets                                               –                    –                 1,421          1,421
   Trade receivables                                                         –                    –              363,572        363,572
   Bank deposits                                                             –                    –              718,840        718,840
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                 –                    –              884,468        884,468
   Investments in Venatorx                                             13,557                     –                     –         13,557
   Investments in I-Mab                                                      –               16,148                     –         16,148


   Total                                                               13,557                16,148            1,976,810      2,006,515


  Financial liabilities


                                                                  Financial liabilities
                                                                at FVTPL Designated                      Financial
                                                                 as such upon initial                  liabilities at
                                                                          recognition            amortised cost                    Total
                                                                            RMB’000                      RMB’000               RMB’000


   Financial liabilities included in trade and other payables                         –                    150,366              150,366
   Borrowings                                                                         –                    499,694              499,694
   Lease liabilities                                                                  –                     49,548                49,548
   Financial instruments issued to investors                                     26,364                            –              26,364


   Total                                                                         26,364                    699,608              725,972




                                                                                           Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   191
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (CONTINUED)
           The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:
           (continued)


           2023

           Financial assets


                                                                              Financial               Financial             Financial
                                                                                 assets                 assets             assets at
                                                                              at FVTPL               at FVTOCI     amortised cost           Total
                                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000              RMB’000       RMB’000


             Financial assets included in other non-current assets                     –                     –                 7,907       7,907
             Financial assets included in prepayments
               and other current assets                                                –                     –                24,251      24,251
             Trade receivables                                                         –                     –                49,858      49,858
             Bank deposits                                                             –                     –           1,826,628      1,826,628
             Cash and cash equivalents                                                 –                     –              523,063      523,063
             Investments in Venatorx                                            13,365                       –                     –      13,365
             Investments in I-Mab                                                      –               35,565                      –      35,565


             Total                                                              13,365                 35,565            2,431,707      2,480,637


           Financial liabilities


                                                                             Financial liabilities
                                                                          at FVTPL Designated                       Financial
                                                                           as such upon initial                   liabilities at
                                                                                    recognition              amortised cost                 Total
                                                                                      RMB’000                      RMB’000              RMB’000


             Financial liabilities included in trade and other payables                         –                   191,840              191,840
             Borrowings                                                                         –                   451,978              451,978
             Lease liabilities                                                                  –                     58,648              58,648
             Financial instruments issued to investors                                     28,614                             –           28,614


             Total                                                                         28,614                   702,466              731,080




192    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                 31 December 2024




37. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

   Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, bank deposits, trade receivables, financial
   liabilities included trade and other payables, financial assets included in prepayments and other current assets and the current
   portion of borrowings approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.


   The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged
   in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following methods and
   assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:


   The fair values of the non-current portion of borrowings have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows
   using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair
   value as a result of the Group’s own non-performance risk for borrowings as at 31 December 2024 were assessed to be
   insignificant.


   The fair value of the convertible redeemable preferred shares issued by EverNov is determined using valuation techniques,
   including the discounted cash flow method and is within Level 3 fair value measurement. Further details are disclosed in note
   26 to the financial statements.


   The fair value of investments in I-Mab is based on quoted market prices. The fair value of investments in Venatorx has been
   estimated using the back-solve method and calibration method first to determine the total equity value, and then the option
   pricing model to allocate the equity value to the preferred shares. The directors believe that the estimated fair values resulting
   from the valuation technique, which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position, and the related changes
   in fair values, which are recorded in profit or loss, are reasonable, and that they were the most appropriate values at the
   end of the reporting period. The significant unobservable input used in the valuation of investments in Venatorx is expected
   volatility and the expected volatility ratio as at 31 December 2024 is 88% (2023: 112%)




                                                                                      Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024    193
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      37. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
          (CONTINUED)

           Fair value hierarchy

           The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:


           Assets and liabilities measured at fair value:


           As at 31 December 2024


                                                                                    Fair value measurement using
                                                                      Quoted           Significant         Significant
                                                                     prices in        observable        unobservable
                                                              active markets                inputs              inputs
                                                                     (Level 1)           (Level 2)           (Level 3)         Total
                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000


             Financial assets
               Investments in Venatorx                                       –                   –             13,557        13,557
               Investments in I-Mab                                    16,148                    –                      –    16,148


                                                                       16,148                    –             13,557        29,705



             Financial liabilities
               Financial instruments
                issued to investors                                          –                   –             26,364        26,364




194    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                     31 December 2024




37. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (CONTINUED)

   Fair value hierarchy (continued)

   Assets and liabilities measured at fair value: (continued)


   As at 31 December 2023


                                                                                 Fair value measurement using
                                                                    Quoted         Significant        Significant
                                                                   prices in       observable      unobservable
                                                            active markets             inputs              inputs
                                                                   (Level 1)         (Level 2)           (Level 3)              Total
                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000


    Financial assets
       Investments in Venatorx                                             –                –             13,365              13,365
       Investments in I-Mab                                         35,565                  –                   –             35,565


                                                                    35,565                  –             13,365              48,930



    Financial liabilities
       Financial instruments
       issued to investors                                                 –                –             28,614              28,614


   During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or out
   of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2023: Nil).




                                                                                        Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   195
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

           The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise borrowings, bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents. The main
           purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has various other financial
           assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and financial liabilities included in trade and other payables, which arise directly
           from its operations.


           The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk and liquidity
           risk. The board of directors of the Company reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are
           summarised below.


           Interest rate risk

           The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s borrowings with floating
           interest rates.


           If interest rates on variable interest rate borrowings had been 10 basis points higher/lower, with all other variables held
           constant, the Group’s post-tax profit would have decreased/increased by approximately RMB294 thousand for the year
           ended 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB189 thousand).


           Foreign currency risk

           The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from sales, purchases or borrowings by operating
           units in currencies other than the units’ functional currencies.


           The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably possible change in the USD
           exchange rate, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s loss before tax and the Group’s equity.




196    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                          31 December 2024




38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

   Foreign currency risk (continued)

                                                 Increase/              (Decrease)/
                                                (decrease)                 increase             (Decrease)/
                                                 in foreign                  in loss               increase
                                             exchange rate               before tax                in equity
                                                        %                 RMB’000                  RMB’000


    2024
    If the RMB weakens against the USD                   5                  (11,564)                 11,564
    If the RMB strengthens against the USD               (5)                 11,564                  (11,564)



    2023
    If the RMB weakens against the USD                   5                  (10,533)                 10,533
    If the RMB strengthens against the USD               (5)                 10,533                  10,533




                                                               Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   197
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           Credit risk

           The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, bank deposits, trade receivables and other receivables represent the
           Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial assets.


           The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with cash and cash equivalents, bank deposits since they
           are substantially held in reputable state-owned banks and other medium or large-sized listed banks. Management does not
           expect that there will be any significant losses from non-performance by these counterparties.


           The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy customers with no requirement for collateral. It is the Group’s policy
           that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures.


           In order to minimise the credit risk, the Group reviews the recoverable amount of each individual trade receivable periodically
           and management has also implemented monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue
           receivables. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.


           The Group measures the loss allowance for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which is calculated using
           a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experiences do not indicate significantly different loss patterns for
           different segments, the loss allowance based on the past-due status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different
           customer bases.


           The Group also expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with amounts due from related parties and other
           receivables since the counterparties to these financial assets have no history of default.


           For other financial assets, amounts due from related parties and other receivables, impairment is measured at 12-month
           expected credit losses as there has been no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.


           An impairment analysis was performed at 31 December 2024 and 2023 using a provision matrix to measure expected
           credit losses of trade receivables. The provision rates are based on ageing for groupings of various customer segments with
           similar loss patterns. The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and
           supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future
           economic conditions.




198    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                  31 December 2024




38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

   Liquidity risk

   The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of internally
   generated cash flows from operations and borrowings. The Group regularly reviews its major funding positions to ensure that
   it has adequate financial resources in meeting its financial obligations.


   The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the contractual
   undiscounted payments, was as follows:


                                                                                          2024
                                                             Less than
                                                                 1 year
                                                        or on demand           1 to 2 years       2 to 5 years                Total
                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000


    Financial liabilities included in trade
       and other payables                                      150,366                    –                   –            150,366
    Lease liabilities                                            18,783             18,303              13,850              50,936
    Borrowings                                                 446,208              56,845                    –            503,053
    Financial instruments issued to investors                          –                  –             26,364              26,364


                                                               615,357              75,148              40,214             730,719


                                                                                          2023
                                                              Less than
                                                                  1 year
                                                         or on demand          1 to 2 years        2 to 5 years               Total
                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000


    Financial liabilities included in trade
       and other payables                                      191,840                    –                   –            191,840
    Lease liabilities                                            19,120             20,349              23,839              63,308
    Borrowings                                                   40,572           317,176             124,878              482,626
    Financial instruments issued to investors                          –                  –             28,331              28,331


                                                               251,532            337,525             177,048              766,105




                                                                                      Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   199
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           Capital management

           The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
           and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholders’ value.


           The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and the
           risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend
           payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. The Group is not subject to any externally
           imposed capital requirements. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the
           years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.


           The current ratios as at the end of the reporting periods were as follows:


                                                                                                                                  2024        2023
                                                                                                                              RMB’000     RMB’000


             Current assets                                                                                                   2,015,634   2,507,613
             Current liabilities                                                                                               793,539     328,741


             Current ratio (note)                                                                                                  2.54        7.63


           Note:   The current ratio is calculated by current assets divided by current liabilities and multiplied by 100%.



      39. COMPARATIVE AMOUNTS

           As further explained in note 2.2 to the financial statements, due to the adoption of the revised IFRS Accounting Standards
           during the current year, the presentation of certain items and balances in the financial statements have been revised to comply
           with the new requirements. Accordingly, certain prior year adjustments have been made, and certain comparative amounts
           have been reclassified to conform with the current year’s presentation and accounting treatment.




200    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                31 December 2024




40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

   Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as follows:


                                                                                                     2024                     2023
                                                                                                RMB’000                  RMB’000


    NON-CURRENT ASSETS
    Intangible assets                                                                            794,800                1,056,008
    Investments in subsidiaries                                                                6,583,134                5,941,455
    Investments                                                                                    16,148                    35,565
    Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                                  75,741                         –
    Other non-current assets                                                                        2,468                     2,403


    Total non-current assets                                                                   7,472,291                7,035,431


    CURRENT ASSETS
    Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                                   2,642                     6,065
    Prepayments and other current assets                                                            1,402                    22,149
    Bank deposits                                                                                718,840                1,600,690
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    632,476                    412,354


    Total current assets                                                                       1,355,360                2,041,258


    CURRENT LIABILITIES
    Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                                  875,838                1,079,097
    Trade and other payables                                                                        3,939                     4,196
    Borrowings                                                                                   230,267                       278


    Total current liabilities                                                                  1,110,044                1,083,571




                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   201
      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2024




      40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)

                                                                  2024          2023
                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000


             NET CURRENT ASSETS                                245,316       957,687


             TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES            7,717,607     7,993,118


             NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
             Borrowings                                               –      230,000


             Total non-current liabilities                            –      230,000


             Net assets                                       7,717,607     7,763,118



             EQUITY
             Share capital                                         221           219
             Reserves (note)                                 14,042,141    13,920,483
             Accumulated deficit (note)                      (6,583,865)   (6,268,254)
             Accumulated other comprehensive income (note)     259,110       110,670


             Total equity                                     7,717,607     7,763,118




202    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                       31 December 2024




40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)
   Note:


   A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                                               Exchange
                                                        Capital    Treasury     FVTOCI         fluctuation   Accumulated
                                                        reserve     shares      reserve           reserve           deficit         Total
                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000


    Balance at 1 January 2023                     13,817,287             (3)   (187,042)         260,401        (6,193,301)     7,697,342


    Loss for the year                                        –            –           –                 –          (74,953)       (74,953)
    Issuance of ordinary shares held by
       Share Scheme Trusts (note 31)                         –           (2)          –                 –               —              (2)
    Share-based payments                                73,420            –           –                 –                –         73,420
    Restricted share units vested                            (4)         4            –                 –                –              –
    Exercise of share options                           29,781            –           –                 –                –         29,781
    Foreign currency translation                                                      –            79,772                –         79,772
    Change in fair value of financial
       assets at FVTOCI                                      –            –     (42,461)                –                –        (42,461)


    At 31 December 2023 and
       1 January 2024                             13,920,484             (1)   (229,503)         340,173       (6,268,254)      7,762,899


    Loss for the year                                        –            –           –                 –        (315,611)       (315,611)
    Share-based payments                                91,098            –           –                 –                –         91,098
    Restricted share units vested                            (1)         1            –                 –                –              –
    Exercise of share options                           30,560            –           –                 –                –         30,560
    Foreign currency translation                             –            –           –          168,389                 –        168,389
    Change in fair value of financial
       assets at FVTOCI                                      –           —      (19,949)                –                –        (19,949)


    At 31 December 2024                           14,042,141              –    (249,452)         508,562       (6,583,865)      7,717,386



41. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 25 March 2025.




                                                                                           Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024    203
      Five Year Financial Summary



      CONSOLIDATED RESULTS

                                                                          Years ended 31 December
                                                            2024         2023          2022             2021          2020
                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000


      Operating loss                                   (1,117,044)    (932,738)    (256,800)    (1,026,332)       (688,457)
      Loss before income tax                           (1,041,375)    (844,463)    (247,275)    (1,008,719)      (5,658,165)
      Loss for the year attributable to the
        equity holders of the Company                  (1,041,375)    (844,463)    (247,283)    (1,008,719)      (5,658,165)


      Total comprehensive loss for the year
        attributable to the equity holders
        of the Company                                 (1,017,534)    (789,022)    (490,146)    (1,121,208)      (5,246,910)


      CONSOLIDATED ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                                                          Years ended 31 December
                                                            2024         2023          2022             2021          2020
                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                     (restated)    (restated)       (restated)    (restated)


      Non-current assets                               2,943,214     3,265,159    3,200,596     3,957,895        2,980,772
      Current assets                                   2,015,634     2,507,613    3,414,142     2,687,928        4,496,409
      Total assets                                     4,958,848     5,772,772    6,614,738     6,645,823        7,477,181
      Non-current liabilities                             92,515      475,363        59,307         456,783        428,316
      Current liabilities                                793,539      328,741       900,948         297,044        207,794
      Total liabilities                                  886,054      804,104       960,255         753,827        636,110


      Total equity/(deficit)                           4,072,794     4,968,668    5,654,483     5,891,996        6,841,071




204   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                Definitions



“AGM”                             the annual general meeting of the Company to be held before 30 June 2025


“associate(s)”                    has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


“Articles of Association”         the articles of association of the Company amended on 28 June 2024, as amended
                                  from time to time


“Audit Committee”                 the audit committee of the Company


“Board” or “Board of Directors”   the board of directors of our Company


“CG Code”                         the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules


“China” or the “PRC”              the People’s Republic of China, and for the purpose of this report only, except
                                  where the context requires otherwise, excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special
                                  Administrative Region and Taiwan


“Companies Ordinance”             the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended,
                                  supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Company”, “our Company”,         Everest Medicines Limited, an exempted company with limited liability incorporated
  “the Company”, “Everest”, or    in Cayman Islands and the Shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock
  “Everest Medicines”             Exchange (stock code: 1952)


“connected person(s)”             has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“connected transactions”          has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“Controlling Shareholder(s)”      has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


“Director(s)”                     the director(s) of our Company


“Global Offering”                 the Hong Kong Public Offering and the International Offering as defined in the
                                  Prospectus




                                                                          Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   205
      Definitions




      “Group”, “our Group”, “the Group”,                the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time
        “we”, “us” or “our”


      “Hong Kong” or “HK”                               the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China


      “Hong Kong dollars”, “HK dollars”,                Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
        “HKD” or “HK$”


      “IFRS”                                            International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time by the
                                                        International Accounting Standards Board


      “IND”                                             investigational new drug or investigational new drug application, also known as
                                                        clinical trial application in China


      “IPO”                                             initial public offering


      “Latest Practicable Date”                         21 March 2025, being the latest practicable date for ascertaining certain information
                                                        in this annual report before its publication


      “Listing”                                         the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange


      “Listing Date”                                    9 October 2020, the date on which the Shares were listed and on which dealings in
                                                        the Shares are first permitted to take place on the Stock Exchange


      “Listing Rules”                                   the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                                        Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


      “Main Board”                                      the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock Exchange
                                                        which is independent from and operates in parallel with the GEM of the Stock
                                                        Exchange


      “Model Code”                                      the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set out in
                                                        Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules


      “NDA”                                             new drug application




206    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                    Definitions




“NMPA”                           China National Medical Products Administration （國家藥品監督管理局）, successor
                                 to the China Food and Drug Administration （國家食品藥品監督管理總局）


“Nomination Committee”           the nomination committee of the Company


“Post-IPO Share Award Scheme”    the post-IPO share award scheme adopted by the Company on 21 September 2020


“Post-IPO Share Option Scheme”   the post-IPO share option scheme adopted by the Company on 21 September 2020


“Post-IPO Share Schemes”         the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme and the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme


“Pre-IPO ESOP”                   the employee equity plan approved and adopted by our Company on 25 December
                                 2018 as amended and restated on 17 February 2020


“Pre-IPO MSOP”                   the employee stock option plan approved and adopted by our Company on 23
                                 November 2017


“Pre-IPO Share Schemes”          the Pre-IPO ESOP and Pre-IPO MSOP


“Prospectus”                     the prospectus of the Company dated 25 September 2020


“Remuneration Committee”         the remuneration committee of the Company


“Reporting Period”               the year ended 31 December 2024


“RMB” or “Renminbi”              Renminbi, the lawful currency of PRC


“R&D”                            research and development


“SFO”                            Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                 amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Share(s)”                       ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company, currently with a par value of
                                 US$0.0001 each


“Share Schemes”                  the Pre-IPO Share Schemes and the Post-IPO Share Schemes




                                                                        Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024   207
      Definitions




      “Shareholder(s)”                                  holder(s) of the Share(s)


      “Stock Exchange”                                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


      “subsidiary” or “subsidiaries”                    has the meaning ascribed to it thereto in section 15 of the Companies Ordinance


      “substantial shareholder”                         has the meaning ascribed to it in the Listing Rules


      “treasury shares”                                 has the meaning ascribed to it in the Listing Rules


      “United States” or “U.S.”                         the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas subject to its
                                                        jurisdiction


      “US dollars”, “U.S. dollars”,                     United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States
        “US$” or “USD”


      “%”                                               per cent




208    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2024
