CONTENTS
CORPORATE INFORMATION                                     2

BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS                                       4

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS                                     13

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                       15

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION               39

REPORT ON REVIEW OF INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION        52

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR    53
  LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF              54
  FINANCIAL POSITION

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF              56
  CHANGES IN EQUITY

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS   58

NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED                  60
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION

DEFINITIONS                                              81
    Corporate Information



    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                             JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Executive Directors                                            Mr. King Hang Yeung (楊景行)
                                                                   Ms. Yee Wa Lau (劉綺華)
    Mr. Yifang Wu (吳以芳) (Chairman of the Board)
    Mr. Yongqing Luo (羅永慶)
    Mr. Ian Ying Woo (何穎)                                          AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
                                                                   Mr. Ian Ying Woo (何穎)
    Non-Executive Directors                                        Ms. Yee Wa Lau (劉綺華)

    Mr. Wei Fu (傅唯) (Honorary chairman of the Board)
    Mr. William Ki Chul Cho (曹基哲)                                  AUDITOR
      (resigned with effect from 14 August 2026)                   Ernst & Young
    Mr. Xin Sun (孫欣)                                               Certified Public Accountants and Registered
    Ms. Yue Wang (王玥)                                                Public Interest Entity Auditor under the
      (appointed with effect from 14 August 2026)                    Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
                                                                   27/F, One Taikoo Place, 979 King’s Road
    Independent Non-executive Directors                            Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

    Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣世東)
    Mr. Yifan Li (李軼梵)                                             REGISTERED OFFICE
    Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (徐海音)                                         PO Box 309, Ugland House
                                                                   Grand Cayman

    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                                KY1-1104, Cayman Islands

    Mr. Yifan Li (李軼梵) (Chairperson)
    Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣世東)                                        HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
    Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (徐海音)                                         OF BUSINESS IN CHINA
                                                                   17/F., AIA Financial Center

    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                         866 East Changzhi Road, Hongkou District
                                                                   Shanghai 200082, China
    Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (徐海音) (Chairperson)
    Mr. Yifang Wu (吳以芳)
    Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣世東)                                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
                                                                   HONG KONG
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                           Room 1912, 19/F, Lee Garden One
                                                                   33 Hysan Avenue
    Mr. Yifang Wu (吳以芳) (Chairperson)
                                                                   Causeway Bay
    Mr. Yifan Li (李軼梵)
                                                                   Hong Kong
    Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (徐海音)




2         Everest Medicines Limited          Interim Report 2026
                                                                           Corporate Information




LEGAL ADVISORS                                        STOCK CODE
As to Hong Kong law and United States law             1952

Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom and affiliates
42/F, Edinburgh Tower, The Landmark                   COMPANY WEBSITE
15 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong                    www.everestmedicines.com


As to PRC law
Zhong Lun Law Firm
6/10/11/16/17F, Two IFC, 8 Century Avenue
Pudong New Area, Shanghai 200120, PRC


As to Cayman Islands law
Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP
26th Floor, Central Plaza
18 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
PO Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square
Grand Cayman KY1-1102
Cayman Islands


HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor
Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East
Wan Chai, Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL BANKER
Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
32nd Floor, 4–4A Des Voeux Road, Central
Hong Kong




                                                                                                   3
    Business Highlights



    During the six months ended 30 June 2026, and as of the Latest Practicable Date, Everest Medicines continued to execute its
    2030 Strategy through the advancement of its commercial portfolio, expansion of its pipeline, and acceleration of its presence
    across the Asia-Pacific region. During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to strengthen its commercialization platform,
    advance multiple clinical-stage and commercial assets, and expand its portfolio through a series of strategic business development
    transactions and collaborations.


    Key achievements during the Reporting Period included continued commercial and clinical momentum for NEFECON ®,
    China NDA approval and market launch for VELSIPITY®, expansion of the Company’s portfolio through multiple licensing and
    collaboration agreements, extended scale and breadth of its business across the Asia Pacific region through acquisition of Hasten
    Biopharmaceuticals (SG) Pte. Ltd.; signing of first out-licensing deal for our product with global rights; advancement of several late-
    stage development programs, and presentation of encouraging first-in-human clinical data for EVM16, the Company’s personalized
    mRNA cancer vaccine. These developments further strengthened Everest’s diversified portfolio and enhanced its commercial
    and development footprint across Asia-Pacific markets, supporting the Company’s long-term strategy to become a leading
    biopharmaceutical company in the region.


    RENAL PRODUCTS PORTFOLIO
    Everest has established a leading renal disease franchise spanning commercial-stage products, late-stage development programs
    and innovative diagnostic technologies. Anchored by NEFECON®, the first and only fully-approved therapy in China specifically
    targeting the underlying disease mechanism of IgA nephropathy (IgAN), the Company’s renal portfolio has expanded to include
    differentiated assets across autoimmune-mediated glomerular diseases and dialysis-related complications. Through a combination
    of internal innovation and strategic business development, Everest is building a comprehensive nephrology platform designed to
    address significant unmet medical needs across multiple renal indications and strengthen its leadership position in kidney disease
    throughout China and the broader Asia-Pacific region.


    NEFECON®, our anchor product in the renal therapeutic area, is a patented oral, delayed release formulation of budesonide,
    a corticosteroid with potent glucocorticoid activity and weak mineralocorticoid activity that undergoes substantial first pass
    metabolism. The formulation is designed as a delayed release capsule that is enteric coated so that it remains intact until it releases
    budesonide to the distal ileum. Each capsule contains coated beads of budesonide that target mucosal B-cells present in the ileum
    where the disease originates, as per the predominant pathogenesis models. NEFECON® received China NMPA approval for the
    treatment of primary IgA nephropathy (IgAN) in November of 2023 and launched in Chinese Mainland in May 2024. As of January
    2025, NEFECON® has also been added to the National Reimbursement Drug List (the “NRDL”), which greatly enhances patient
    access to this critically important medication.


    —     In March 2026, NEFECON® showcased ten recent studies from China at the ISN World Congress of Nephrology (WCN 2026).
          These data, derived from real-world studies at leading Chinese hospitals, underscore the drug’s therapeutic advantages in IgA
          nephropathy. The findings offer valuable insights into NEFECON®’s efficacy and safety profile, reinforcing the product strategy
          of “Treat the Cause, Treat Early, Treat Long-Term.”




4          Everest Medicines Limited            Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                   Business Highlights




—     In May 2026, the first Expert Consensus on 60 Clinical Questions for IgA Nephropathy (2026 Edition) was released, providing
      standardized guidance for the clinical diagnosis and treatment of IgA nephropathy in China. NEFECON® was recognized as a
      core recommended therapy by the consensus.


—     In June 2026, Everest presented 23 abstracts on NEFECON® at the 63rd European Renal Association Congress (ERA 2026),
      including 11 oral presentations and 12 e-posters. The newly presented results from 21 real-world studies conducted in China
      further validated the efficacy and safety of NEFECON® in clinical practice and reinforced its position as a cornerstone first-
      line treatment for patients with IgA nephropathy. The presentations included analyses across patient populations with varying
      baseline renal function, high-risk and refractory disease, combination treatment approaches, predictors of treatment response,
      and long-term treatment outcomes, further expanding the body of evidence supporting the use of NEFECON® in IgAN.


—     Everest announced to have entered into a commercialization collaboration relating to Hainan Herui Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
      (“Hainan Herui”)’s budesonide enteric capsules, which were approved by the National Medical Products Administration in
      December 2025, in June 2026.


Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:
—     We expect to receive regulatory approval for the non-invasive Gd-IgA1 diagnostic test in the second half of 2026, with the
      aim of providing IgAN patients with a tool to facilitate disease diagnosis and monitor disease progression without the need for
      biopsy.


Civorebrutinib (EVER001) is a next-generation covalent reversible Bruton’s tyrosine kinase (BTK) inhibitor with potential best-
in-class characteristics for the treatment of autoimmune kidney diseases such as primary membranous nephropathy (pMN),
IgA nephropathy (IgAN), minimal change disease (MCD), focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS), and lupus nephritis (LN).
Compared with irreversible covalent BTK inhibitors, civorebrutinib offers improved selectivity while maintaining high potency,
potentially avoiding many of the side effects associated with earlier-generation BTK inhibitors.


—     In June 2026, Everest entered into an exclusive licensing and collaboration agreement with Travere Therapeutics, Inc. (“Travere
      Therapeutics”) for the development and commercialization of civorebrutinib (EVER001) outside China and certain countries in
      East and Southeast Asia. The collaboration is intended to accelerate the global development and potential commercialization
      of civorebrutinib across multiple immune-mediated kidney diseases, including primary membranous nephropathy (pMN), focal
      segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS) and minimal change disease (MCD).


—     In June 2026, positive 52-week Phase 1b/2a data for EVER001 in pMN were presented orally​at the 63rd European Renal
      Association (ERA 2026) Congress.




                                                                                                                                        5
    Business Highlights




    Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:
    —     In July 2026, Everest announced the closing of its previously announced exclusive licensing and collaboration agreement
          with Travere Therapeutics for the development and commercialization of civorebrutinib. Everest and Travere Therapeutics will
          discuss next-stage clinical development for the product.


    MT1013 is a first-in-class dual-targeting receptor agonist polypeptide for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism (SHPT).
    In February 2026, Everest entered into a licensing agreement with Micot to commercialize MT1013 in China and Asia-Pacific
    (excluding Japan). MT1013 simultaneously targets the calcium-sensing receptor (CaSR) and the osteogenic growth peptide (OGP)
    receptor, expanding Everest’s renal portfolio into dialysis-related complications and supporting efficient utilization of the Company’s
    established nephrology commercial platform. Data indicate that the global population of patients with CKD has increased from
    905.2 million in 2019 to 1.1 billion in 2024 and is projected to exceed 1.2 billion by 2030 and 1.5 billion by 2035. Over the same
    period, the number of patients with SHPT also continued to increase and is expected to reach approximately 189.9 million by 2030
    and 221.7 million by 2035, highlighting a substantial and growing unmet medical need.


    —     In April 2026, the pivotal Phase III study of MT1013 achieved full patient enrollment. This multicenter, randomized, double-
          blind, double-dummy trial evaluates the efficacy and safety of MT1013 against cinacalcet in subjects with SHPT undergoing
          maintenance hemodialysis.


    Bejescin® (MIL62, Obinutuzumab beta Injection) is a novel third-generation anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody with potential
    applications across nephrology and autoimmune diseases. In February 2026, Bejescin® was approved in China for the treatment of
    neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder (NMOSD), becoming the first CD20-targeted antibody approved globally for this indication
    and the first domestically developed therapy approved in China for NMOSD. The New Drug Application for primary membranous
    nephropathy (pMN) is currently under Priority Review by the NMPA, with the potential to become the first approved targeted therapy
    for pMN worldwide. Bejescin® is also being evaluated in Phase III clinical trials for systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and follicular
    lymphoma (FL), providing multiple opportunities for future indication expansion.


    —     In June 2026, Everest entered into a commercialization license agreement with Mabworks for Bejescin®, obtaining exclusive
          rights for the clinical development and commercialization of the product across the Asia-Pacific region. The collaboration
          strengthens Everest’s presence in nephrology and autoimmune diseases across the Asia-Pacific region and creates synergies
          with its existing nephrology portfolio. Leveraging its established and proven clinical development and commercialization
          capabilities, the company aims to advance the development of Bejescin® and support its launch in the Asia-Pacific region,
          while furthering its long-term strategy in the global innovative medicines market.


    DMX-200 is a small molecule inhibitor of chemokine receptor 2 (CCR2) being developed for the treatment of focal segmental
    glomerulosclerosis (FSGS), a rare and serious kidney disorder characterized by progressive loss of kidney function. DMX-200 has
    received Orphan Drug Designation from both the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Medicines Agency
    (EMA). The product is currently being evaluated in ACTION3, a pivotal (Phase 3), multi-centre, randomized, double-blind, placebo-
    controlled study of the efficacy and safety of DMX-200 in patients with FSGS who are receiving a stable dose of an angiotensin II
    receptor blocker (ARB).




6          Everest Medicines Limited           Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                    Business Highlights




—     In June 2026, Everest entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with Dimerix Limited for the development and
      commercialization of DMX-200 in Greater China, South Korea and certain Southeast Asian countries (Singapore, Malaysia,
      Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and Philippines). The collaboration further strengthens Everest’s nephrology portfolio and
      pipeline synergies, reinforcing the Company’s strategic position in kidney and autoimmune diseases.


AUTOIMMUNE DISEASE PORTFOLIO
VELSIPITY® (etrasimod) is a once-daily, oral, sphingosine 1-phosphate (S1P) receptor modulator that selectively binds with
S1P receptor subtypes 1, 4, and 5. VELSIPITY® is approved for the treatment of ulcerative colitis (UC) in the United States,
European Union, Canada, Japan, Australia, Singapore, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Israel, Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR,
Chinese Mainland and South Korea. Mucosal healing is an important treatment goal in ulcerative colitis, as it is associated with
improved long-term disease outcomes. By modulating lymphocyte trafficking and reducing intestinal inflammation, VELSIPITY® has
demonstrated a favorable efficacy and safety profile while offering the convenience of a once-daily oral treatment option. VELSIPITY®
has been recommended as a first-line advanced therapy option for moderately to severely active UC in treatment guidelines issued
by the American Gastroenterological Association (AGA) and the American College of Gastroenterology (ACG).


—     In February 2026, China’s National Medical Products Administration approved VELSIPITY® for the treatment of adult patients
      with moderately to severely active UC who have had an inadequate response to, lost response to, or were intolerant to either
      conventional therapy or a biologic agent. As a next-generation selective S1P receptor modulator, VELSIPITY® is an oral, once-
      daily therapy designed to support rapid onset of action and durable clinical remission, as well as mucosal healing, in this
      patient population.


—     In March 2026, Everest announced the commercial launch of VELSIPITY® in Chinese Mainland, highlighted by the issuance
      of the first prescription at The First Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-sen University, marking a milestone in patient access in the
      region.


—     In May 2026, Everest announced that South Korea’s Ministry of Food and Drug Safety (MFDS) approved VELSIPITY®
      (etrasimod) for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active UC. The approval marked the fifth market approval
      for VELSIPITY® in Everest’s licensed territories, following approvals in Macao SAR, Singapore, Hong Kong SAR and Chinese
      Mainland.


Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:
—     We expect to receive NDA approval in China Taiwan in the second half of 2026.


—     We plan to participate in NRDL negotiations for VELSIPITY® in the second half of 2026.




                                                                                                                                           7
    Business Highlights




    CARDIOVASCULAR-METABOLIC PORTFOLIO
    Everest expanded into cardiovascular disease through strategic business development initiatives, including agreements with
    Hasten Biopharmaceutical in December 2025 and subsequent acquisitions and licensing transactions completed in 2026. The
    cardiovascular-metabolic portfolio includes a mix of mature, revenue-generating products (Blopress ®, Edarbi®, Basen®) supported
    through a commercialization services arrangement, as well as innovative late-stage assets including LEROCHOL™ (lerodalcibep-
    liga), an FDA-approved PCSK9 inhibitor licensed for development and commercialization in Greater China, CARDAMYST® (etripamil)
    nasal spray for episodic cardiovascular conditions, and Sumecigrel, a next-generation oral P2Y12 receptor antagonist for the
    prevention and treatment of atherothrombotic diseases. These assets leverage Everest’s existing commercial platform and support
    the Company’s strategy to build a diversified cardiovascular franchise across Greater China and the broader Asia-Pacific region.


    LEROCHOL™ (lerodalcibep-liga) is a novel, small protein-binding, third-generation PCSK9 inhibitor developed as a convenient,
    once-monthly, single small-volume subcutaneous injection with extended room temperature stability of up to three months. These
    features make LEROCHOL™ a differentiated alternative to other PCSK9 inhibitors. In the comprehensive global Phase 3 LIBerate
    clinical trial program, LEROCHOL™ demonstrated sustained LDL-C reductions of ≥60% in patients with, or at very-high or high
    risk of, cardiovascular disease (CVD), and 59% in those with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HeFH). In December
    2025, LEROCHOL™ received U.S. FDA approval as an adjunct to diet and exercise to reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol
    (LDL-C) in adults with hypercholesterolemia, including HeFH. Everest holds exclusive development and commercialization rights to
    lerodalcibep in Greater China.


    —     In March 2026, Everest presented two studies on LEROCHOL® (lerodalcibep-liga) at the American College of Cardiology
          Annual Scientific Session (ACC.26), including results from the Phase 3 LIBerate-CN study in Chinese patients with
          hypercholesterolemia, including heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HeFH), and a 72-week open-label extension
          study evaluating long-term efficacy and safety. The presentations marked the first disclosure of Phase 3 clinical data from
          China and further supported the efficacy and safety profile of lerodalcibep in patients requiring additional LDL-C reduction.


    —     In June 2026, China’s NMPA accepted the Biologics License Application (BLA) for LEROCHOL® for subcutaneous use as
          an adjunct to diet and exercise to reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in adults with hypercholesterolemia,
          including heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HeFH).




8          Everest Medicines Limited           Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                     Business Highlights




CARDAMYST® (etripamil) Nasal Spray is a novel calcium channel blocker developed by Milestone Pharmaceuticals Inc. It is
designed as a rapid-response therapy for episodic cardiovascular conditions. As a self-administered nasal spray, etripamil has
the potential to shift treatment from emergency department-based care to a patient-managed setting. In May 2021, JIXING (now
CORXEL) and Milestone entered into an exclusive license agreement for the development and commercialization of investigational
drug etripamil for PSVT and other cardiovascular indications in Greater China. In December 2025, CARDAMYST® was approved
by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), becoming the first and only self-administered nasal spray in more than 30 years
capable of converting paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (PSVT) to sinus rhythm in adults. Etripamil is also being evaluated
for the treatment of atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response (Afib-RVR), representing a potential opportunity for future label
expansion.


—     In March 2026, Everest announced that it had entered into an asset purchase agreement with Corxel Pharmaceuticals
      Hong Kong Limited. Under the agreement, the Company acquired the rights to develop, manufacture, and commercialize
      CARDAMYST® (etripamil) nasal spray in Greater China, including Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and Taiwan
      region. This transaction is expected to further expand the Company’s innovative product portfolio, strengthen its presence in
      cardiovascular, and enhance overall strategic synergies across its business.


Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:
—     The NDA for CARDAMYST® (etripamil) nasal spray was accepted by China’s NMPA in January 2025 and is expected to
      receive approval for PSVT in the third quarter of 2026.


Sumecigrel (formerly known as Vicagrel) is a next-generation oral P2Y12 receptor antagonist being developed for the treatment
and prevention of atherothrombotic events, including acute coronary syndrome (ACS), ischemic stroke (IS) and peripheral arterial
disease (PAD). The molecular design of Sumecigrel targets the black box warning associated with clopidogrel resistance by
optimizing the metabolic pathway of clopidogrel while retaining its active metabolite, aiming to achieve a better balance between
therapeutic benefits and bleeding risks. Sumecigrel has demonstrated favorable efficacy and safety in clinical studies and has
completed Phase I, Phase II, China-U.S. PK/PD bridging studies and Phase III clinical trials. Sumecigrel possesses Best-in-Class
potential and is expected to address the increasingly personalized demands for antithrombotic therapy.


—     In June 2026, Everest entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with Jiangsu Vcare PharmaTech Co., Ltd. for the
      development, registration and commercialization of Sumecigrel across the Asia-Pacific region, including Southeast Asia,
      South Korea, Australia, Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and Taiwan region. The collaboration further strengthens Everest’s
      cardiovascular portfolio and supports the Company’s strategy to expand its presence across the Asia-Pacific region.




                                                                                                                                             9
     Business Highlights




     CRITICAL CARE PORTFOLIO
     Following the strategic collaboration with Hasten, Everest also expanded its critical care portfolio, strengthening its presence in
     hospital settings and further leveraging its established commercial infrastructure. In anti-infectives, the portfolio includes XERAVA®,
     Rocephin® (ceftriaxone) and cefepime-taniborbactam, addressing a broad range of bacterial infections from mild to moderate to
     severe, as well as infections caused by multidrug-resistant bacteria. XERAVA ® serves as the Company’s cornerstone hospital-
     based anti-infective, complementing widely used essential medicines such as Rocephin®, a third-generation cephalosporin included
     in China’s National Essential Medicines List. The critical care portfolio also includes therapies such as Stilamin® (somatostatin)
     for the management of acute gastrointestinal bleeding and Ebrantil® (urapidil) for rapid blood pressure control, supporting the
     comprehensive care of critically ill patients.


     XERAVA® (eravacycline) is a novel, fully synthetic, broad-spectrum, fluorocycline, parenteral antibiotic of the tetracycline class
     that has shown broad in vitro activity against Gram-negative, Gram-positive and anaerobic pathogens, including those pathogens
     that have acquired multidrug resistance (MDR) and are prevalent in China. XERAVA® is currently approved for the treatment of
     complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI) in the US, EU, UK, Singapore, Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong SAR, and Taiwan region.


     Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:
     —         We expect to initiate NRDL negotiations for XERAVA® in the second half of 2026 and advance local production plans.


     OPHTHALMOLOGY PORTFOLIO
     Everest’s ophthalmology portfolio includes innovative therapies targeting significant unmet medical needs in retinal diseases and
     vision correction. The portfolio currently comprises VIS-101, a novel bifunctional biologic targeting VEGF-A and ANG-2 for the
     treatment of retinal vascular diseases, and LNZ100, a once-daily prescription eye drop for the treatment of presbyopia. Through
     strategic business development and clinical development initiatives, Everest is building a differentiated ophthalmology franchise with
     the potential to address large patient populations across Greater China and selected Asian markets.


     VIS-101 is a novel bifunctional biologic targeting both vascular endothelial growth factor-A (VEGF-A) and angiopoietin-2 (ANG-
     2) for the treatment of retinal vascular diseases, including wet age-related macular degeneration (wAMD), diabetic macular edema
     (DME) and retinal vein occlusion (RVO). Everest acquired exclusive rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize VIS-101 in
     Greater China and selected Asian markets in October 2025 from Visara, Inc., a subsidiary of NovaBridge Biosciences. VIS-101 has
     completed initial safety and dose-escalation studies in both the U.S. and China, and is currently advancing through Phase II clinical
     trials.


     —         In March 2026, positive topline results from the Phase IIa for VIS-101 in wet-aged macular degeneration demonstrated rapid,
               robust and durable treatment responses, including mean BCVA improvements of >10 ETDRS letters and a favorable safety
               profile.




10             Everest Medicines Limited              Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                  Business Highlights




Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:
—     We expect to initiate a Phase IIb dose-determining study of VIS-101 in patients with wet age-related macular degeneration in
      the second half of 2026.


LNZ100 (aceclidine ophthalmic solution 1.44%; U.S. brand name VIZZ) is a once-daily prescription eye drop for the treatment
of presbyopia. Aceclidine is a small-molecule acetylcholine receptor agonist that induces pupil constriction (miosis), creating a
pinhole effect that improves near vision while minimizing the impact on distance vision. LNZ100 received U.S. FDA approval in July
2025 and was commercially launched in the United States in October 2025. In China, the New Drug Application (NDA) for LNZ100
was submitted in September 2025 with approval expected in the first half of 2027. LNZ100 has the potential to address a significant
unmet medical need in China and further strengthen Everest’s ophthalmology portfolio.


—     In June 2026, Everest entered into an asset purchase agreement with Corxel Pharmaceuticals Limited, acquiring the rights
      to develop, manufacture and commercialize LNZ100 in Greater China, including Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong SAR, Macao
      SAR and Taiwan region. The acquisition further strengthens Everest’s ophthalmology portfolio and expands its portfolio of
      innovative therapies addressing significant unmet medical needs.


mRNA PLATFORM
As an important part of Everest’s “dual-engine” strategy, Everest has built an industry-leading, fully integrated, and localized
AI+mRNA platform that accelerates mRNA product development in mRNA therapeutic cancer vaccines and the in vivo mRNA
CAR-T platform.


Among our mRNA cancer vaccines, EVM16 is built upon a proprietary AI-based neoantigen prediction algorithm, EVER-NEO-1, and
the third generation mRNA sequence optimization model. mRNA sequences encoding each patient’s tumor-specific neoantigens
are encapsulated into lipid nanoparticles (LNP) and administered to the patient to elicit an antigen specific T cell immune response.
Preclinical studies of EVM16 in mouse tumor models demonstrated efficacy and synergistic effects when combined with a PD-1
antibody.


EVM14, an off-the-shelf therapeutic mRNA cancer vaccine, targets five tumor-associated antigens and is applicable across multiple
types of squamous cell carcinomas. Preclinical studies have demonstrated its potential to induce immune memory and reduce
tumor recurrence. EVM14 has received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Investigational New Drug (IND) clearance and
IND approval from China’s NMPA, making it Everest’s first internally developed therapeutic mRNA cancer vaccine to obtain IND
approvals in both the U.S. and China.


EVM15, an off-the-shelf immunomodulatory (IM) cancer vaccine designed to address immunosuppressive tumor biology and
enhance antitumor immune responses, achieved preclinical proof of concept in 2025.




                                                                                                                                        11
     Business Highlights




     EVM18, the first product from Everest’s mRNA in vivo CAR-T platform, can be developed for both cancer and autoimmune
     diseases, and is built upon its proprietary targeted lipid nanoparticle (tLNP) delivery system with promising results demonstrated in
     both humanized mouse models and non-human primates. The in vivo CAR-T platform offers key advantages over traditional CAR-T
     therapy including off-the-shelf availability, lymphodepletion-free administration, and dose control. EVM18 has achieved preclinical
     candidate selection and initiated IIT clinical development.


     —     In April 2026, Everest presented first-in-human clinical data for EVM16 at the American Association for Cancer Research
           Annual Meeting (AACR 2026). The results demonstrated a favorable safety and tolerability profile, robust immunogenicity and
           promising preliminary efficacy in patients with advanced solid tumors. No dose-limiting toxicities were observed, and EVM16
           elicited strong neoantigen-specific T cell responses in 8 of 9 evaluable patients, supporting its further clinical development.


     Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:
     —     We plan to initiate an IIT phase 1b for EVM16 in the fourth quarter of 2026.


     —     We plan to complete first patient enrollment in the EVM14 combination IIT in the fourth quarter of 2026.


     —     We plan to pursue global IND filing for EVM18 in the second half of 2026.


     —     We plan to advance IND preparation work for EVM15 in 2026.


     KEY CORPORATE DEVELOPMENTS
     —     In April 2026, Everest entered into a share purchase agreement to acquire Hasten Biopharmaceuticals (SG) Pte. Ltd., a
           commercial-stage pharmaceutical company with rights to 14 marketed chronic disease products across the Asia-Pacific
           region. The acquisition is expected to accelerate the Company’s regional expansion strategy by adding an established
           commercialization platform, strengthening its presence in key Asia-Pacific markets, and supporting the commercialization of
           both existing and future products outside Chinese Mainland.


     —     In May 2026, Mr. Wei Fu, a non-executive Director, Honorary Chairman of the Board and substantial shareholder of the
           Company, and CBC Group, a substantial shareholder of the Company, increased their shareholdings in Everest Medicines
           through open-market purchases. Since December 2025, CBC Group and the Directors have purchased more than 5.163
           million shares for a total consideration of more than HK$172.5 million, reflecting their confidence in the Company’s future
           prospects and long-term development.


     For details of any of the foregoing, please refer to the rest of this interim report and, where applicable, the Company’s prior
     announcements.




12          Everest Medicines Limited            Interim Report 2026
                                                                                      Financial Highlights



IFRS NUMBERS
•   Revenue for the six months ended 30 June 2026 increased by RMB701.7 million, or 157.3%, to RMB1,147.8 million,
    compared with RMB446.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025.


    The revenue growth was mainly attributable to sustained robust sales growth of NEFECON®, together with service revenue
    generated under the commercialization service agreement with Hasten.


    For a broader product portfolio, the Company enhances the utilization and productivity of its existing commercial platform, as
    well as strengthens its commercial capabilities and product life-cycle management.


•   Gross profit margin increased from 67.1% for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to 69.6% for the six months ended 30
    June 2026. The improvement in gross profit margin was attributable to the Group’s sustained initiatives to enhance supply
    chain efficiency and production localization. Excluding the amortization of intangible assets, the gross profit margin decreased
    from 76.4% for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to 73.7% for the six months ended 30 June 2026.


•   R&D expenses for the six months ended 30 June 2026 amounted to RMB256.1 million, increasing from RMB195.2 million for
    the six months ended 30 June 2025.


    The Company is actively advancing core proprietary mRNA platform and platform-derived key programs, including EVM18
    CAR-T and EVM16 PCV, thereby facilitating ongoing preclinical and clinical development.


    Meanwhile, capitalizing on the established CMC capabilities, the Company continues to advance manufacturing qualifications
    and scale up production capacity.


    Building on this progress, the Company is strengthening its pipeline and end-to-end development capabilities to sustain
    momentum and deliver critical development milestones.


•   General and administrative expenses increased by RMB37.8 million, from RMB110.8 million for the six months ended 30
    June 2025 to RMB148.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026. This increase is attributable to the Group’s ongoing
    business expansion and development strategy.


•   Distribution and selling expenses increased by RMB142.8 million from RMB314.7 million for the six months ended 30 June
    2025 to RMB457.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026. The increase was primarily driven by the scaling up
    commercial team headcount to deliver sustained growth across broader markets and new regions through an enriched
    product pipeline, alongside enhanced commercial efficiency.




                                                                                                                                       13
     Financial Highlights




     •   The ratio of total operating expenses (including general and administrative expenses, research and development expenses,
         and distribution and selling expenses) to revenue decreased by 64.0 percentage points, reflecting the Company’s strong
         revenue growth and enhanced overall cost efficiency.


     •   Net loss for the period decreased by RMB243.9 million from RMB249.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to
         RMB5.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026. The decrease was primarily attributable to (i) strong product revenue
         growth, (ii) improved operational efficiency, (iii) fair value gain from the financial assets investment of Micot.


     •   Cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits amounted to RMB1,858.8 million as of 30 June 2026.


     NON-IFRS MEASURE
     •   Adjusted profit/(loss) for the period1 turned a loss of RMB146.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to a profit of
         RMB97.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, increasing by RMB244.1 million, primarily excluding the non-cash
         expenses of share-based compensation and amortization of intangible assets.




     1
         Adjusted profit/(loss) for the period represents the profit/(loss) for the period attributable to the equity holders of the Company excluding the effect of certain non-
         cash items and one-time events, namely the share-based compensation loss, impairment loss on intangible assets, impairment loss on property, plant and
         equipment, intangible assets amortization. For the calculation and reconciliation of this non-IFRS measure, please refer to the paragraph numbered 14 under the
         heading “Financial Review” below.




14        Everest Medicines Limited                      Interim Report 2026
                                           Management Discussion and Analysis



OVERVIEW
Everest Medicines is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development, manufacturing and commercialization
of innovative pharmaceutical products that address critical unmet medical needs for patients in global markets. Since its founding
in 2017, the Company has built a diversified portfolio of commercial products and clinical-stage assets, with therapeutic areas
now spanning nephrology, cardiometabolic, critical care, ophthalmology and immunology/oncology (mRNA cancer vaccines). The
Company has established a fully integrated commercialization platform that combines omnichannel sales capabilities with end-to-
end product lifecycle management. Leveraging its proprietary mRNA platform, the Company continues to advance its internally
developed pipeline while accelerating its global expansion.


The first half of 2026 marked continued execution of our 2030 Strategy through significant business development activity and
expansion of our presence across the Asia-Pacific region. During the period, we strengthened our portfolio through multiple strategic
in-licensing transactions, expanded our regional commercialization platform through the acquisition of Hasten Biopharmaceuticals
(SG) Pte. Ltd., and successfully executed our first out-licensing transaction for a product with global rights. Our core commercial
product, NEFECON®, entered its second year of national reimbursement coverage, sustaining strong sales volume growth. We
also continued to advance our commercial portfolio, clinical pipeline and proprietary mRNA platform. Together, these achievements
further strengthened our commercial platform, diversified our portfolio and expanded our opportunities for future value creation.


Since December 2025, controlling shareholder CBC Group and the Directors have purchased approximately 5.2 million shares for
a total consideration of more than HK$172.5 million, reflecting their confidence in the Company’s future prospects and long-term
development.




                                                                                                                                        15
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Business Development and Overall Strategy
     In December 2025, Everest announced the launch of its 2030 Strategy, outlining a comprehensive five-year roadmap to drive
     sustainable growth. Under this strategy, the Company aims to maximize the value of its commercial platform, further deepen its
     product pipeline, and advance the globalization of its research and development (“R&D”) and commercialization capabilities. By
     leveraging the commercialization of existing assets, strategic business development partnerships and in-house R&D, the Company
     seeks to strengthen its leadership in core therapeutic areas, build a high-value commercial product portfolio, and establish a globally
     competitive biopharmaceutical company with sustainable growth.


     In the first half of 2026, the Company continued to execute its 2030 Strategy by strategically in-licensing innovative assets across its
     core therapeutic areas. The Company entered into an exclusive license agreement with Micot in February to commercialize MT1013
     in China and the Asia-Pacific region (excluding Japan), an asset purchase agreement with Corxel Pharmaceuticals Hong Kong
     Limited in March to acquire the rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize CARDAMYST® (etripamil) nasal spray in Greater
     China, an asset purchase agreement with Corxel Pharmaceuticals Limited in June to develop, manufacture and commercialize
     LNZ100 (1.44% aceclidine, U.S. brand name VIZZ) in Greater China, and an exclusive licensing agreement with Australia Dimerix
     Limited in June for the development and commercialization of DMX-200 in Greater China, South Korea and certain Southeast Asian
     countries. These transactions strengthened the Company’s presence across its core therapeutic areas, expanded its portfolio of
     innovative assets and reinforced its long-term growth strategy.


     In addition to expanding its pipeline through strategic in-licensing and acquisition activities, the Company advanced its global
     partnership strategy. In June 2026, the Company entered into an exclusive licensing and collaboration agreement with Travere
     Therapeutics for the development and commercialization of civorebrutinib (EVER001) in all markets outside China and certain
     countries in East and Southeast Asia. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company received an upfront payment of
     US$112.5 million and is eligible to receive up to approximately US$1 billion in additional clinical development, regulatory and
     commercial milestone payments across up to five indications, as well as tiered royalties on future sales in the licensed territories.
     The collaboration combines Everest’s innovation capabilities with Travere Therapeutics’s expertise in the development and
     commercialization of therapies for rare kidney diseases and is expected to accelerate the global development and potential
     commercialization of civorebrutinib while expanding its clinical and commercial potential in immune-mediated kidney diseases.


     Looking ahead, the Company will continue to pursue differentiated, high-quality innovative assets that complement its strategic
     focus, expand its commercial portfolio and further enrich its pipeline. At the same time, the Company will also pursue global
     collaboration opportunities, particularly across its mRNA platform portfolio.




16          Everest Medicines Limited            Interim Report 2026
                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




M&A and Asia-Pacific Expansion
In April 2026, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement with Hasten Biopharmaceuticals (Asia) Limited to acquire the
entire equity interest in Hasten Biopharmaceuticals (SG) Pte. Ltd. The acquisition complemented the Company’s existing pipeline,
unlocked significant synergies between its product portfolio and commercialization capabilities, and further expanded the scale
and breadth of its business across the Asia-Pacific region. Through the acquisition, the Company gained a mature pan-Asia-Pacific
commercialization platform with rights to 14 branded chronic disease products, enabling Everest to extend the commercialization
capabilities it had already built and validated in China into the Asia-Pacific region. Together with the Company’s existing portfolio,
including NEFECON®, VELSIPITY® and XERAVA®, the acquisition is expected to accelerate commercialization of both existing and
future products in Asian markets, support a faster ramp-up in overseas revenue contribution, and represent an important step in the
Company’s broader regional expansion strategy.


Building on its expanded regional commercialization platform, the Company further strengthened its Asia-Pacific portfolio through
additional licensing transactions. In June 2026, the Company entered into a commercialization license agreement with Beijing
Mabworks Biotech Co., Ltd. (“Mabworks”), obtaining exclusive rights for the clinical development and commercialization of Bejescin®
(MIL62, Obinutuzumab beta Injection) across the Asia-Pacific region, including Southeast Asia, India, South Korea, Australia, New
Zealand, Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and Taiwan region. The Company also entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with
Jiangsu Vcare PharmaTech Co., Ltd. (“Vcare PharmaTech”) for the development, registration and commercialization of Sumecigrel
(formerly known as Vicagrel) across the Asia-Pacific region, including Southeast Asia, South Korea, Australia, Hong Kong SAR,
Macao SAR and Taiwan region. These transactions expanded the Company’s regional product portfolio and are expected to create
additional synergies with its commercialization platform across the Asia-Pacific region.


Pipeline Outlook
Everest Medicines has developed a robust, diversified, and advancing product pipeline spanning nephrology, cardiometabolic,
critical care, ophthalmology and immunology/oncology (mRNA cancer vaccines). The pipeline is supported by a combination of in-
licensed assets and internally developed programs, including potentially first-in-class and best-in-class candidates. These programs
encompass short-term, mid-term and long-term opportunities that are collectively expected to drive meaningful revenue growth and
create long-term value for shareholders.




                                                                                                                                         17
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     The following table summarizes our key pipeline and the development status of each drug and vaccine candidate as of the Latest
     Practicable Date.

                                                                                          Stage (China)
      Therapeutic                                                                                                                      Stage (ex-
                          Product              Indication                                                                                                  Partner       Rights Territories
      Area                                                            Pre-clinical   Phase I   Phase II   Phase III   NDA   Approval     China)


                                                                                                                                       Approved in                      Greater China, South
                        NEFECON®        IgAN                    Approved                                                                                 Asahi KASEI
                                                                                                                                       US, EU                           Korea, Singapore

                                        SHPT in CKD patients                                                                                                            Greater China, Selected
                        MT1013                                  Phase III                                                              Phase I           Micot
                                        on hemodialysis                                                                                                                 APAC countries

                                                                                                                                                                        Greater China, South
                        DMX-200         FSGS                    Phase III                                                              Phase III         Dimerix
      Nephrology                                                                                                                                                        Korea, SE Asia

                                        pMN                     Phase Ib/IIa                                                                             TRAVERE /      Greater China, Selected
                        EVER001                                                                                                        To be initiated   EVOPOINT /     East & South Asian
                                        IgAN / FSGS / MCD       Phase II                                                                                 SINOMAB        countries



                        MIL62           pMN                     Approved                                                               To be initiated   Mabworks       Selected APAC regions

                                                                                                                                       Approved in
                        CARDAMYST®      PSVT                    NDA                                                                                      Milestone      Greater China
                                                                                                                                       US
                                        Adult                                                                                          Approved in       LIB
      Cardiometabolic   LEROCHOL®                               BLA                                                                                                     Greater China
                                        Hypercholesterolemia                                                                           US                Therapeutics

                        Sumecigrel      ACS                     NDA                                                                    Pre-NDA           Vcare          Selected APAC regions

                                                                                                                                       Approved in                      Greater China, South
                        XERAVA®         cIAI                    Approved                                                                                 INNOVIVA
      Critical                                                                                                                         US, EU                           Korea, SE Asia
      Care              Cefepime-                                                                                                      Priority review                  Greater China, South
                                        cUTI                    Pre-NDA                                                                                  Venatorx
                        taniborbactam                                                                                                  granted in US                    Korea, SE Asia

                                                                                                                                       Approved in
                        VIZZ®           Presbyopia              NDA                                                                                      LENZ           Greater China
                                                                                                                                       US
      Ophthalmology
                                                                                                                                                         AskGene /      Greater China, South
                        VIS-101         nAMD                    Phase IIb                                                              Phase I
                                                                                                                                                         NovaBridge     Korea, SE Asia

                                                                                                                                       Approved in                      Greater China, South
                        VELSIPITY®      UC                      Approved                                                                                 Pfizer
                                                                                                                                       US, EU                           Korea, Singapore

                                        NMOSD                   Approved


                        MIL62           FL                      Phase III                                                              To be initiated   Mabworks       Selected APAC regions


                                        SLE                     Phase II/III
      Immunology/
      Oncology                          Oncology &
                        EVM18                                   IIT                                                                    Pre-IND           In-house       Global
                                        Immunology

                        EVM16           Oncology                IIT                                                                    To be initiated   In-house       Global


                        EVM14           Oncology                Phase I                                                                Phase I           In-house       Global


                        EVM15           Oncology                Pre-IND                                                                Pre-IND           In-house       Global



     Abbreviations: IgAN=Immunoglobulin A Nephropathy; SHPT=Secondary Hyperparathyroidism; CKD=Chronic Kidney Disease; PMN=Primary Membranous Nephropathy;
     FSGS=Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis; MCD=Minimal Change Disease; PSVT=Paroxysmal Supraventricular Tachycardia; ACS=Acute Coronary Syndrome;
     cIAI=complicated Intra-abdominal Infections; cUTI=complicated Urinary Tract Infections; nAMD=neovascular Age-related Macular Degeneration; UC=Ulcerative Colitis;
     NMOSD=Neuromyelitis Optica Spectrum Disorders; FL=Follicular Lymphoma; SLE=Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Greater China=Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong SAR,
     Macau SAR and Taiwan; APAC=Asia-Pacific; SE Asia=Southeast Asia




18               Everest Medicines Limited                     Interim Report 2026
                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




In the first half of 2026, we continued to advance our pipeline across multiple therapeutic areas, achieving meaningful progress
across late-stage clinical programs and internally developed platforms, while further strengthening the breadth and maturity of our
portfolio.


Within our clinical-stage renal portfolio, 52-week Phase 1b/2a data for civorebrutinib (EVER001) in primary membranous
nephropathy (pMN) were presented at the 63rd European Renal Association Congress (ERA 2026), further supporting its potential
across autoimmune kidney diseases. Building on these results, we initiated a basket study evaluating civorebrutinib in focal
segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS), minimal change disease (MCD) and IgA nephropathy (IgAN) in China. During the second half
of 2026, we plan to collaborate with Travere Therapeutics on global development plans for civorebrutinib following completion of the
transaction.


We also continued to advance several previously acquired late-stage programs. During the Reporting Period, results from the China
Phase 3 clinical trial of Lerodalcibep were presented at the American College of Cardiology Annual Scientific Session (ACC.26),
demonstrating the potential of Lerodalcibep to achieve sustained reductions in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels
in Chinese patients with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) or at very-high or high risk for ASCVD in China, with a
favorable tolerability and safety profile. Its China NDA was accepted by the NMPA in June 2026. In ophthalmology, positive Phase
IIa topline results from the VIS-101 study in wet age-related macular degeneration were announced by our licensing partner,
NovaBridge Biosciences, supporting advancement into a Phase IIb study expected to begin in the second half of 2026. In addition,
CARDAMYST® (etripamil) nasal spray is expected to receive regulatory approval in China in the third quarter of 2026.


Among our internally developed mRNA programs, first-in-human clinical data for our personalized mRNA cancer vaccine, EVM16,
were presented at the 2026 American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting (AACR 2026), demonstrating a favorable
safety profile, robust immunogenicity and promising preliminary efficacy. Based on the findings from the Phase Ia study, new
expansion cohorts are initiated to explore efficacy across additional indications. During the fourth quarter of 2026, we also plan
to initiate an IIT Phase Ib study of EVM16. For our off-the-shelf tumor-associated antigen (TAA) mRNA cancer vaccine, EVM14,
we plan to complete Phase I dose escalation during the first quarter of 2027 following dual IND approvals from the U.S. FDA and
China’s CDE in 2025. In addition, our mRNA in vivo CAR-T program, EVM18, initiated IIT study on autoimmune indication during the
Reporting Period, while we continue to advance global IND filing activities.




                                                                                                                                       19
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Commercialization
     Following NEFECON®’s achievement as the first non-oncology drug to surpass RMB1 billion in revenue during its first year of
     NRDL inclusion, 2026 marks another important year for NEFECON®, which remains the only NRDL-listed medicine approved for
     the treatment of IgAN in China. As the first-line foundational treatment for IgA nephropathy to receive full approval in China, with
     recommendations from both Chinese and international clinical guidelines, NEFECON® continues to deliver robust sales momentum.
     During the first half of the year, we expanded our commercial footprint by increasing coverage to approximately 1,900 core hospitals
     and initiated cooperation with contract sales organizations (CSOs) in non-core markets, covering more than 90% of the addressable
     market potential. We also plan to expand our sales force to more than 300 representatives and continue to promote our “Treat
     the Cause, Treat Early, Treat Long-Term” strategy through physician and patient education initiatives and real-world evidence
     generation.


     In the first half of the year, Everest and Hainan Herui entered into a commercialization collaboration relating to Hainan Herui’s
     budesonide enteric capsules, which were approved by the National Medical Products Administration in December 2025. Under
     this collaboration, Hainan Herui’s budesonide enteric capsules will be launched in Chinese Mainland, with Everest responsible
     for commercialization. Everest will also provide technical guidance and conduct quality audits of Hainan Herui’s manufacturing
     and supply processes. This collaboration is expected to enhance patient access to the combined NEFECON® and Hainan Herui
     budesonide franchise.


     Furthermore, more than 40 research papers on NEFECON® have been published in authoritative medical journals and presented at
     major international academic conferences, including:


      Title                                                                 Conference/Publication                                Date


      Nefecon in IgA nephropathy: real-world renal efficacy,                International Urology and Nephrology             Jan 2026
        safety profile,and treatment response from a 9-month
        retrospective cohort analysis
      Efficacy and safety of Nefecon in IgA nephropathy:                    Frontiers in Immunology                          Jan 2026
        real world clinical practice
      Delayed-release budesonide combined with                              Medicine                                         Jan 2026
        cyclophosphamide in a patient with IgA nephropathy
        with eGFR < 30 mL/min/1.73 m² A case report
      Research Progress of Enteric-Coated Budesonide Capsules in            Chinese Journal of New Drugs and                 Jan 2026
        Primary IgA Nephropathy                                               Clinical Remedies
      Two Cases of IgA Nephropathy Treated with Budesonide Enteric          Chinese Journal of Nephrology                    Feb 2026
        Capsules and Immunosuppressants
      Expert Consensus on 60 Clinical Questions for IgA Nephropathy         Chinese Journal of Nephrology                    Feb 2026
        (2026 Edition)




20            Everest Medicines Limited        Interim Report 2026
                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




Title                                                               Conference/Publication                   Date


Clinical Observation of Mycophenolate Mofetil Combined with         China Pharmacy                      March 2026
  Enteric-Coated Budesonide in the Treatment of High-Risk
  Progressive IgA Nephropathy
Enteric-Coated Budesonide Capsules for the Treatment of IgA         Chinese Journal of Nephrology       March 2026
  Nephropathy Complicated with Acute Kidney Injury:
  A Case Report
Clinical Efficacy of Budesonide Enteric-Coated Capsules in the      World Congress of Nephrology 2026   March 2026
  Treatment of IgA nephropathy with subclassification of focal
  segmental glomerulosclerosis and Analysis of Influencing
  Factors
Clinical Efficacy Observation of Budesonide Enteric-coated          World Congress of Nephrology 2026   March 2026
  Capsules in the Treatment of 53 Cases of IgA Nephropathy:
  An Analysis Based on 6-Month Follow-up Indicators
Real world data of short-term efficacy of Budesonide enteric-       World Congress of Nephrology 2026   March 2026
  coated capsules in treating primary IgA nephropathy from a
  single center
Efficacy and Safety of Budesonide Delayed-Release Capsules          World Congress of Nephrology 2026   March 2026
  Combined with Ambrisentan in the Treatment of IgA
  Nephropathy
Efficacy Evaluation of Budesonide Enteric-Coated Capsules in the    World Congress of Nephrology 2026   March 2026
  Treatment of IgA Nephropathy
Retrospective real-world study of the effectiveness of budesonide   World Congress of Nephrology 2026   March 2026
  enteric-coated capsules in IgA nephropathy
Network Meta-Analysis of Targeted-Release Budesonide                World Congress of Nephrology 2026   March 2026
  (Nefecon) vs. Systemic Glucocorticoids for IgA Nephropathy:
  A Systematic Review of Efficacy and Safety Based on
  Randomized Controlled Trials
Real-World Assessment of Nefecon as First-Line Therapy in IgA       World Congress of Nephrology 2026   March 2026
  Nephropathy: Efficacy and Safety Outcomes
Application of TRF-budesonide (Nefecon) in the treatment of         World Congress of Nephrology 2026   March 2026
  pediatric patient with IgA nephropathy: A case report
A Targeted-Release Formulation of Budesonide in Real-World          World Congress of Nephrology 2026   March 2026
  Follow-Up Study of Patients with IgA Nephropathy




                                                                                                                     21
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Title                                                             Conference/Publication                     Date


     Reshaping the therapeutic landscape of IgA nephropathy:           BMC Nephrology                        April 2026
       a Bayesian network meta-analysis on the comparative efficacy
       and safety of immunosuppressants and targeted agents
     Efficacy and Safety of Budesonide Enteric Capsules Combined       2026 Annual Meeting of the Blood      May 2026
       with Mycophenolate Mofetil in Treating IgA Nephropathy with       Purification Center Branch of the
       Chronic Kidney Disease Stage 3                                    Chinese Hospital Association &
                                                                         Blood Purification Congress
     Efficacy of Nefecon in IgA Nephropathy Patients with 24-Hour      European Renal Association            June 2026
       Urine Protein Excretion of 0.5–1.0 g: A 9-Month Retrospective     Congress 2026
       Study
     Budesonide Combined with Mycophenolate Mofetil Enhances           European Renal Association            June 2026
       Response Rates in IgA Nephropathy: A Real-World Study             Congress 2026
     A 15-Month Nefecon Therapy in IgA Nephropathy: A Propensity       European Renal Association            June 2026
       Score-Matched Study                                               Congress 2026
     Impact of Early Diagnosis and Treatment on the Efficacy of        European Renal Association            June 2026
       Nefecon in Patients with IgA Nephropathy: A Single-Center         Congress 2026
       Follow-Up Study
     Real-World lmpact of Nefecon Combined with Other                  European Renal Association            June 2026
       lmmunosuppressants in Chinese lgAN Patients                       Congress 2026
     Differential Renal Response to Nefecon in IgA Nephropathy:        European Renal Association            June 2026
       A Retrospective Study Stratified by Baseline eGFR                 Congress 2026
     Efficacy and Safety of Nefecon Combined with Mycophenolate        European Renal Association            June 2026
       Mofetil in the Treatment of IgA Nephropathy: Real-World Data      Congress 2026
     Real world study on the efficacy and safety of combination        European Renal Association            June 2026
       therapy of Nefecon and hydroxychloroquine in the treatment of     Congress 2026
       IgA nephropathy
     Real-World Study on Efficacy and Safety of Nefecon in IgA         European Renal Association            June 2026
       Nephropathy                                                       Congress 2026
     Podocyte hypertrophy predicts treatment response to targeted-     European Renal Association            June 2026
       release budesonide ± tacrolimus in IgA nephropathy:               Congress 2026
       a real-world retrospective study
     Effectiveness and Safety of Nefecon in Primary IgA Nephropathy,   European Renal Association            June 2026
       Including the Understudied Subgroup with UPCR < 0.8 g/g: A        Congress 2026
       Real-World Cohort Study




22           Everest Medicines Limited       Interim Report 2026
                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




Title                                                               Conference/Publication           Date


Nefecon as Add-On Therapy in Refractory IgA Nephropathy:            European Renal Association   June 2026
  A Real-World Case Series                                            Congress 2026
Efficacy and Safety of Oral Budesonide Targeted-Release             European Renal Association   June 2026
  Formulation Combined with Ambrisentan in the Treatment of           Congress 2026
  IgA Nephropathy
Real-world data on early treatment of IgA nephropathy patients      European Renal Association   June 2026
  with baseline proteinuria of 0.5-1g/d using Nefecon for             Congress 2026
  9 months
More treatment options: Real-world efficacy and safety of           European Renal Association   June 2026
  Nefecon with or without immunosuppression in patients with          Congress 2026
  IgA nephropathy
Comparative Efficacy of Budesonide Enteric-Coated Capsules          European Renal Association   June 2026
  (Nefecon) in the Management of IgA Nephropathy Stratified by        Congress 2026
  Baseline Proteinuria Levels
Beyond twelve months: Real-world efficacy and safety of Nefecon     European Renal Association   June 2026
  in patients with newly diagnosed IgA nephropathy                    Congress 2026
Early Initiation of targeted-release budesonide in primary IgA      European Renal Association   June 2026
  nephropathy: a multicenter prospective study’s baseline and         Congress 2026
  interim analysis
Early Initiation of Targeted-Release Budesonide in IgA              European Renal Association   June 2026
  Nephropathy: A Multi-Center Prospective Study Design and            Congress 2026
  Baseline Characteristics
Real-World Analysis of Efficacy and Safety of Nefecon Combined      European Renal Association   June 2026
  with Low-Dose Corticosteroids in Reducing Proteinuria Over          Congress 2026
  Three Months in High-Risk Progressive IgA Nephropathy
A Real World Study of Efficacy and Safety of Nefecon in             European Renal Association   June 2026
  IgA Nephropathy Patients with Different Renal Function              Congress 2026
  Stratifications




                                                                                                             23
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     For XERAVA®, we continued to drive penetration across our core hospitals, particularly those with significant market potential,
     while further optimizing the CSO model in non-core markets. During the second half of 2026, we plan to initiate preparations for
     NRDL negotiations and continue advancing local production plans. In the first half of the year, eravacycline was recommended
     by five major clinical guidelines and expert consensus documents, including the Chinese Expert Consensus on Diagnosis,
     Treatment and Prevention of Common Drug-Resistant Bacteria in Intra-Abdominal Infections, the Chinese Guidelines for the Clinical
     Application of Antibacterial Drugs for Febrile Neutropenia (2026), the Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and Management of Post-
     neurosurgical Intracranial Infection (2026), and the Expert Consensus on Microbiological Diagnosis, Prevention, and Treatment of
     Carbapenem‑Resistant Enterobacterales Infections (2026 Edition). Moreover, more than 20 articles on eravacycline were published
     in domestic and international medical journals and presented at international conferences, including:


      Title                                                                  Conference/Publication                Publication Date


      Comparison of clinical efficacy of eravacycline and polymyxin          Northwest Pharmaceutical Journal              Jan 2026
        B in the treatment of carbapenem-resistant Acinetobacter
        baumannii pneumonia
      Clinical outcomes and safety of eravacycline in hematology:            Antimicrobial Agents and                      Feb 2026
        a multicenter, real-world study Outcomes of eravacycline in            Chemotherapy
        hematology
      Comparative in vitro Activity and Clinical Outcomes of                 Infection and Drug Resistance                 Feb 2026
        Eravacycline, Tigecycline, and Omadacycline Against
        Carbapenem-Resistant Acinetobacter baumannii and Klebsiella
        pneumoniae
      Amikacin-eravacycline combination mediates the synergistic             PLOS Pathogen                                 Feb 2026
        elimination of carbapenem-resistant pathogens via in vitro and
        in vivo metabolic reprogramming
      Real-world effectiveness and predictors of treatment failure           Front Cell Infect Microbiol                March 2026
        for eravacycline in patients with Acinetobacter baumannii or
        Klebsiella pneumoniae infections: a multicenter retrospective
        analysis.
      Eravacycline monotherapy and combination therapy against               Frontiers in Microbiology                  March 2026
        KPC-2- and NDM-1-co- producing Klebsiella pneumoniae:
        in vitro and in vivo activity analysis
      Comparative between eravacycline and best available therapy in         International Journal of Infectious          April 2026
        carbapenem-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii HAP/VAP in                Diseases
        China: a retrospective real-world multicenter cohort study




24            Everest Medicines Limited          Interim Report 2026
                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




Title                                                                 Conference/Publication          Publication Date


Multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter spp. bloodstream infections in      BMC Infectious Diseases               May 2026
  hematologic patients: clinical characteristics, genomic features,
  and eravacycline-based combination therapy
Population pharmacokinetic analysis and dosing regimen                Journal of Antimicrobial              May 2026
  optimization of eravacycline in critically ill patients with          Chemotherapy
  carbapenem-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii pneumonia
Clinical experience with eravacycline-based combination therapy       Frontiers in Pharmacology             May 2026
  for carbapenem-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii pneumonia:
  a prospective observational case series
Eravacycline-Cefiderocol Combination Therapy for Carbapenem-          Infection and drug resistance         June 2026
  Resistant Acinetobacter baumannii Infective Endocarditis:
  A Case Report and Brief Review of the Literature
Clinical efficacy and safety of eravacycline-based therapy for        ESCMID Global 2026                    April 2026
  critically ill patients with CRAB- or CRKP-associated HAP/VAP
Comparative between eravacycline and best available therapy in        ESCMID Global 2026                    April 2026
  carbapenem-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii HAP/VAP in
  China: a retrospective multi-centre cohort study
Effectiveness of eravacycline treatment against infection of          ESCMID Global 2026                    April 2026
  A. baumannii andK.pneumoniae: a real-world multi-centre
  retrospective study
Effectiveness and safety of eravacycline for the treatment of         ESCMID Global 2026                    April 2026
  various infections: a Multicenter Real-World Retrospective study
  in China
Clinical outcomes of eravacycline in Chinese patients with            ESCMID Global 2026                    April 2026
  Stenotrophomonasmaltophilia infections: a multi-centre
  observational study
PK/PD-optimised eravacycline for vancomycin-resistant                 ESCMID Global 2026                    April 2026
  Enterococcus faecium in aliver transplant recipient
Efficacy, safety, and population pharmacokinetics of                  ESCMID Global 2026                    April 2026
  eravacycline for carbapenem-resistant organism infections in
  immunocompromised hosts: a multi-centreprospective cohort
  study




                                                                                                                         25
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     In addition, we plan to participate in the 2026 NRDL negotiations in the second half of the year for XERAVA®, while advancing our
     localized production. Concurrently, our CSO partnership for Rocephin® — Hasten’s third-generation cephalosporin — will provide a
     stable revenue stream. As a widely recognized therapy for community-acquired infections, Rocephin® offers strong synergies with
     Xerava®, which targets hospital-acquired infections, creating a highly complementary portfolio.


     For VELSIPITY®, following regulatory approval in Chinese Mainland, the Company achieved issuance of the first prescription within
     21 working days, highlighting our efficient commercial execution. In China, the incidence and prevalence of ulcerative colitis (UC) are
     increasing, with a clear trend toward younger patients. The patient population is projected to grow from approximately 1.0 million
     in 2025 to 1.5 million by 2031. VELSIPITY® offers the potential for rapid onset of action and durable clinical remission and mucosal
     healing through an oral, once-daily regimen for adult patients with moderately to severely active UC. Guided by international
     treatment guidelines, we believe VELSIPITY® has the potential to become an additional blockbuster product beyond NEFECON®.
     On the medical front, etrasimod was included in Asian Pacific Association of Gastroenterology (APAGE) Clinical Practice Guidelines
     on the Use of Small Molecules and IL-23 p19 Inhibitors in Ulcerative Colitis and Crohn’s Disease. In addition, eight new research
     findings were presented at the 21st Congress of the European Crohn’s and Colitis Organisation (ECCO 2026), the 14th Annual
     Meeting of the Asian Organization for Crohn’s and Colitis (AOCC), and in leading Chinese journals.




26          Everest Medicines Limited           Interim Report 2026
                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




 Article                                                                Conference/Publication                  Publication date


 Disease Clearance with Etrasimod in Asian Patients with                ECCO 2026 & AOCC 2026                         2026/2/18
   Moderately to Severely Active Ulcerative Colitis:
   A Post Hoc Analysis of the Phase 3 ENLIGHT UC Trial
 Efficacy of etrasimod in ulcerative colitis patients previously        ECCO 2026 & AOCC 2026                         2026/2/18
   treated with 5-aminosalicylates and/or thiopurines:
   Post hoc results from the phase 3 ENLIGHT UC study
 Disease characteristics and therapeutics of mild-to-moderate           ECCO 2026                                     2026/2/18
   Ulcerative Colitis in China
 Etrasimod for the Treatment of Ulcerative Colitis: A Post-Analysis     AOCC 2026                                     2026/6/26
   of Cardiovascular Adverse Events of Special Interest from the
   Asian Phase 3 ENLIGHT UC Study
 Etrasimod in an Elderly Ulcerative Colitis Patient with Pre-existing   AOCC 2026                                     2026/6/26
   Sinus Bradycardia: A Case Report from the ENLIGHT UC Study
 Etrasimod in the Treatment of Severe Ulcerative Colitis with           AOCC 2026                                     2026/6/26
   Extraintestinal Manifestations: A Case Report from the
   ENLIGHT UC Study
 Can etrasimod effectively treat ulcerative colitis-associated          AOCC 2026                                     2026/6/26
   pyoderma gangrenosum in an elderly patient?
 Disease Burden and Clinical Management of Ulcerative Proctitis         Chinese Journal of Inflammatory                   2026/3
                                                                          Diseases

Commercial priorities for the remainder of the year include expanding multi-channel disease and product education initiatives,
continuing real-world evidence generation, building a professional sales team, and preparing for NRDL negotiations in the second
half of 2026. In parallel, we will continue advancing the localized production project with the objective of supporting operational
readiness in 2027.




                                                                                                                                      27
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     With regulatory approval of CARDAMYST® (etripamil) expected in the third quarter of 2026, we are preparing for its commercial
     launch in China. In December 2025, CARDAMYST was approved by the U.S. FDA, becoming the first and only self-administered
     nasal spray in more than 30 years capable of converting paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (PSVT) to sinus rhythm in
     adults. PSVT is characterized by abnormalities in the heart’s electrical system that cause sudden unexpected and often severely
     symptomatic episodes of rapid heart rate. There are currently no approved self-administered, fast-acting, non-injectable therapies
     for acute PSVT, leaving patients with limited treatment options beyond emergency care. Approximately 2.3 to 4 per 1,000 individuals
     are affected by PSVT, representing an estimated 3 to 6 million patients in China.


     In July 2026, the Company announced the signing of a strategic partnership agreement with JD Health. Both parties will engage
     in deep collaboration across new drug launches, patient services, digital marketing, jointly exploring new models to improve the
     accessibility of innovative drugs and enhance full-cycle patient management.


     Discovery
     We continued to advance our proprietary mRNA platform across personalized cancer vaccines, off-the-shelf tumor-associated
     antigen (TAA) vaccines and in vivo mRNA CAR-T programs.


     We presented first-in-human clinical data for EVM16 at an international medical conference, continued to advance EVM14 toward
     completion of Phase I dose escalation in the United States and China, and initiated IIT study for our in vivo mRNA CAR-T program
     while advancing global IND filing activities. In addition, we are developing a new dual-target in vivo CAR-T program EVM20 and
     expect to achieve Preclinical Candidate (PCC) in the fourth quarter of 2026. We are also advancing IND preparation work for
     EVM15. These milestones further validate our proprietary mRNA platform and create opportunities for future global development
     and strategic partnerships.




28          Everest Medicines Limited           Interim Report 2026
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




FINANCIAL REVIEW
For the Six Months Ended 30 June 2026 Compared to Six Months Ended 30 June 2025


                                                                                        For the Six Months Ended 30 June
                                                                                                  2026                2025
                                                                                           (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)
                                                                                              (RMB in thousands)


 Revenue                                                                                     1,147,840             446,123
 Cost of revenue                                                                              (348,522)            (146,728)


 Gross profit                                                                                  799,318             299,395
 General and administrative expenses                                                          (148,634)            (110,795)
 Research and development expenses                                                            (256,063)            (195,223)
 Distribution and selling expenses                                                            (457,545)            (314,748)
 Other income                                                                                    4,311              11,282
 Other gains — net                                                                              26,003              47,529


 Operating loss                                                                                (32,610)            (262,560)
 Finance income — net                                                                            7,889              12,770
 Fair value change in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)           89,044                     –
 Share of profits and losses of an associate                                                   (39,929)                    –


 Profit/(Loss) before income tax                                                                24,394             (249,790)
 Income tax expense                                                                            (30,338)                    –
 Loss for the period attributable to the equity holders of the Company                           (5,944)           (249,790)
 Other comprehensive (loss)/income                                                            (137,748)              8,166
 Total comprehensive loss for the period attributable to the equity holders
   of the Company                                                                             (143,692)            (241,624)


 Non-IFRS measure:
 Adjusted profit/(loss) for the period                                                          97,232             (146,937)




                                                                                                                               29
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     1.   Overview
          For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group generated revenue of RMB1,147.8 million as compared with RMB446.1
          million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The revenue growth was mainly attributable to sustained robust sales growth
          of NEFECON®, together with service revenue generated under the commercialization service agreement with Hasten. For a
          broader product portfolio, the Company enhances the utilization and productivity of its existing commercial platform, as well
          as strengthens its commercial capabilities and product life-cycle management.


          Gross profit margin increased from 67.1% for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to 69.6% for the six months ended 30
          June 2026. The improvement in gross profit margin was attributable to the Group’s sustained initiatives to enhance supply
          chain efficiency and production localization. Excluding the amortization of intangible assets, the gross profit margin decreased
          from 76.4% for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to 73.7% for the six months ended 30 June 2026.


          The general and administrative expenses were RMB148.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026 as compared with
          RMB110.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The R&D expenses were RMB256.1 million for the six months
          ended 30 June 2026, as compared with RMB195.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The distribution and
          selling expenses were RMB457.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026 as compared with RMB314.7 million for
          the six months ended 30 June 2025. The ratio of total operating expenses (comprising general and administrative expenses,
          research and development expenses, and selling and distribution expenses) to revenue decreased by 64.0 percentage points,
          reflecting the Company’s strong revenue growth and enhanced overall cost efficiency.


          For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group recorded a net loss of RMB5.9 million as compared with RMB249.8
          million loss for the six months ended 30 June 2025.


          As of 30 June 2026, cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits amounted to RMB1,858.8 million, compared with
          RMB2,731.5 million as of 31 December 2025.


     2.   Revenue
          For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group generated revenue of RMB1,147.8 million. The revenue growth was
          mainly attributable to sustained robust sales growth of NEFECON®, together with service revenue generated under the
          Commercialization Service Agreement with Hasten. For a broader product portfolio, the Company enhances the utilization
          and productivity of its existing commercial platform, as well as strengthens its commercial capabilities and product life-cycle
          management.




30        Everest Medicines Limited            Interim Report 2026
                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis




3.   R&D Expenses
     The Group’s R&D expenses increased from RMB195.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB256.1
     million for the six months ended 30 June 2026. The Company is actively advancing core proprietary mRNA platform and
     platform-derived key programs, including EVM18 CAR-T and EVM16 PCV, thereby facilitating ongoing preclinical and clinical
     development.


     Meanwhile, capitalizing on the established CMC capabilities, the Company is continuing to advance manufacturing
     qualifications and scale up production capacity.


     Building on this progress, the Company is strengthening its pipeline and end-to-end development capabilities to sustain
     momentum and deliver critical development milestones.


     The following table sets forth the components of our R&D expenses for the periods indicated:


                                                                                       For the Six Months Ended 30 June
                                                                                                     2026               2025
                                                                                            (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)
                                                                                               (RMB in thousands)


      License fee                                                                                    6,000                  –
      Research, clinical trial and test expenses                                                101,158               39,923
      Employee benefit expenses                                                                     96,198           112,865
      Professional expenses                                                                          7,248             5,724
      Depreciation and amortisation                                                                 29,555            26,456
      Office and travelling expenses                                                                11,545             9,501
      Others                                                                                         4,359               754


      Total                                                                                     256,063              195,223


4.   Distribution and Selling Expenses
     Our distribution and selling expenses increased from RMB314.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB457.5
     million for the six months ended 30 June 2026. The increase was primarily driven by the scaling up commercial team
     headcount to deliver sustained growth across broader markets and new regions through an enriched product pipeline,
     alongside enhanced commercial efficiency.


5.   General and Administrative Expenses
     Our general and administrative expenses rose from RMB110.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB148.6
     million for the six months ended 30 June 2026. This increase is attributable to the Group’s ongoing business expansion and
     development strategy.

                                                                                                                                  31
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     6.   Other Income
          Other income decreased from RMB11.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB4.3 million for the six months
          ended 30 June 2026, primarily attributable to a decrease in government grants received.


     7.   Other Gains — Net
          The Group’s other gains were RMB26.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, compared to other gains of RMB47.5
          million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. This change was primarily due to the gain of RMB35.9 million from variable
          consideration received for disposal of IMMU32 for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and the increase of net foreign
          exchange gain for the six months ended 30 June 2026.


     8.   Operating Loss
          The operating loss of the Group decreased from RMB262.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB32.6
          million for the six months ended 30 June 2026. This reduction was primarily attributable to the robust sales growth of the
          Group’s commercialized products and enhanced operational efficiency.


     9.   Finance Income — Net
          The Group’s finance income decreased from RMB12.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB7.9 million for
          the six months ended 30 June 2026, primarily attributable to the increased interest expenses derived from bank loans.


     10. Income Tax Expense
          The Company incurred income tax expense of RMB30.3 million primarily attributable to the reversal of deferred tax assets
          resulting from the utilization of accumulated tax losses in Singapore for the six months ended 30 June 2026, and did not incur
          any income tax expense for the six months ended 30 June 2025.


     11. Loss for the Period Attributable to the Equity Holders of the Company
          The loss for the six months attributable to equity holders of the Company decreased from RMB249.8 million for the six
          months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB5.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026. This reduction was primarily due to
          the robust sales growth of the Group’s commercialized products and enhanced operational efficiency and the fair value gain
          from the financial assets investment of Micot.


     12. Other Comprehensive (Loss)/Income
          Other comprehensive loss for the six months ended 30 June 2026 was RMB137.7 million, compared to other comprehensive
          income of RMB8.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. This change was primarily due to increased losses from
          foreign currency translation.




32        Everest Medicines Limited            Interim Report 2026
                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




13. Total Comprehensive Loss for the Period Attributable to the Equity Holders of the Company
    As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s total comprehensive loss for the six months ended 30 June 2026 was RMB143.7
    million, compared to a loss of RMB241.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025.


14. Non-IFRS Measure
    To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements, which are presented in accordance with the IFRS, the Group
    also uses adjusted profit/(loss) for the six-month period, which is not required by, or presented in accordance with, the IFRS.
    The Company believes that the adjusted profit/(loss) for the six-month period provides useful information to Shareholders and
    potential investors in understanding and evaluating the Group’s consolidated results of operations.


    Adjusted profit/(loss) for the six-month period represents the profit/(loss) for the Reporting Period attributable to the equity
    holders of the Company excluding the effect of certain non-cash items, namely the share-based compensation loss, and
    intangible assets. The term adjusted profit/(loss) for the six-month period is not defined under the IFRS. The use of this non-
    IFRS measure has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation from, or as a substitute for
    analysis of, the Group’s results of operations or financial condition as reported under IFRS. The Company’s presentation of
    such an adjusted figure may not be comparable to a similarly titled measure presented by other companies. However, the
    Company believes that this measure is a reflection of the Group’s normal operating results by eliminating potential impacts
    of items that the management do not consider to be indicative of the Group’s operating performance, and thus facilitate
    comparisons of operating performance from period to period and company to company to the extent applicable.


    The table below sets forth a reconciliation of the profit/(loss) for the six month period attributable to the equity holders of the
    Company to adjusted profit/(loss) for the six month period during the periods indicated:


                                                                                           For the Six Months Ended 30 June
                                                                                                       2026                    2025
                                                                                                (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                                                                   (RMB in thousands)


     Loss for the period attributable to the equity holders of the Company                            (5,944)               (249,790)


     Excluding:
     Share-based compensation expenses                                                               56,788                  61,604
     Amortization of intangible assets                                                               46,388                  41,249
     Adjusted profit/(loss) for the period                                                           97,232                 (146,937)




                                                                                                                                          33
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     15. Liquidity and Source of Funding
         As of 30 June 2026, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents plus bank deposits decreased to RMB1,858.8 million from
         RMB2,731.5 million as of 31 December 2025. The decrease primarily resulted from cash inflows from bank loans, net off by
         net cash used in our operating activities, payment of acquisition of a subsidiary and payments for purchases of property, plant
         and equipment and intangible assets.


         As of 30 June 2026, the current assets of the Group were RMB3,017.6 million, including cash and cash equivalents and bank
         deposits of RMB1,858.8 million and other current assets of RMB1,158.8 million. As of 30 June 2026, the current liabilities of
         the Group were RMB799.9 million, including trade and other payables of RMB493.9 million, borrowings of RMB281.3 million
         and lease liabilities of RMB24.7 million.


         Operating Activities

         Net cash used in our operating activities for the six months ended 30 June 2026 was RMB272.5 million. Our profit before
         income tax was RMB24.4 million for the same period. The difference between our profit before income tax and our net cash
         used in operating activities was primarily attributable to (i) depreciation and amortization in the amount of RMB85.5 million; (ii)
         share-based compensation in the amount of RMB56.8 million; (iii) finance income in the amount of RMB9.2 million which was
         classified as investing activities; (iv) fair value gain in financial assets at FVTPL in the amount of RMB89.0 million; (v) Share of
         profits and losses of an associate in the amount of RMB39.9 million; and (vi) changes in working capital.


         Net cash used in our operating activities for the six months ended 30 June 2025 was RMB181.5 million. Our net loss was
         RMB249.8 million for the same period. The difference between our loss before income tax and our net cash used in operating
         activities was primarily attributable to (i) depreciation and amortization in the amount of RMB77.7 million; (ii) share-based
         compensation in the amount of RMB61.6 million; (iii) other income for license fee in the amount of RMB35.9 million which was
         classified as investing activities; and (iv) changes in working capital.


         Investing Activities

         Net cash used in investing activities for the six months ended 30 June 2026 was RMB1,070.2 million, primarily attributable
         to (i) payment of acquisition of a subsidiary of RMB1,004.0 million and purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit
         or loss of RMB90.0 million; (ii)payments for purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets of RMB506.6
         million; and (iii) the partial offset by the net cash inflow from the placement and withdrawal of bank deposits of RMB530.4
         million.


         Net cash generated from investing activities for the six months ended 30 June 2025 was RMB423.7 million, primarily
         attributable to (i) net cash inflow from the disposal of bank deposits of RMB450.1 million; (ii) variable consideration received for
         disposal of IMMU32 of RMB35.9 million; and (iii) the partial offset by purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible
         asset of RMB62.3 million.




34        Everest Medicines Limited             Interim Report 2026
                                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis




    Financing Activities

    Net cash generated from financing activities for the six months ended 30 June 2026 was RMB1,041.9 million, primarily
    attributable to (i) proceeds from bank loans of RMB1,265.4 million; (ii) proceeds from exercise of share options of RMB4.0
    million; and (iii) the net off by principal and interest elements of bank loans of RMB215.6 million; and (iv) lease liabilities of
    RMB11.9 million.


    Net cash generated from financing activities for the six months ended 30 June 2025 was RMB171.6 million, primarily
    attributable to (i) net proceeds from bank loans of RMB159.8 million; (ii) proceeds from exercise of share options of RMB33.7
    million; and (iii) the net off by principal and interest elements of lease liabilities of RMB11.7 million and interests paid for bank
    loans of RMB10.0 million.


16. Treasury Policy
    Our cash is invested solely in relatively liquid and low-risk instruments, such as bank deposits or money market instruments.
    The primary objective of our investment strategy is to generate finance income at a yield higher than the interest rate of current
    bank deposits, while emphasising the preservation of principal and maintenance of liquidity.


17. Key Financial Ratios
    The following table sets forth the key financial ratios for the periods indicated:


                                                                                                                     As at 30 June
                                                                                                                     2026            2025


         Current ratio(1)                                                                                             3.77           5.46


    Note:


    1.        Current ratio is calculated using current assets divided by current liabilities as of the same date.



    Gearing ratio is calculated using interest-bearing borrowings less bank balances and cash, divided by total equity and
    multiplied by 100%. As at 30 June 2026, the gearing ratio was 1.2% while as at 30 June 2025, the Group was in a net cash
    position and thus, gearing ratio is not applicable.


18. Significant Investments
    The Group did not make or hold any significant investments (including any investment in an investee company with a value of
    5% or more of the Company’s total assets as of 30 June 2026) during the six months ended 30 June 2026.




                                                                                                                                            35
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     19. Material Acquisitions and Disposals
         On 7 April 2026, EverSea Medicines (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (the “Purchaser”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
         entered into a share purchase agreement with Hasten Biopharmaceuticals (Asia) Limited (the “Seller”) and HASTEN
         BIOPHARMACEUTICALS (SG) PTE. LTD. (the “Target Company”), pursuant to which (i) the Purchaser conditionally agreed
         to acquire, and the Seller conditionally agreed to sell, one issued and outstanding ordinary share in the capital of the Target
         Company, representing 100% of the issued share capital of the Target Company; and (ii) the Purchaser agreed to take
         assignment of a shareholder loan in the amount of US$148,804,000 (approximately RMB1,045,914,000) provided by the
         Seller to the Target Company prior to closing. The Target Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Seller, holds the
         asset rights, mainly including Marketing Authorization Holder (MAH) rights, trademark and broad commercial rights for 14
         branded chronic disease products across multiple countries and regions in the Asia Pacific region. Upon closing, the Target
         Company will become an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the financial results of the Target Company
         will be consolidated into the Group’s financial statements. Details of the transaction are set out in the announcements of the
         Company dated 17 March 2026, 8 April 2026 and 2 June 2026 and the circular of the Company dated 3 June 2026.


         Save as disclosed above, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint
         ventures during the six months ended 30 June 2026.


     20. Future Plans for Material Investments or Capital Asset
         The Company initiated a new project to localize the production of VELSIPITY® at Jiashan manufacturing site, which will be
         funded through the Company’s internal resources and banking facility.


         Save as disclosed in this interim report, the Group did not have detailed future plans for material investments or capital assets
         as at 30 June 2026.


     21. Pledge of Assets
         As at 30 June 2026, the Jiashan manufacturing facility and office has been pledged to secure the banking facility offered to
         the Group.


     22. Contingent Liabilities
         The Group had no material contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2026.




36        Everest Medicines Limited           Interim Report 2026
                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis




23. Foreign Exchange Exposure
    The Company’s functional currency is United States Dollars and the functional currency of the Company’s subsidiaries in
    China is Renminbi. During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group mainly operated in China, and the majority of
    the transactions were settled in RMB, the same as the functional currency of the operating entities. Our financial assets and
    liabilities are subject to foreign currency risk as a result of certain cash and cash equivalents, borrowings and trade and other
    payables denominated in non-functional currency. Therefore, the fluctuations in the exchange rate of functional currency
    against non-functional currency could affect our results of operations. As at 30 June 2026, except for the cash and cash
    equivalents and borrowings denominated in foreign currencies, the Group did not have significant foreign currency exposure
    from its operations. We did not enter into any hedging transactions to manage the potential fluctuation in foreign currency as
    at 30 June 2026.


24. Employees and Remuneration Policies
    As at 30 June 2026, we employed a total of 1,290 (as at 30 June 2025: 722) employees, with 1,275 based in China, 7 based
    in the United States, 3 based in Singapore and 5 based in Korea, including a total of 62 employees with a Ph.D. degree or an
    M.D. degree.


    The following table sets forth a breakdown of our employees by function as at 30 June 2026:


                                                                                               Number of
                                                                                               employees                % of Total


     Function
     Business Development                                                                                 3                  0.2%
     Clinical Development                                                                               97                   7.5%
     Commercialization                                                                                 987                  76.5%
     Chemistry, Manufacturing, and Controls                                                             63                   4.9%
     Discovery                                                                                          40                   3.1%
     Operations and Administrative                                                                     100                   7.8%


     Total                                                                                           1,290                 100.0%


    The remuneration of the employees of the Group comprises salaries, bonuses, social security contributions and other welfare
    payments. In accordance with applicable Chinese laws, we have made contributions to social security insurance funds
    (including pension plans, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, unemployment insurance and maternity insurance)
    and housing funds for our employees.




                                                                                                                                        37
     Management Discussion and Analysis




         Employees are important resources for the Group’s sustainable operation and steady development. The Company has
         formulated policies related to employees’ remuneration, rights and interests and conducted various staff training, details of
         which are further set out in the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” published on the same date as the 2025
         Annual Report.


         The Company has also adopted share schemes to provide incentives for the Group’s employees. Please refer to the section
         headed “Share Schemes” on pages 46 to 50 in this interim report for further details.


         The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2026 was RMB464.8 million, as
         compared to RMB350.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025.


     25. Continuing disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules
         The Company does not have any continuing disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules in
         respect of the Reporting Period.




38        Everest Medicines Limited          Interim Report 2026
                            Corporate Governance and Other Information



COMPLIANCE WITH THE CG CODE
The Board is committed to achieve high corporate governance standards. The Board believes that high corporate governance
standards are essential in providing a framework for the Group to safeguard the interests of Shareholders and to enhance corporate
value and accountability.


The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions of the CG Code contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as
the basis of the Company’s corporate governance practices. During the Reporting Period, the Company had complied with all
applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code.


The Company will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance with the CG
Code, and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own to regulate all dealings by
Directors and relevant employees in securities of the Company and other matters covered by the Model Code.


Specific enquiry has been made to all the Directors regarding their compliance with the Model Code during the Reporting Period
and up to the Latest Practicable Date. No incident of non-compliance of the Model Code by any Director or relevant employee
during the Reporting Period has been noted by the Company.


AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules and
the CG Code. During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee comprised three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr.
Yifan Li, Mr. Shidong Jiang and Ms. Hoi Yam Chui. Mr. Yifan Li (being the independent non-executive Director with the appropriate
professional qualifications) is the chairperson of the Audit Committee.


The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited interim results of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and this
interim report, and has met with the independent auditor, Ernst & Young. The Audit Committee has also reviewed the accounting
policies and practices adopted by the Company and discussed auditing, risk management, internal control and financial reporting
matters with senior management members of the Company.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale
of treasury shares) during the Reporting Period. As at 30 June 2026, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.




                                                                                                                                     39
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




     USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM GLOBAL OFFERING AND THE PLACING
     The Shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on 9 October 2020 with a total of 73,079,000 offer Shares (including Shares issued
     as a result of the full exercise of the over-allotment option) issued and the net proceeds raised during the Global Offering were
     approximately HK$3,795 million. Save as disclosed in the note in the same section of the 2022 annual report of the Company, there
     was no change in the intended use of net proceeds as previously disclosed in the Prospectus.


     Set out below is the status of the use of proceeds from the Global Offering as at 30 June 2026.


                                                                                                                                   Utilised
                                                                                                   Utilised                         for the     Unutilised
                                                                                               for the year     Unutilised     six months          amount
                                                                                                    ended            as at          ended            as at
                                                                      % of             Net    31 December     31 December         30 June         30 June
                                                                     use of      proceeds             2025            2025            2026            2026
      Purpose                                                     proceeds    (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)


      Funding ongoing and planned clinical trials (including
         any potential clinical studies for new indications
         if appropriate), preparation for registration
         filings and other steps or activities related to
         commercialization (including provision of scientific
         and clinical support by medical affairs team, key
         opinion leader development, strategic planning
         and market access analysis) of eravacycline, one
         of our Core Drug Candidates                                  15%              569               –               –               –               –


      Funding ongoing and planned clinical trials (including
         any potential clinical studies for new indications
         if appropriate), preparation for registration
         filings and other steps or activities related to
         commercialization (including provision of scientific
         and clinical support by medical affairs team, key
         opinion leader development, strategic planning
         and market access analysis) of etrasimod, one of
         our Core Drug Candidates                                     15%              569             122              54              54               –




40           Everest Medicines Limited                        Interim Report 2026
                                                             Corporate Governance and Other Information




                                                                                                                          Utilised
                                                                                          Utilised                         for the     Unutilised
                                                                                      for the year     Unutilised     six months          amount
                                                                                           ended            as at          ended            as at
                                                             % of             Net    31 December     31 December         30 June         30 June
                                                            use of      proceeds             2025            2025            2026            2026
 Purpose                                                  proceeds   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)


 Funding ongoing and planned clinical trials,
   preparation for registration filings and potential
   commercialization of sacituzumab govitecan-hziy            20%             759               –               –               –               –


 Funding ongoing and planned clinical trials,
   preparation for registration filings and potential
   commercialization of NEFECON®                              10%             380               –               –               –               –


 Funding ongoing and planned clinical trials,
   preparation for registration filings and potential
   commercialization of other drug candidates in our
   pipeline                                                   15%             569               –               –               –               –


 Funding our business development activities and the
   expansion of our drug pipeline. To further expand
   our portfolio, we will continue to bring in high
   value and differentiated innovative assets with
   attractive risk-return profiles for our four current
   core therapeutic areas                                     15%             569               –               –               –               –


 Working capital and general and administrative
   purposes                                                   10%             380               –               –               –               –


 Total                                                       100%           3,795             122              54              54               –


All the proceeds have been fully used by the Company in accordance with the intended purposes.




                                                                                                                                                     41
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




     References are made to the announcements of the Company dated 25 July 2025 and 1 August 2025. 22,561,000 Shares were
     successfully placed by the placement agents to not less than six placees at the purchase price of HK$69.7 per Share on 30 July
     2025, and the Company allotted and issued 22,561,000 Shares at HK$69.7 per Share on 1 August 2025 in accordance with the
     terms and conditions of the placing and subscription agreement. The market price on 24 July 2025, being the last trading day
     prior to the signing of the placing and subscription agreement, is HK$77.55 per Share. The net price of the subscription Share is
     approximately HK$68.85 and the aggregate nominal value of the subscription Shares are US$2,256.10. The net proceeds from
     the subscription (after deducting all applicable costs and expenses, including commission and levies) amounted to approximately
     HK$1,553.39 million. Set out below is the status of the use of proceeds from the Placing as at 30 June 2026.


                                                                                                                                Utilised
                                                                                                Utilised                         for the     Unutilised
                                                                                            for the year     Unutilised     six months          amount
                                                                                                 ended            as at          ended            as at
                                                                   % of             Net    31 December     31 December         30 June         30 June
                                                                  use of      proceeds             2025            2025            2026            2026
      Purpose                                                  proceeds    (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)


      Global research and development of pipeline
        products, such as further development of the
        proprietary mRNA technology platform and
        its pipeline assets in cancer and autoimmune
        diseases, and the global clinical development
        of the EVER001, a BTK inhibitor pipeline for the
        treatment of primary membranous nephropathy,
        and other autoimmune driven renal diseases, etc.           50%              777              81             696             164             532


      Continued commercialization efforts, including the
        launch of new products, including XERAVA®,
        NEFECON® , and VELSIPITY®, etc. in the
        Company’s territories, and the expansion and
        optimization of the Group’s supply chain, etc.             40%              621              38             583             165             418


      Working capital and general and administrative
        purposes, including general business operation
        and business development, etc.                             10%              155              14             141              50              91


      Total                                                       100%            1,553             133           1,420             379           1,041




42            Everest Medicines Limited                    Interim Report 2026
                                                    Corporate Governance and Other Information




The Company expects to gradually apply the above remaining unutilized proceeds in accordance with the intended purposes and
fully utilize the proceeds by the second half of 2027. This expected timeline is based on best estimation on future market conditions
and business operations made by the Company, and remains subject to changes based on current and future development of
market conditions and actual business needs.


DIVIDENDS
The Board did not recommend the distribution of an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (For the six months
ended 30 June 2025: Nil).


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS
IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR
ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As at 30 June 2026, the interests and short positions of the Directors or chief executives of the Company in any of the Shares,
underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:


                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                   Number of     percentage of       Long position/
 Name of Director                       Capacity/Nature of interest                    Shares          holding (7)
                                                                                                                     Short position


 Mr. Wei Fu(1)                          Founder of a discretionary trust          89,423,927            25.27%       Long position
                                           who can influence how the trustee
                                           exercises his discretion
 Mr. Yifang Wu    (2)
                                        Beneficial owner                            2,160,177            0.61%       Long position
 Mr. Yongqing Luo(3)                    Beneficial owner                          11,398,409             3.22%       Long position
 Mr. Ian Ying Woo       (4)
                                        Beneficial owner                            3,708,435            1.05%       Long position
 Mr. Shidong Jiang        (5)
                                        Beneficial owner                               40,000            0.01%       Long position
 Mr. Yifan Li
            (6)
                                        Beneficial owner                               40,000            0.01%       Long position




                                                                                                                                        43
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




     Notes:


     (1)      C-Bridge Investment Everest Limited and CBC Investment Twelve Limited holds 40,468,000 Shares and 2,681,500 Shares, respectively. The sole shareholder of
              C-Bridge Investment Everest Limited and CBC Investment Twelve Limited is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P. whose general partner is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund
              GP II, L.P. The general partner of C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP II, L.P. is C-Bridge Capital GP, Ltd., whose controlling shareholders are TF Capital, Ltd. and TF
              Capital II, Ltd., both of which under the control of CBC Group Investment Management, Ltd., which is further indirectly controlled by Nova Aqua Limited. C-Bridge IV
              Investment Two Limited holds 22,732,260 Shares. C-Bridge IV Investment Two Limited is wholly owned by C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P. The general partner of
              C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P. is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP IV, L.P. The general partner of C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP IV, L.P. is C-Bridge Capital GP IV,
              Ltd., which is owned as to 71.05% by TF Capital IV Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Nova Aqua Limited, and 28.95% by Nova Aqua Limited. Everest Management
              Holding Co., Ltd. holds 21,683,167 Shares. Everest Management Holding Co., Ltd. is owned as to 86.59% by C-Bridge Joint Value Creation Limited. C-Bridge Joint
              Value Creation Limited is wholly-owned by Nova Aqua Limited. Nova Aqua Limited also holds 1,859,000 Shares. The entire interest in Nova Aqua Limited is held by
              Vistra Trust (Singapore) Pte. Limited as trustee for a trust established by Mr. Wei Fu (as settlor) for the benefit of Mr. Wei Fu and his family.


     (2)      Mr. Yifang Wu is entitled to receive up to (i) 1,237,374 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme with exercise price at
              HKD56.63 and (ii) 530,303 Shares under Pre-IPO ESOP pursuant to awards granted which were approved by the shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting
              of the Company on 24 February 2026. Details of the options and awards granted to this Director are set out in the section headed “Share Schemes” below.


     (3)      Mr. Yongqing Luo is entitled to receive up to (i) 4,700,000 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options with exercise price at HK$10.084, (ii) 1,559,349 Shares
              pursuant to the exercise of options with exercise price at HK$15.632, (iii) 1,901,560 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options with exercise price at HK$22.54, and (iv)
              960,920 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options with exercise price at HK$55.61 under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, subject to the conditions of those
              options. Mr. Yongqing Luo is also entitled to receive up to (i) 238,849 Shares pursuant to the performance target awards granted to him under the Post-IPO Share
              Award Scheme and (ii) 154,434 Shares pursuant to the performance target awards granted to him under the Pre-IPO ESOP. Details of the options and awards
              granted to this Director are set out in the section headed “Share Schemes” below.


     (4)      Mr. Ian Ying Woo’s entitlement to receive up to (i) 110,000 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options with exercise price at USD2.26 under the Pre-IPO ESOP, (ii)
              338,403 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options with exercise price at HK$72.49, (iii) 779,675 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options with exercise price at
              HK$15.632, (iv) 950,780 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options with exercise price at HK$22.54, and (v) 432,414 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options
              with exercise price at HK$55.61 under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. Mr. Woo is also entitled to receive up to (i) 126,090 Shares and (ii) 97,563 Shares under
              the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme and the Pre-IPO ESOP, respectively, subject to the conditions of those performance target awards. Details of the options and
              awards granted to this Director are set out in the section headed “Share Schemes” below.


     (5)      Mr. Shidong Jiang’s entitlement to receive up to 40,000 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, subject to the
              conditions of those options. The exercise price of these options are HKD72.49 (up to 20,000 Shares) and HKD23.17 (up to 20,000 Shares). Details of the options
              and awards granted to this Director are set out in the section headed “Share Schemes” below .


     (6)      Mr. Yifan Li’s entitlement to receive up to 40,000 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, subject to the conditions
              of those options. The exercise price of these options are HKD72.49 (up to 20,000 Shares) and HKD23.17 (up to 20,000 Shares). Details of the options and awards
              granted to this Director are set out in the section headed “Share Schemes” below.


     (7)      The calculation is based on the total number of 353,829,875 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2026.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, none of the Directors or chief executives of the Company had or was deemed
     to have any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
     corporations.




44             Everest Medicines Limited                        Interim Report 2026
                                                         Corporate Governance and Other Information




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at 30 June 2026, so far as the Directors are aware, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executives of the
Company) had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to
be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                     Number of    percentage of    Long position/
 Name of Shareholder                          Capacity/Nature of interest               Shares        holding(3)
                                                                                                                   Short position


 VISTRA TRUST (SINGAPORE) PTE.                Trustee and other                      89,423,927         25.27%     Long position
   LIMITED(1)
 Nova Aqua Limited(1)                         Interest in a controlled corporation   89,423,927         25.27%     Long position
 TF Capital, Ltd.     (1)
                                              Interest in a controlled corporation   43,149,500         12.19%     Long position
 TF Capital II Ltd.     (1)
                                              Interest in a controlled corporation   43,149,500         12.19%     Long position
 C-Bridge Capital GP, Ltd.(1)(2)              Interest in a controlled corporation   43,149,500         12.19%     Long position
 C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP II,              Interest in a controlled corporation   43,149,500         12.19%     Long position
   L.P. (1)


 C-Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P.(1)         Interest in a controlled corporation   43,149,500         12.19%     Long position
 C-Bridge Investment Everest                  Beneficial owner                       40,468,000         11.44%     Long position
   Limited(1)
 Dan Yang(2)                                  Interest in a controlled corporation   43,149,500         12.19%     Long position
 Kang Hua Investment Company                  Interest in a controlled corporation   43,149,500         12.19%     Long position
   Limited(2)
 C-Bridge Capital GP IV, Ltd.(1)              Interest in a controlled corporation   22,732,260          6.42%     Long position
 C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP IV,              Interest in a controlled corporation   22,732,260          6.42%     Long position
   L.P. (1)


 C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P.(1)         Interest in a controlled corporation   22,732,260          6.42%     Long position
 TF Capital IV Ltd.(1)                        Interest in a controlled corporation   22,732,260          6.42%     Long position
 C-Bridge IV Investment Two Limited     (1)
                                              Beneficial owner                       22,732,260          6.42%     Long position
 C-Bridge Joint Value Creation                Interest in a controlled corporation   21,683,167          6.13%     Long position
   Limited(1)
 Everest Management Holding                   Beneficial owner                       21,683,167          6.13%     Long position
   Co., Ltd.    (1)


 Nomura Holdings, Inc.                        Interest of corporation controlled     17,895,000          5.06%     Long position
                                                by you/Person having a security         12,000           0.00%     Short position
                                                interest in shares




                                                                                                                                      45
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




     Notes:


     (1)      The sole shareholder of C-Bridge Investment Everest Limited is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P. whose general partner is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP II, L.P.
              The general partner of C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP II, L.P. is C-Bridge Capital GP, Ltd., whose controlling shareholders are TF Capital, Ltd. and TF Capital II, Ltd.,
              both of which under the control of CBC Group Investment Management, Ltd., which is further indirectly controlled by Nova Aqua Limited. C-Bridge IV Investment
              Two Limited is wholly owned by C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P. The General Partner of C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P. is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP IV,
              L.P. The general partner of C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP IV, L.P. is C-Bridge Capital GP IV, Ltd., which is owned as to 71.05% by TF Capital IV Ltd., a wholly
              owned subsidiary of Nova Aqua Limited, and 28.95% by Nova Aqua Limited. Everest Management Holding Co., Ltd. is owned as to 86.59% by C-Bridge Joint
              Value Creation Limited. C-Bridge Joint Value Creation Limited is wholly-owned by Nova Aqua Limited. The entire interest in Nova Aqua Limited is held by Vistra Trust
              (Singapore) Pte. Limited as trustee for a trust established by Mr. Wei Fu (as settlor) for the benefit of Mr. Wei Fu and his family.


     (2)      TF Capital, Ltd. has controlling interest in C-Bridge Capital GP, Ltd.. Kang Hua Investment Company Limited has controlling interest in TF Capital, Ltd.. Ms. Dan
              Yang is the sole shareholder of Kang Hua Investment Company Limited.


     (3)      The calculation is based on the total number of 353,829,875 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2026.



     Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, no other person (other than the Directors or chief executives of the Company) had an
     interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which were required to be disclosed to the Company
     under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were required to be entered in the register required to be
     kept under section 336 of the SFO.


     SHARE SCHEMES
     During the Reporting Period, the Company had the following share schemes: the Pre-IPO ESOP, the Post-IPO Share Option
     Scheme, the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme and the 2026 Share Scheme. The Company adopted the 2026 Share Scheme on 24
     February 2026, since which each of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme terminated and no
     further grants would be made thereunder.


     530,303 new Shares, representing approximately 0.16% of the weighted average number of Shares (excluding treasury shares) for
     the Reporting Period, may be issued in respect of options and awards granted during the Reporting Period to eligible participants
     pursuant to all of the share schemes. The details of each share scheme are set out below.




46             Everest Medicines Limited                        Interim Report 2026
                                                                         Corporate Governance and Other Information




PRE-IPO SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS
1.   Pre-IPO ESOP
     As at 30 June 2026, the Company had outstanding options under the Pre-IPO ESOP to subscribe for an aggregate of
     158,573 Shares granted to 10 grantees (including Directors, senior management, other connected persons and employees
     of the Company) and unvested Pre-IPO ESOP RSUs representing an aggregate of 2,820,199 Shares granted to 195
     grantees (including Directors, senior management, other connected persons and employees of the Company). Details of the
     outstanding options and unvested awards under the Pre-IPO ESOP during the Reporting Period are as follows:


     Options


                                                                                                                                                                              Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                               average
                                                                                                                                                                                closing
                                                                                                                                                                                price of
                                                                                                                                                                                Shares
                                                                                                                                                                           immediately
                                                                                                                     Exercised    Cancelled                                  before the
                                                                                           Exercise Outstanding      during the   during the Lapsed during Outstanding          date of
                                                     Vesting       Exercise                   Price          as at   Reporting    Reporting the Reporting          as at       exercise
      Name                  Date of Grant            Period        Period                     (US$) 1 January 2026       Period       Period        Period 30 June 2026          (HK$)(2)

      Director
      Mr. Ian Ying Woo      16 July 2020             4 years (1)   7 years from the date        2.26      110,000            –           –              –        110,000            N/A
                                                                     of grant

      Other grantees by category
      Employee Participants Between 31 December 2018 4 years       7 years from the date   0.18–3.24       48,573            –           –              –         48,573            N/A
                                and 31 July 2020                     of grant

      Total                                                                                               158,573            –           –              –        158,573




                                                                                                                                                                                            47
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




        RSUs


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 average
                                                                                                                                                                                             Fair value                    Closing price    closing price
                                                                                                                                                                                                 of the                    of the Shares    of the Shares
                                                                                                           Unvested         Granted       Vested    Cancelled      Lapsed     Unvested         awards                       immediately      immediately
                                                                                                                as at     during the   during the   during the   during the       as at          at the                      before the       before the
                                                                                               Purchase    1 January      Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting     30 June    date of grant    Performance     date of grant date of vesting
         Name                         Date of Grant             Vesting Period                 Price            2026         Period       Period       Period       Period        2026          (HK$)(3)      Targets(3)         (HK$)(3)         (HK$)(4)


         Directors
         Mr. Yifang Wu                10 October 2025           4 years                        nil                 –(5)   530,303(5)           –            –            –     530,303      28,212,120            None            56.00              N/A


         Mr. Ian Ying Woo             3 April 2023              Immediate vesting upon         nil            28,068              –            –            –            –      28,068             N/A             N/A              N/A              N/A
                                                                  achievement of performance
                                                                  targets
                                      1 April 2025              4 years                        nil            92,660              –       23,165            –            –      69,495             N/A             N/A              N/A            37.80


         Mr. Yongqing Luo             1 April 2025              4 years                        nil           205,911              –       51,477            –            –     154,434             N/A             N/A              N/A            37.80


         Other grantees by category
         Employee Participants        Between 18 February       4 years                        nil           158,976              –      105,216       10,000            –      43,760             N/A             N/A              N/A            37.20
                                        2020 and 3 April 2023
                                      3 April 2023              Immediate vesting upon         nil           281,949              –            –        7,750            –     274,199             N/A             N/A              N/A              N/A
                                                                  achievement of performance
                                                                  targets
                                      5 April 2024              4 years                        nil           686,500              –      182,750       69,500            –     434,250             N/A             N/A              N/A            36.81
                                      5 April 2024              Immediate vesting upon         nil            14,166              –            –            –            –      14,166             N/A             N/A              N/A              N/A
                                                                  achievement of performance
                                                                  targets
                                      2 October 2024            4 years                        nil           305,250              –       42,500       25,250            –     237,500             N/A             N/A              N/A            30.37
                                      1 April 2025              4 years                        nil           996,956              –      216,823       91,671            –     688,462             N/A             N/A              N/A            37.89
                                      1 April 2025              4 years                        nil           253,159              –       50,419       51,478            –     151,262             N/A             N/A              N/A            37.80
                                      2 October 2025            4 years                        nil           234,800              –       26,500       14,000            –     194,300             N/A             N/A              N/A            34.73


         Total                                                                                            3,258,395(5)    530,303(5)     698,850      269,649            –    2,820,199


        Notes:


        (1)          All options granted were subject to immediate vesting upon Listing. No further options have been or would be granted after the Listing.


        (2)          This information is in respect of options exercised during the Reporting Period.


        (3)          This information is in respect of RSUs granted during the Reporting Period.


        (4)          This information is in respect of RSUs vested during the Reporting Period.


        (5)          As at 1 January 2026, 2,044,504 Shares were available for grant under the Pre-IPO ESOP. The 530,303 awards under the Pre-IPO ESOP granted to Mr.
                     Yifang Wu on 10 October 2025 were approved by Independent Shareholders on 24 February 2026 and are considered to be granted during the Reporting
                     Period. Except for the above, no grants have been made during the Reporting Period and no further grants would be made by the Company under Pre-IPO
                     ESOP after the adoption of the 2026 Share Scheme on 24 February 2026.




48       Everest Medicines Limited                                                       Interim Report 2026
                                                                       Corporate Governance and Other Information




POST-IPO SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS
1.   Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
     As at 30 June 2026, the Company had outstanding options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme to subscribe for an
     aggregate of 20,805,482 Shares granted to 180 grantees (including Directors, senior management, other connected persons
     and employees of the Company). Details of the outstanding options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                              Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                               average
                                                                                                                                                                          closing price
                                                                                                                                                                              of Shares
                                                                                                                                                                           immediately
                                                                                                     Outstanding    Exercised    Cancelled      Lapsed     Outstanding       before the
                                                                                          Exercise          as at   during the   during the   during the          as at          date of
                                                      Vesting   Exercise                     Price     1 January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting        30 June         exercise
       Name                  Date of Grant            Period    Period                      (HK$)           2026        Period       Period       Period          2026           (HK$)(1)

       Directors
       Mr. Yifang Wu         10 October 2025          4 years   7 years from the date       56.63      1,237,374            –            –            –      1,237,374              N/A
                                                                  of grant

       Mr. Yongqing Luo      19 September 2022 and    4 years   7 years from the date       10.084     6,259,349            –            –            –      6,259,349              N/A
                               3 April 2023                       of grant              and 15.632
                             5 April 2024             4 years   7 years from the date        22.54     1,901,560            –            –            –      1,901,560              N/A
                                                                  of grant
                             1 April 2025             4 years   7 years from the date       55.61        960,920            –            –            –        960,920              N/A
                                                                  of grant

       Mr. Ian Ying Woo      14 July 2021 and         4 years   7 years from the date        72.49     1,118,078            –            –            –      1,118,078              N/A
                               3 April 2023                       of grant              and 15.632
                             5 April 2024             4 years   7 years from the date        22.54       950,780            –            –            –        950,780              N/A
                                                                  of grant
                             1 April 2025             4 years   7 years from the date       55.61        432,414            –            –            –        432,414              N/A
                                                                  of grant

       Mr. Shidong Jiang     Between 14 July 2021 and 1 year    7 years from the date        72.49        40,000            –            –            –         40,000              N/A
                               1 April 2022                       of grant               and 23.17

       Mr. Yifan Li          Between 14 July 2021 and 1 year    7 years from the date        72.49        40,000            –            –            –         40,000              N/A
                               1 April 2022                       of grant               and 23.17

       Other grantees by category
       Employee Participants Between 6 May 2021 and   4 years   7 years from the date     Between      2,801,312      131,846            –      118,444      2,551,022            37.15
                                 3 April 2023                     of grant                  15.632
                                                                                         and 72.49
                             5 April 2024             4 years   7 years from the date        22.54     2,935,293      120,163            –      235,142      2,579,988            34.25
                                                                  of grant
                             2 October 2024           4 years   7 years from the date       27.35        240,000            –            –            –        240,000              N/A
                                                                  of grant
                             1 April 2025             4 years   7 years from the date       55.61      2,820,173            –            –      386,176      2,433,997              N/A
                                                                  of grant
                             2 October 2025           4 years   7 years from the date       57.50         74,000            –            –       14,000         60,000              N/A
                                                                  of grant

       Total                                                                                          21,811,253      252,009            –      753,762     20,805,482

     Notes:

     (1)        This information is in respect of options exercised during the Reporting Period.

     (2)        As at 1 January 2026, 2,563,383 Shares were available for grant under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. No grants have been made during the
                Reporting Period and no further grants would be made by the Company under Post-IPO Share Option Scheme after the adoption of the 2026 Share
                Scheme on 24 February 2026.



                                                                                                                                                                                            49
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




     2.   Post-IPO Share Award Scheme
          As at 30 June 2026, the Company had unvested awards representing an aggregate of 962,652 Shares granted to 107
          grantees (including Directors, senior management, other connected persons of the Company and other employees of the
          Company). Details of the unvested awards under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme are as follows:


                                                                                                                                                                          Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                           average
                                                                                                                                                                            closing
                                                                                                                                                                            price of
                                                                                                                                                                        the Shares
                                                                                                        Unvested        Vested    Cancelled      Lapsed     Unvested immediately
                                                                                                             as at   during the   during the   during the       as at    before the
                                                                           Vesting                      1 January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting     30 June date of vesting
            Name                      Date of Grant                        Period      Purchase Price        2026        Period       Period       Period       2026         (HK$)(1)

            Directors
            Mr. Yongqing Luo          19 September 2022                    3 years     nil               120,000             –            –            –     120,000             N/A
                                      5 April 2024                         4 years     nil               178,272        59,423            –            –     118,849           37.52

            Mr. Ian Ying Woo          14 July 2021–1 April 2022            3-4 years   nil                 66,666            –            –            –      66,666             N/A
                                      5 April 2024                         4 years     nil                 89,136       29,712            –            –      59,424           37.52

            Other grantees by category
            Employee Participants      Between 6 May 2021 and 3 April 2023 4 years     nil               474,715       262,593       59,176            –     152,946           37.52
                                       5 April 2024                        4 years     nil               673,914       210,000       78,571            –     385,343           37.52
                                       5 April 2024                        4 years     nil                89,136        29,712            –            –      59,424           37.52

            Total                                                                                       1,691,839      591,440      137,747            –     962,652


          Notes:


          (1)       This information is in respect of awards vested during the Reporting Period.


          (2)       As at 1 January 2026, 9,544,272 Shares were available for grant under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme. No grants have been made during the Reporting
                    Period and no further grants would be made by the Company under Post-IPO Share Award Scheme after the adoption of the 2026 Share Scheme on 24
                    February 2026.



     3.   2026 Share Scheme
          The Company adopted the 2026 Share Scheme on 24 February 2026. The maximum number of new Shares that may be
          issued pursuant to all awards made under the 2026 Share Scheme is 35,358,115 Shares, with the scheme mandate limit
          being 10% of the total issued and outstanding Shares (excluding any treasury shares) as at the date of the shareholders’
          approval of the 2026 Share Scheme. No grants were made under the 2026 Share Scheme during the Reporting Period.
          Accordingly, as at 30 June 2026, 35,358,115 Shares were available for future grant under the aforementioned scheme
          mandate limit (including 1,767,905 Shares under the service provider sublimit). Further details of the 2026 Share Scheme are
          set out in the circular of the Company dated 4 February 2026.




50         Everest Medicines Limited                               Interim Report 2026
                                                     Corporate Governance and Other Information




DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
During the six months ended 30 June 2026, none of our Directors controlled a business similar to principal business of the Group
that competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the Group’s business, which would require disclosure under
Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.


CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
Changes in Directors’ information since the date of the 2025 Annual Report are set out below pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the
Listing Rules:


 Name of Director                        Details of Change


 Mr. Yifang Wu                           Mr. Wu resigned as a non-executive director of Sisram Medical Ltd (復銳醫療科技有限公司),
                                           a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1696) with effect from 1 January
                                           2026.


 Mr. Yifan Li                            Mr. Li resigned as an independent non-executive director of Xinyuan Property Management
                                           Service (Cayman) Ltd. (鑫苑物業服務集團有限公司), a company listed on the Stock
                                           Exchange (stock code: 1895) with effect from 26 April 2026.

Save for the information disclosed above, there is no other information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the
Listing Rules.


IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Save as disclosed in this interim report, no important events affecting the Company occurred since the end of the Reporting Period
and up to the Latest Practicable Date.




                                                                                                                                        51
     Report on Review of Interim Financial Information



                                 Ernst & Young                     安永會計師事務所             Tel 電話: +852 2846 9888
                                 27/F, One Taikoo Place,           香港鰂魚涌英皇道979號         Fax 傳真: +852 2868 4432
                                 979 King’s Road,                  太古坊一座27樓             ey.com
                                 Quarry Bay, Hong Kong


     Independent review report
     To the board of directors of Everest Medicines Limited
     (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     INTRODUCTION
     We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 53 to 80, which comprises the condensed consolidated
     statement of financial position of Everest Medicines Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) as at 30 June
     2026 and the related condensed consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, changes in equity
     and cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
     Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with
     the relevant provisions thereof and International Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“IAS 34”) as issued by the
     International Accounting Standards Board. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of
     this interim financial information in accordance with IAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial
     information based on our review. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement,
     and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
     report.


     SCOPE OF REVIEW
     We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 Review of Interim Financial
     Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
     A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting
     matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in
     accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would
     become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


     CONCLUSION
     Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information is not
     prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34.




     Ernst & Young
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     18 August 2026



52             Everest Medicines Limited          Interim Report 2026
                   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                 Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                         Notes           2026                  2025
                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                   (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

REVENUE                                                                   4          1,147,840               446,123
Cost of sales                                                                         (348,522)             (146,728)

Gross profit                                                                           799,318               299,395
General and administrative expenses                                                   (148,634)             (110,795)
Research and development expenses                                                     (256,063)             (195,223)
Distribution and selling expenses                                                     (457,545)             (314,748)
Other income — net                                                        5              4,311                11,282
Other gains — net                                                         6             26,003                47,529
Finance income — net                                                      8              7,889                12,770
Fair value gain in financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                                               23            89,044                      –
Share of profits and losses of an associate                                            (39,929)                     –

PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX                                                  7             24,394              (249,790)
Income tax expense                                                        9            (30,338)                    –

LOSS FOR THE PERIOD                                                                      (5,944)            (249,790)

Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                                   (5,944)            (249,790)

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Changes in foreign currency translation adjustments of
    the Company’s subsidiaries                                                         143,423                10,852

Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Changes in foreign currency translation adjustments of the Company                  (281,718)              (32,389)
  Changes in fair value of equity investments designated at fair value
    through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                                            –                29,703
  Share of the associates’ other comprehensive income                                      547                     –

                                                                                      (281,171)               (2,686)

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME FOR THE PERIOD,
 NET OF TAX                                                                           (137,748)                8,166

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE PERIOD                                               (143,692)             (241,624)

Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                                (143,692)             (241,624)

LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
  HOLDERS OF THE PARENT (Expressed in RMB per share)

Basic and diluted                                                         11              (0.02)                (0.77)


                                                                                                                         53
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     30 June 2026




                                                                                   30 June    31 December
                                                                        Notes         2026          2025
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)      (Audited)


      NON-CURRENT ASSETS
      Property, plant and equipment                                      12        572,613        567,451
      Right-of-use assets                                                           99,038         89,058
      Intangible assets                                                          3,411,841      2,090,932
      Investment in an associate                                                   262,096        302,103
      Other non-current assets                                           13        161,462        112,364
      Deferred tax assets                                                          269,231        299,524
      Goodwill                                                           20        651,247              –


      Total non-current assets                                                   5,427,528      3,461,432


      CURRENT ASSETS
      Inventories                                                        14        151,361         32,222
      Trade receivables                                                  15        691,609        500,017
      Prepayments and other current assets                               16        138,966        109,838
      Bank deposits                                                                340,806        887,086
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                  1,518,038      1,844,385
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              23        176,836              –


      Total current assets                                                       3,017,616      3,373,548


      CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Trade and other payables                                           17        493,904        595,702
      Borrowings                                                         18        281,292         74,435
      Lease liabilities                                                             24,733         19,476


      Total current liabilities                                                    799,929        689,613


      NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                         2,217,687      2,683,935


      TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                      7,645,215      6,145,367




54          Everest Medicines Limited             Interim Report 2026
                    Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                             30 June 2026




                                                                30 June     31 December
                                                   Notes           2026            2025
                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                             (Unaudited)        (Audited)


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and other payables                            17          651,944                –
Borrowings                                          18         1,640,077        792,118
Lease liabilities                                                43,600          40,247
Deferred income                                                   5,665            5,743
Deferred tax liabilities                            20           69,820                –
Provision                                                         4,867            3,500


Total non-current liabilities                                  2,415,973        841,608


Net assets                                                     5,229,242      5,303,759



EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                       19              241              241
Reserves                                                      15,694,495     15,625,320
Accumulated deficit                                          (10,560,102)    (10,554,158)
Accumulated other comprehensive income                           94,608         232,356


Total equity                                                   5,229,242      5,303,759




                                                                                            55
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                                        Other
                                                                                comprehensive
                                                       Share          Capital         income    Exchange     Accumulated         Total
                                                       capital        reserve         reserve     reserve          deficit      equity
                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000            RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                     (note 19)


      At 1 January 2026 (audited)                         241    15,625,320             8,449    223,907      (10,554,158)   5,303,759


      Loss for the period                                   –              –                –           –          (5,944)      (5,944)
      Other comprehensive (loss)/income
        for the period:                                     –              –                –           –               –            –
        Share of other comprehensive income
          of an associate                                   –              –             547            –               –         547
        Foreign currency translation                        –              –                –    (138,295)              –     (138,295)


      Total comprehensive loss for the period               –              –             547     (138,295)         (5,944)    (143,692)
      Share-based compensation                              –         56,788                –           –               –      56,788
      Exercise of share options                             –          4,028                –           –               –        4,028
      Share of other reserve of an associate                –          8,359                –           –               –        8,359


      At 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                         241    15,694,495             8,996     85,612      (10,560,102)   5,229,242




56          Everest Medicines Limited           Interim Report 2026
                   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                                Other
                                                                        comprehensive
                                                 Share        Capital         income      Exchange    Accumulated         Total
                                                capital      reserve          reserve       reserve         deficit      equity
                                              RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
                                              (note 19)


At 1 January 2025 (audited)                        221    14,042,141         (249,452)     337,740    (10,057,856)    4,072,794


Loss for the period                                  –             –                –            –       (249,790)     (249,790)
Other comprehensive (loss)/income for
  the period:                                        –             –                –            –               –            –
  Changes in fair value of financial assets
    at FVTOCI, net of tax                            –             –          29,703             –               –      29,703
  Foreign currency translation                       –             –                –      (21,537)              –      (21,537)


Total comprehensive loss for the period              –             –          29,703       (21,537)      (249,790)     (241,624)
Share-based compensation                             –       61,604                 –            –               –      61,604
Exercise of share options                            1       33,671                 –            –               –      33,672


At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                        222    14,137,416         (219,749)     316,203    (10,307,646)    3,926,446




                                                                                                                                   57
     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                        Notes         2026           2025
                                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)


      CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
      Profit/(Loss) before tax:                                                     24,394       (249,790)


      Adjustments for:
        Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                    7          24,144         24,639
        Depreciation of right-of-use assets                              7          12,529         10,621
        Amortisation of intangible assets                                7          48,812         42,466
        Fair value gain in financial assets at FVTPL                     7          (89,044)            –
        Share-based payments                                             7          56,788         61,604
        Interest income and interest expenses on borrowings              8           (9,237)      (14,208)
        Unrealised foreign exchange gains                                6          (35,235)      (10,613)
        Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                       1,348          1,438
        Impairment loss on trade receivables, net                        7              92            (48)
        Share of profits and losses of an associate                                 39,929              –
        Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                7                –            32
        Gain on termination of a lease contract                          7                –        (3,410)
        Variable consideration received for disposal of IMMU32                            –       (35,919)
        Other income recognised for asset-related government grant                      (78)          (78)


      (Increase)/decrease in trade receivables                                    (128,390)        62,748
      Increase in prepayments and other assets                                      (31,130)      (22,711)
      (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                            (56,525)        5,270
      Decrease/(Increase) in other non-current assets                                2,158         (2,451)
      Decrease in trade and other payables                                        (151,598)       (55,865)


      Cash used in operations                                                     (291,043)      (186,275)
      Interest received                                                             18,579          4,801
      Income tax paid                                                                   (45)            –


      Net cash flows used in operating activities                                 (272,509)      (181,474)




58         Everest Medicines Limited              Interim Report 2026
                              Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                         Notes            2026                  2025
                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                   (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                             (58,447)              (24,362)
Purchase of intangible assets                                         (448,136)              (37,974)
Placement of bank deposits                                            (344,780)             (518,356)
Withdrawal of bank deposits                                            875,183              968,480
Acquisition of a subsidiary                               20        (1,003,991)                    –
Variable consideration received for disposal of IMMU32    6                   –               35,919
Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL                                  (89,991)                    –


Net cash flows (used in)/from investing activities                  (1,070,162)             423,707


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Payments of lease liabilities                                          (11,878)              (11,746)
Proceeds from bank borrowings                                        1,265,356              595,022
Repayment of bank borrowings                                          (202,597)             (435,267)
Interests paid for bank loans                                          (13,042)              (10,044)
Proceeds from exercise of share options                                  4,028                33,672


Net cash flows from financing activities                             1,041,867              171,637


NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                  (300,804)             413,870
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                           (25,543)               (1,712)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                     1,844,385              884,468


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                           1,518,038             1,296,626




                                                                                                         59
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2026




     1. CORPORATE INFORMATION AND BASIS OF PREPARATION
          1.1 Corporate information
                Everest Medicines Limited (the “Company” or “Everest”) was incorporated under the law of the Cayman Islands as an
                exempted company with limited liability on 14 July 2017. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as
                the “Group”) engage primarily in in-licensing, development and commercialisation of innovative therapies in Greater
                China and other emerging Asia-Pacific markets.


                The registered office of the Company is located at PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman KY1-1104, Cayman
                Islands.


                The Company listed its shares on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 9 October 2020.


          1.2 Basis of Preparation
                The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2026 has been prepared in
                accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. The interim condensed consolidated financial information does not
                include all the information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction
                with the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.


                This interim condensed consolidated financial information is presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and all values are rounded
                to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.


     2. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial information are consistent
          with those applied in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December
          2025, except for the adoption of the following amended IFRS Accounting Standards for the first time for the current period’s
          financial information.


          Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                    Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
                                                               Instruments
          Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                    Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity
          Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting             Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 7, IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 7
            Standards — Volume 11




60         Everest Medicines Limited          Interim Report 2026
               Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                   30 June 2026




2. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  The nature and impact of the amended IFRS Accounting Standards are described below:


  (a)   Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments clarify
        that a financial asset is derecognised when the entity’s rights to the contractual cash flows expire or are transferred,
        while a financial liability is derecognised on the settlement date. The amendments introduce an accounting policy option
        to derecognise a financial liability that is settled through an electronic payment system before the settlement date if
        specified criteria are met. The amendments clarify how to assess the contractual cash flow characteristics of financial
        assets with environmental, social and governance and other similar contingent features. Moreover, the amendments
        clarify the requirements for classifying financial assets with non-recourse features and contractually linked instruments.
        The amendments also include additional disclosures for investments in equity instruments designated at fair value
        through other comprehensive income and financial instruments with contingent features. Since the Group’s accounting
        policy for the derecognition of financial assets and liabilities in prior years aligned with the amendments and the Group
        did not have the financial assets that were addressed by the amendments, the amendments did not have any impact
        on the interim condensed consolidated financial information. The Group will provide additional disclosures for its
        equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income in the Group’s consolidated financial
        statements for the year ending 31 December 2026.


  (b)   Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity clarify the application of the
        “own-use” requirements for in-scope contracts and amend the designation requirements for a hedged item in a cash
        flow hedging relationship for in-scope contracts. The amendments also include additional disclosures that enable users
        of financial statements to understand the effects these contracts have on an entity’s financial performance and future
        cash flows. As the Group did not have any contracts that are in the scope of the amendments, the amendments did
        not have any impact on the interim condensed consolidated financial information.


  (c)   Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards — Volume 11 set out narrow scope amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS
        7 (and the accompanying Guidance on implementing IFRS 7), IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 7. The amendments include
        clarifications, simplifications, corrections or changes to improve consistency in the corresponding IFRS Accounting
        Standards. The amendments did not have any impact on the interim condensed consolidated financial information.




                                                                                                                                     61
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2026




     3. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
          The Company operates in one segment: pharmaceutical products. Its chief operating decision maker is the chief executive
          officer, who makes operating decisions, assesses performance, and allocates resources on a consolidated basis.


          Geographical information
          Since substantially all of the Group’s revenue and operating profit were generated from the Chinese Mainland and most of the
          Group’s identifiable operating assets were located in Chinese Mainland, no geographical segment information in accordance
          with IFRS 8 Operating Segments is presented.


     4. REVENUE
          An analysis of revenue is as follows:


                                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                        2026                   2025
                                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)


           Revenue from contracts with customers                                                   1,147,840                446,123


          Revenue from contracts with customers
          (a)   Disaggregated revenue information

                                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                        2026                   2025
                                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)


                    Types of goods or services
                    Sale of pharmaceutical products                                                1,003,038                446,123
                    Service revenue                                                                  144,802                       –



                    Timing of revenue recognition
                    Goods transferred at a point in time                                           1,003,038                446,123
                    Services transferred over time                                                   144,802                       –




62         Everest Medicines Limited              Interim Report 2026
                  Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                                                    30 June 2026




5. OTHER INCOME — NET
                                                                                                               For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                               2026                           2025
                                                                                                                        RMB’000                         RMB’000
                                                                                                                     (Unaudited)                     (Unaudited)


    Government grants                                                                                                         4,311                        11,282


6. OTHER GAINS — NET
                                                                                                               For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                               2026                           2025
                                                                                                                        RMB’000                         RMB’000
                                                                                                                     (Unaudited)                     (Unaudited)


    Net foreign exchange gains                                                                                              35,235                         10,824
    Impairment of trade receivables, net                                                                                         (92)                            48
    Donations (a)                                                                                                            (9,140)                        (2,801)
    Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                                               –                           (32)
    Gain on termination of a lease contract                                                                                         –                        3,410
    Variable consideration received for disposal of IMMU32 (b)                                                                      –                      35,919
    Others                                                                                                                          –                          161


    Total                                                                                                                   26,003                         47,529


  (a)   Donations represented the contributions made by the Group to several charity organisations in relation to the charity’s patient assistance program and other
        public welfare donation programs.


  (b)   On 15 August 2022, pursuant to a separately negotiated termination and transition services agreement (the “Agreement”), the Group and Immunomedics,
        Inc., (“Immunomedics”) agreed (i) to terminate the above license agreement as well as those ancillary agreements entered in connection therewith; (ii) for
        the Group to assign to Immunomedics all of its intellectual property, regulatory materials and other assets related to the sacituzumab govitecan; and (iii) for
        the Group to perform transition services to enable Immunomedics or its affiliates to assume the development and commercialisation of the sacituzumab
        govitecan in the relevant territories. During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Company received United States Dollar (“USD”)5,000,000 for the
        regulatory milestone achieved by Immunomedics.




                                                                                                                                                                          63
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2026




     7. PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX
          The Group’s profit/(loss) before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                     2026                 2025
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                              (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


           Cost of inventories sold                                                               236,333             146,728
           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                           24,144               24,639
           Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                     12,529               10,621
           Amortisation of intangible assets                                                       48,812               42,466
           Impairment loss on trade receivables, net                                                   92                     (48)
           Research and development costs                                                         256,063             195,223
           Fair value gain in financial assets at FVTPL                                           (89,044)                      –
           Auditor’s remuneration                                                                   1,850                1,830
           Employee benefit expenses:
              Salaries and other benefits                                                         357,341             252,913
              Pension scheme contributions, social welfare and other welfare                       50,655               35,710
              Share-based compensation                                                             56,788               61,604
           Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                        800                  719
           Bank interest income                                                                   (23,586)             (24,235)
           Net foreign exchange gains                                                             (35,235)             (10,824)
           Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                            –                     32
           Gain on termination of a lease contract                                                      –               (3,410)




64         Everest Medicines Limited             Interim Report 2026
                Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                30 June 2026




8. FINANCE INCOME — NET
                                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                2026                   2025
                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)


   Interest income                                                                             23,586                24,235
   Interest income from loan to a director (note 22(a))                                           78                     15
   Bank interest expense                                                                     (14,427)               (10,042)
   Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                                      (1,348)                (1,438)


   Total                                                                                        7,889                12,770


9. INCOME TAX
  Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands, the Company and the subsidiaries incorporated in the Cayman Islands are not
  subject to tax on income or capital gains.


  No Hong Kong profits tax was provided for as the Group did not generate any assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during
  the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025.


  The Group’s subsidiary in Singapore generated taxable income during the six months ended 30 June 2026, which utilized tax
  losses previously recognized as deferred tax assets carried forward of RMB30,293 thousand.


  No PRC profits tax was provided for as the Group did not generate any assessable profits arising in the People’s Republic of
  China (“PRC”) during the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025.




                                                                                                                                 65
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2026




     9. INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
          Korea profits tax has been provided at the rate of 10% (2025: 10%) on the estimated assessable profits arising in Korea
          during the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025.


                                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                    2026                  2025
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                             (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)


           Current — Korea profits tax
             Overprovision in prior periods                                                           45                      –
           Deferred                                                                               30,293                      –


           Total                                                                                  30,338                      –


     10. DIVIDENDS
          No dividend has been paid or declared by the Company during the six months ended 30 June 2026 (during the six months
          ended 30 June 2025: nil).




66         Everest Medicines Limited          Interim Report 2026
                Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                    30 June 2026




11. LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF
    THE PARENT
  The calculation of the basic loss per share amount is based on the loss for the period attributable to ordinary equity holders of
  the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding.


  No adjustment has been made to the basic loss per share amounts presented for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and
  2025 in respect of a dilution as the impact of the share options and restricted share units had an anti-dilutive effect on the
  basic loss per share amounts presented.


  The calculations of basic and diluted loss per share are based on:


                                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                    2026                    2025
                                                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)


   Loss
   Loss attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent for the purpose
     of calculating basic and diluted loss per share (RMB’000)                                    (5,944)               (249,790)



   Shares
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the
     period used in the basic and diluted loss per share calculation                        352,087,753             325,389,111



   Loss per share (basic and diluted) (RMB per share)                                               (0.02)                  (0.77)


12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
  During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group acquired property, plant and equipment with costs of RMB29,306
  thousand (unaudited) (for the six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB25,367 thousand (unaudited)).




                                                                                                                                      67
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2026




     13. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                                                               30 June                 31 December
                                                                                                                                    2026                          2025
                                                                                                                             RMB’000                        RMB’000
                                                                                                                          (Unaudited)                        (Audited)


            Deposit paid to a supplier (a)                                                                                       90,000                        90,000
            Prepayment for equipment                                                                                             51,333                          1,465
            Loan to directors (b)                                                                                                12,696                        12,767
            Rental deposits                                                                                                        7,433                         8,132


            Total                                                                                                              161,462                        112,364


          (a)   In December 2025, a subsidiary of the Group entered into the commercialisation service agreement with Hasten Biopharmaceutical Co.,Ltd.(“Hasten Bio”)
                which is controlled by CBC Group, pursuant to which the subsidiary of the Group shall pay a refundable deposit of RMB100,000 thousand to Hasten Bio
                which is paid in December 2025 and the deposit will be refunded to the Group in equal installments over a period of 10 years on average, provided that the
                Group achieves the sales target for the products for the applicable year commencing from the year of 2026. Therefore, the deposit refundable within one
                year of RMB10,000 thousand is classified as current assets, while the rest deposit refundable within two to ten years of RMB90,000 thousand is measured
                as non-current assets. Further details please refer to the announcement announced by the Company on 11 December 2025.


          (b)   On 2 July 2020, the Company provided a loan to one director of the Company, in the total amount of USD325 thousand. The loan has a term of three years
                and a simple interest rate of 5.0% per annum. The principal and accrued interest will be paid on the maturity date. In 2021, pursuant to an amendment
                agreement with this director, the interest rate decreased from 5.0% per annum to 1.25% per annum. In July 2023, according to the contract, such loan was
                automatically renewed for another three years with the same interest rate of 1.25% per annum, and the principal and interest will be repaid on the maturity
                date.


                In 2025, the Company provided loans of RMB4,903 thousand to Mr. Yifang Wu, RMB3,069 thousand to Mr. Yongqing Luo and USD334 thousand to Mr.
                Ian Ying Woo. The loans have a term of three years and bear simple interest at an annual rate of 1.25%. The principal and accrued interest will be paid on
                the maturity date.


                Maximum amounts outstanding during the year for Mr. Ian Ying Woo, Mr. Yifang Wu and Mr. Yongqing Luo are RMB4,673 thousand, RMB4,934 thousand
                and RMB3,088 thousand, respectively.


                There were no new loans advanced to directors during the six months ended 30 June 2026.




68         Everest Medicines Limited                   Interim Report 2026
                 Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                 30 June 2026




14. INVENTORIES
                                                                                              30 June           31 December
                                                                                                 2026                   2025
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                          (Unaudited)               (Audited)


    Raw materials                                                                              60,661                 15,787
    Pharmaceutical products                                                                    90,700                 16,435


    Total                                                                                     151,361                 32,222


15. TRADE RECEIVABLES
   An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date and net of loss
   allowance, is as follows:


                                                                                              30 June           31 December
                                                                                                 2026                   2025
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                          (Unaudited)               (Audited)


    Within 3 months                                                                           691,609                500,017


16. PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                              30 June           31 December
                                                                                                 2026                   2025
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                          (Unaudited)               (Audited)


    Prepayments to suppliers                                                                   72,567                 51,273
    Value-added tax recoverable                                                                56,379                 48,546
    Deposit paid to a supplier (note 13 (a))                                                   10,000                 10,000
    Others                                                                                         20                     19


    Total                                                                                     138,966                109,838




                                                                                                                                  69
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2026




     17. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                        30 June            31 December
                                                                                                            2026                      2025
                                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)                 (Audited)


           Non-Current:
           Payables for acquisition                                                                     647,844                          –
           Deposits                                                                                        4,100                         –


           Subtotal                                                                                     651,944                          –


           Current:
           Trade payables                                                                               189,560                 203,825
           Payables for service suppliers                                                               172,543                 252,156
           Salary and staff welfare payables                                                              58,039                 95,793
           Payables for property, plant and equipment                                                     38,608                 17,881
           Tax payables                                                                                   22,127                 13,191
           Others                                                                                         10,727                 12,256
           Deposits                                                                                        2,300                       600


           Subtotal                                                                                     493,904                 595,702


           Total                                                                                      1,145,848                 595,702


          An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                                        30 June            31 December
                                                                                                            2026                      2025
                                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)                 (Audited)


           Within 1 year                                                                                189,560                 203,825




70         Everest Medicines Limited           Interim Report 2026
                Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                      30 June 2026




18. BORROWINGS
                                            30 June 2026                             31 December 2025
                            Interest rate                                Interest rate
                                     (%)       Maturity      RMB’000              (%)      Maturity     RMB’000
                                                           (Unaudited)                                   (Audited)


   Current
   Unsecured bank loans                –              –             –            3.10        2026         10,387
   Secured bank loans (b)           3.70          2027        102,164               –            –              –
   Secured bank loans (c)     2.20–3.25           2027        177,997     2.35–2.80          2026         63,353
   Bank loans — interest
     payables                          –              –         1,131               –            –            695


                                                              281,292                                     74,435


   Non-current
   Unsecured bank loans                –              –             –            3.10        2027        162,712
   Secured bank loans (b)           3.70          2032        510,818               –            –              –
   Secured bank loans (c)     2.25–3.20      2027–2035      1,129,259     2.35–3.20      2027–2035       629,406


                                                            1,640,077                                    792,118


   Total                                                    1,921,369                                    866,553




                                                                                                                     71
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2026




     18. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
          Analysed into:


                                                                                                                                   30 June                 31 December
                                                                                                                                       2026                           2025
                                                                                                                                 RMB’000                        RMB’000
                                                                                                                              (Unaudited)                        (Audited)


            Repayable:
                Within 1 year                                                                                                      281,292                         74,435
                Between 1 and 2 years                                                                                              351,031                       343,428
                Between 2 and 5 years                                                                                              774,892                       131,555
                Over 5 years                                                                                                       514,154                       317,135


            Total                                                                                                               1,921,369                        866,553


          An analysis of the carrying amounts of borrowings by type of interest rate is as follows:


                                                                                                                                   30 June                 31 December
                                                                                                                                       2026                           2025
                                                                                                                                 RMB’000                        RMB’000
                                                                                                                              (Unaudited)                        (Audited)


            Fixed interest rate                                                                                                      56,198                        85,703
            Variable interest rate                                                                                              1,864,040                        780,155
            Interest payables                                                                                                         1,131                            695


            Total                                                                                                               1,921,369                        866,553


          (a)     Except for the secured bank loan disclosed in note 18(b) to the interim condensed consolidated financial information which is denominated in United States
                  dollars, all borrowings are denominated in RMB.


          (b)     The bank loan, which is pledged by a 100% equity interest in EverSea Medicines (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., is to finance the acquisition of the entire interest of
                  Hasten Biopharmaceuticals (SG) PTE. Ltd.


          (c)     Certain of the Group’s bank loans are pledged or guaranteed, RMB285,022 thousand (unaudited) (31 December 2025: RMB285,022 thousand) of which
                  are pledged by a building located in Jiaxing City, Zhejiang Province owned by a subsidiary of the Group with a net book value of RMB413,115 thousand
                  (unaudited) (31 December 2025: RMB443,608 thousand) and guaranteed by the Company, and RMB1,022,234 thousand (unaudited) (31 December 2025:
                  RMB407,737 thousand) of which are guaranteed by the Company.




72         Everest Medicines Limited                     Interim Report 2026
                 Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                30 June 2026




19. SHARE CAPITAL
   Shares

                                                                              Number of     Nominal value of
                                                                                  shares      shares in USD


    Authorised
    Authorised shares upon incorporation and as at
      30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025                                     500,000,000              50,000


                                                                                 30 June       31 December
                                                                                    2026               2025
                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                             (Unaudited)            (Audited)


    Issued and fully paid:
      353,829,875 (31 December 2025: 353,577,866) ordinary shares                    241                 241


   A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:


                                                                              Number of
                                                                          shares in issue      Share capital
                                                                                                   RMB’000


    As at 1 January 2026                                                    353,577,866                  241
    Exercise of share options                                                    252,009                   –


    As at 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)                                          353,829,875                  241



    As at 1 January 2025                                                    326,498,604                  221
    Issuance of shares to Share Scheme Trusts                                  2,606,081                   2
    Issue of shares                                                           22,561,000                  16
    Exercise of share options                                                  1,912,181                   2


    As at 31 December 2025 (Audited)                                        353,577,866                  241




                                                                                                                73
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2026




     19. SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)
          A summary of movements in the Company’s treasury shares is as follows:


                                                                    Number of shares                       Treasury shares
                                                                   30 June       31 December              30 June       31 December
                                                                       2026               2025               2026                2025
                                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000


           At the beginning of the period/year                   2,240,243           2,150,996                   –                   –
           Issuance of shares to Share Scheme Trusts                      –          2,606,081                   –                   2
           Restricted share units vested                         (1,365,390)        (2,516,834)                  –                  (2)


           At the end of the period/year                           874,853           2,240,243                   –                   –


     20. BUSINESS COMBINATION
          On 30 June 2026, the Group acquired entire interest in Hasten Biopharmaceuticals (SG) PTE. Ltd. from Hasten
          Biopharmaceuticals (Asia) Limited(“Hasten Asia”). Hasten Biopharmaceuticals (SG) PTE. Ltd. is principally engaged in in-
          licensing, development and commercialisation of innovative therapies in Greater China and other emerging Asia-Pacific
          markets. The acquisition was made as part of the Group’s strategy to accelerate the commercialization of its existing products
          in Asian markets, support a faster ramp-up in overseas revenue contribution, and represent an important step in the Group’s
          broader regional expansion. The consideration for the acquisition is in the form of cash, with USD150,000,000 paid at the
          acquisition date and the remaining USD50,000,000 and USD50,000,000 will be paid no later than 31 March 2028 and 2029,
          respectively.




74         Everest Medicines Limited             Interim Report 2026
                     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                                               30 June 2026




20. BUSINESS COMBINATION (CONTINUED)
   The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Hasten Biopharmaceuticals (SG) PTE. Ltd. as at the date of acquisition
   were as follows:


                                                                                                                                                 Fair value
                                                                                                                                               recognised
                                                                                                                                           on acquisition
                                                                                                                                                  RMB’000
                                                                                                                                               (Unaudited)


     Cash and bank balances                                                                                                                           17,647
     Trade receivables                                                                                                                                64,239
     Inventories                                                                                                                                      62,614
     Intangible assets                                                                                                                              986,738
     Other non-current assets                                                                                                                          1,310
     Trade and other payables                                                                                                                        (44,493)
     Deferred tax liabilities (including deferred tax liabilities arising from business combination)                                                 (69,820)


     Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                                                                 1,018,235


     Goodwill on acquisition                                                                                                                        651,247


     Total consideration(a)                                                                                                                      1,669,482


   (a)    The total consideration represents present value of the aggregated cash consideration by instalment for the acquisition which is discounted by using an
          effective interest rate as at the date of acquisition.



   An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition of a subsidiary is as follows:


                                                                                                                                                  RMB’000


     Cash consideration paid during the six months ended 30 June 2026                                                                            (1,021,638)
     Cash and bank balances acquired                                                                                                                  17,647
     Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from investing activities                                                   (1,003,991)


     Total net cash outflow                                                                                                                      (1,003,991)


   Had the combination taken place at the beginning of the period, the revenue from continuing operations of the Group and the
   loss of the Group for the period would have been RMB161,519,000 and RMB4,945,000, respectively.



                                                                                                                                                                    75
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2026




     21. COMMITMENTS
          (a)   The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                     30 June         31 December
                                                                                                        2026                 2025
                                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)             (Audited)


                    Property, plant and equipment                                                     16,969               35,075


     22. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
          Name of the related party and its relationship with the Group are set out below:


          CBC Group, mainly comprises C-Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P., C-Bridge Investment Everest Limited, C-Bridge II Investment
          Eight Limited, C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P., C-Bridge IV Investment Two Limited, C-Bridge IV Investment Nine Limited
          Ltd., C-Bridge Capital Investment Management, Ltd. (“C-Bridge Capital”), CBC Group Investment Management, Ltd, C-Bridge
          Value Creation Limited and Everest Management Holding Co., Ltd. As at 30 June 2026, CBC Group owned approximately
          24.75% (2025: 24.10%) of shares in the Group on a collective basis.


           Name of related party                                                Relationship with the Group


           CBC Joint Value Creation Limited                                     Entity controlled by CBC Group
           Hasten Bio                                                           Entity controlled by CBC Group
           Kang Pu (Shanghai) Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (“Kangpu”)           Entity controlled by CBC Group
           Hasten Asia                                                          Entity controlled by CBC Group




76         Everest Medicines Limited           Interim Report 2026
               Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                    30 June 2026




22. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
  (a)   The Group had the following transactions with related parties during the period:

                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2026                 2025
                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                               (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


         Management consultancy services provided by a related party
         CBC Joint Value Creation Limited                                                –                  144



         Sales services provided to a related party
         Hasten Bio                                                                144,802                      –



         Expenses incurred paid by a related party on behalf of the Group
         Hasten Bio                                                                  8,177                      –



         Acquisition of subsidiary paid to a related party
         Hasten Asia (note 20)                                                   1,021,638                      –



         Interest income from loan to directors                                         78                     15


  (b)   Outstanding balances with related parties

                                                                              30 June 2026   31 December 2025
                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                               (Unaudited)             (Audited)


         Loan to directors                                                          12,696               12,767
         Payables for acquisition to Hasten Asia (note 20)                         647,844                      –
         Deposit paid to Hasten Bio (note 13 (a))                                  100,000             100,000




                                                                                                                    77
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2026




     22. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
          (c)   Other transactions with a related party
                On 26 January 2026, the Group entered into a lease agreement with Kangpu, pursuant to which, the Group had
                additions to right-of use assets of RMB17,928,000 (unaudited), additions to lease liabilities of RMB16,888,000
                (unaudited) and additions to provision of RMB1,040,000 (unaudited).


                At the end of 30 June 2026, the amounts of lease liabilities are RMB15,024,000 (unaudited).


                During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the amounts of interest expense on lease liabilities are RMB202,000
                (unaudited).


          (d)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:

                                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                        2026                2025
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)


                    Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                         18,997              16,429
                    Performance related bonuses                                                        6,626               7,113
                    Pension scheme contributions                                                         469                 472
                    Share-based payment expenses                                                      34,425              30,184


                    Total                                                                             60,517              54,198




78         Everest Medicines Limited             Interim Report 2026
                 Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                       30 June 2026




23. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, bank deposits, trade receivables, financial
   liabilities included trade and other payables, financial assets included in prepayments and other current assets and the current
   portion of borrowings approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.


   The fair values of the financial assets are included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current
   transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions were
   used to estimate the fair values:


   The fair values of the non-current portion of borrowings have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows
   using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value
   as a result of the Group’s own non-performance risk for borrowings as at 30 June 2026 were assessed to be insignificant.


   Fair value hierarchy
   The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:


   Assets and liabilities measured at fair value:

   As at 30 June 2026


                                                                            Fair value measurement using
                                                               Quoted           Significant         Significant
                                                              prices in        observable       unobservable
                                                       active markets                inputs              inputs               Total
                                                              (Level 1)           (Level 2)           (Level 3)
                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                          (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)


    Financial assets
       Financial assets at FVTPL                              174,370                2,466                      –          176,836


       Total                                                  174,370                2,466                      –          176,836




                                                                                                                                         79
     Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
     30 June 2026




     23. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
         (CONTINUED)
          The Group did not have any financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 31 December 2025.


          For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group recognized fair value gain in financial assets at FVTPL amounting to
          RMB89,044 thousand, of which RMB88,608 thousand related to gains on equity investment in listed company in Level 1.


          Financial instruments in Level 1

          The fair values of listed equity investments are based on quoted market prices.


          Financial instruments in Level 2

          The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using valuation techniques. These
          valuation techniques maximise the use of observable market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity
          specific estimates. If all inputs that are significant to fair value measurement are observable, the instrument is included in Level 2.


          During the period, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or
          out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (six months ended 30 June 2025: Nil).


     24. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
          The Group had no significant events subsequent to the reporting period.


     25. APPROVAL OF THE INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          The interim financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 18 August 2026.




80         Everest Medicines Limited             Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                   Definitions



“2025 Annual Report”                 the annual report for the year ended 31 December 2025 of the Company published
                                     on 23 April 2026


“2026 Share Scheme”                  the share scheme of the Company adopted by the Company on 24 February 2026


“associate(s)”                       has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


“Audit Committee”                    the audit committee of the Company


“Board” or “Board of Directors”      the board of directors of our Company


“CG Code”                            the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules


“China” or the “PRC”                 the People’s Republic of China, and for the purpose of this interim report only, except
                                     where the context requires otherwise, excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special
                                     Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan region


“Companies Ordinance”                the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended,
                                     supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Company”, “our Company”,            Everest Medicines Limited, an exempted company with limited liability incorporated
  “the Company”, “Everest” or        under the laws of the Cayman Islands on 14 July 2017
  “Everest Medicines”


“connected person(s)”                has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“Controlling Shareholder(s)”         has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


“Director(s)”                        the director(s) of our Company


"FDA"                                U.S. Food and Drug Administration


“Group”, “our Group”, “the Group”,   the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time
  “we”, “us” or “our”


“Hasten”                             Hasten Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a company established in the PRC




                                                                                                                               81
     Definitions




     “Hong Kong” or “HK”                       the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China


     “Hong Kong dollars” or “HK dollars”,      Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
       “HKD” or “HK$”


     “IFRS”                                    International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time by the
                                               International Accounting Standards Board


     “IND”                                     investigational new drug or investigational new drug application, also known as
                                               clinical trial application in China


     “IPO”                                     initial public offering


     “Latest Practicable Date”                 17 August 2026, being the latest practicable date for ascertaining certain information
                                               in this interim report before its publication


     “Listing”                                 the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange


     “Listing Date”                            9 October 2020, the date on which the Shares were listed and on which dealings in
                                               the Shares are first permitted to take place on the Stock Exchange


     “Listing Rules”                           the Rules governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                               Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


     “Main Board”                              the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock Exchange
                                               which is independent from and operates in parallel with the Growth Enterprise Market
                                               of the Stock Exchange


     “Micot”                                   Shaanxi Micot Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd., a biotechnology company


     “Model Code”                              the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set out in
                                               Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules


     “NDA”                                     new drug application


     “NMPA”                                    China National Medical Products Administration (國家藥品監督管理局), successor to
                                               the China Food and Drug Administration (國家食品藥品監督管理總局)




82           Everest Medicines Limited      Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                   Definitions




“Nomination Committee”           the nomination committee of the Company


“Post-IPO Share Award Scheme”    the post-IPO share award scheme adopted by the Company on 21 September 2020


“Post-IPO Share Option Scheme”   the post-IPO share option scheme adopted by the Company on 21 September 2020


“Pre-IPO ESOP”                   the employee equity plan approved and adopted by our Company on 25 December
                                 2018 as amended and restated on 17 February 2020


“Pre-IPO MSOP”                   the employee stock option plan approved and adopted by our Company on 23
                                 November 2017


“Prospectus”                     the prospectus of the Company dated 25 September 2020


“R&D”                            research and development


“Remuneration Committee”         the remuneration committee of the Company


“Reporting Period”               the six months ended 30 June 2026


“RMB” or “Renminbi”              Renminbi, the lawful currency of PRC


“SFO”                            Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                 amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Share(s)”                       ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company, currently with a par value of
                                 US$0.0001 each


“Shareholder(s)”                 holder(s) of the Share(s)


“Stock Exchange”                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


“subsidiary” or “subsidiaries”   has the meaning ascribed to it thereto in section 15 of the Companies Ordinance


“substantial shareholder”        has the meaning ascribed to it in the Listing Rules


“treasury shares”                has the meaning ascribed to it in the Listing Rules




                                                                                                                        83
     Definitions




     “United States” or “U.S.”            the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas subject to its
                                          jurisdiction


     “US dollars”, “U.S. dollars”,        United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States
       “US$” or “USD”


     “%”                                  per cent




84         Everest Medicines Limited   Interim Report 2026
