Everest Medicines Limited

                            Everest Medicines Limited
                                   雲頂新耀有限公司


 雲頂新耀有限公司
                             (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

                                          Stock Code : 1952




                                          Better              Medicines,
                                                                                           Better   Life



                                         2021
   2021 Annual Report
                                    Annual Report
      Contents
  2   Corporate Information
  4   Chairman’s Statement
  7   Financial Highlights
  8   Business Highlights
 15   Management Discussion and Analysis
 26   Report of Directors
 50   Directors and Senior Management
 57   Corporate Governance Report
 72   Independent Auditor’s Report
 78   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss
 79   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
 81   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
 83   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
 85   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
176   Four Year Financial Summary
177   Definitions
    Corporate Information



    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                           COMPLIANCE ADVISER
    Executive Directors                                          Somerley Capital Limited
    Mr. Wei Fu (傅 唯) (Chairman of the Board )                    20th Floor, China Building
    Dr. Kerry Levan Blanchard                                    29 Queen’s Road Central
    Mr. Ian Ying Woo (何 穎)                                       Central, Hong Kong
    Mr. Xiaofan Zhang (張 曉 帆)
                                                                 AUDITOR
    Non-Executive Directors                                      PricewaterhouseCoopers
    Mr. Yubo Gong (龔 聿 波)                                        Certified Public Accountants and Registered
    Ms. Lan Kang (康 嵐)                                           Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                                                 22/F, Prince’s Building

    Independent Non-executive Directors                          Central, Hong Kong

    Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣 世 東)
    Mr. Yifan Li (李 軼 梵)                                         REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. Bo Tan (譚 擘)                                             PO Box 309, Ugland House
                                                                 Grand Cayman

    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                              KY1-1104, Cayman Islands

    Mr. Yifan Li (李 軼 梵) (Chairman )
    Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣 世 東)                                    HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL
    Mr. Bo Tan (譚 擘)                                             PLACE OF BUSINESS IN CHINA
                                                                 Plaza 66, Tower 1, Units 6601–6606
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                       1266 West Nanjing Road
    Mr. Bo Tan (譚 擘) (Chairman )                                 Shanghai, 200040, China
    Mr. Wei Fu (傅 唯)
    Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣 世 東)                                    PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
                                                                 HONG KONG
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                         Level 54, Hopewell Centre
    Mr. Wei Fu (傅 唯) (Chairman )                                 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong
    Mr. Yifan Li (李 軼 梵)
    Mr. Bo Tan (譚 擘)                                             LEGAL ADVISORS
                                                                 As to Hong Kong law and United States law
    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                                    Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom
    Ms. Yin Yin (印 茵)                                            42/F, Edinburgh Tower, The Landmark
      (resigned with effect from 31 January 2022)                15 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong
    Ms. Leah Liu (劉 栩 昕)
      (appointed with effect from 28 March 2022)                 As to PRC law
    Ms. Yee Wa Lau (劉 綺 華)                                       Zhong Lun Law Firm
                                                                 6/10/11/16/17F, Two IFC, 8 Century Avenue
    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                                   Pudong New Area, Shanghai 200120, PRC
    Mr. Ian Ying Woo (何 穎)
    Ms. Yee Wa Lau (劉 綺 華)




2         Everest Medicines Limited         Annual Report 2021
                                                    Corporate Information




As to Cayman Islands law
Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP
26th Floor, Central Plaza
18 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
PO Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square
Grand Cayman KY1-1102
Cayman Islands


HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor
Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East
Wan Chai, Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Silicon Valley Bank
3003 Tasman Drive, Santa Clara, CA 95054
United States of America


STOCK CODE
1952


COMPANY WEBSITE
www.everestmedicines.com




                                                                            3
    Chairman’s Statement



    Dear Everest Medicines Shareholders,


    While global GDP picked up in 2021 from contracting significantly the prior year, global trade and investment remained
    depressed by COVID-19 and related anti-pandemic measures worldwide. China’s annual GDP remained strong at an annual
    growth rate of 8.1%, but weakened in the second half of 2021, with the GDP of the fourth quarter slowing to 4%, driven in
    part by sporadic COVID-19 outbreaks, the downturn in the property market weighing on consumption, and supply shocks
    escalating the cost of raw materials. Looking ahead, the pandemic is likely to continue to dampen the global economy, which
    together with the chronic issue of international trade tensions has created a more cautious investment environment.


    The biotech sector saw pressure in stock market performance. The Hang Seng Hong Kong-Listed Biotech Index fell by over
    27% in 2021, peaking in July and dropping sharply in the second half of the year. Overall the Hang Seng Index fell 14% and
    the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index ended the year flat, reflecting market uncertainty. The biotech sector stock performance
    has been impacted by investor concerns on domestic healthcare regulatory policy changes, US-China macroeconomic
    tensions, and the large supply of biotech IPOs. These macro concerns were often decoupled from the scientific advances
    delivered by the sector, resulting in high quality companies like Everest Medicines being undervalued.


    In contrast to this challenging backdrop, 2021 was a highly productive year for Everest Medicines, as the Company achieved
    significant milestones across its different business units and made several strategically important license acquisitions.
    Notably, Everest continued to implement high-quality clinical trials at an accelerated pace, extended its diversified pipeline
    by licensing potentially best-in-class drug candidates and expanded its global presence by building teams in South Korea,
    Singapore, and the Taiwan region. Everest grew to over 400 employees, more than doubling in size since the end of 2020.


    Clinical and Regulatory Excellence


    The Company’s clinical team showed impressive execution capability, exemplified by completing the patient enrollment of its
    phase 2b bridging study (EVER-132-001) within three months, which delivered topline results with global quality standards. In
    2021, the Company completed the submissions of several New Drug Applications (NDAs) and a Biologics License Application
    (BLA) in Greater China, Singapore, and South Korea for Trodelvy for the treatment of adult patients with second-line and later
    lines metastatic triple negative breast cancer (TNBC). Everest also submitted NDAs for eravacycline (Xerava) for the treatment
    of complicated intra-abdominal infections in adult patients in both Mainland China and Hong Kong. In addition, Everest
    completed the Chinese patient enrollment for a global study evaluating Nefecon as a treatment for IgA Nephropathy (IgAN),
    while its partner, Calliditas, has received accelerated approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration (“US
    FDA”) for Nefecon in IgAN. Everest is also conducting a phase 3 study for etrasimod for the treatment of moderate-to-severe
    ulcerative colitis. Achieving these milestones not only demonstrated the Company’s clinical capabilities but also highlighted
    Everest’s penetration into international markets. Everest has expanded its footprint across the Asia Pacific region, while
    establishing itself as a commercial-ready biopharmaceutical company, with NDAs and BLAs expected to receive approvals
    in 2022.




4         Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                                                                       Chairman’s Statement




Furthermore, the Company made progress in extending its late-stage assets into other indications. In addition to second-
line and later lines metastatic TNBC, Trodelvy is under development for the treatment of hormone receptor-positive/human
epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (HR+/HER2-) metastatic breast cancer, urothelial cancer, non-small cell lung
cancer, gastric cancer, esophagus cancer and cervical cancer. Likewise, Xerava is under development for the treatment
of community-acquired bacterial pneumonia. As a result, the Company looks forward to a steady cadence of clinical data
milestones throughout 2022 for Trodelvy, Xerava, Nefecon, etrasimod and other assets in its pipeline.


Positioning for Future Growth

In parallel to the clinical team’s accomplishments, Everest has been building its commercialization capabilities with
accelerated momentum. Under the leadership of chief commercial officer Kevin Guo, the Company has rapidly assembled
a seasoned leadership team across the different commercial functions. The headcount of the commercial team grew to
128 by the end of the year and will continue to expand with anticipated approvals for Trodelvy and Xerava in China in 2022.
In 2021, the Company’s efforts were concentrated on forming an integrated commercialization platform to ensure market
readiness and market access as well as build advocacy among healthcare professionals, key opinion leaders, and other key
stakeholders. An example of the team’s success in this area has been the inclusion of Trodelvy in the 2021 Guidelines of
the China Anti-Cancer Association, Committee of Breast Cancer Society, reinforcing the potential for its positive and timely
reception once approved.


Everest is committed to building a highly effective discovery operation to broaden the Company’s pipeline. A discovery
team of 26 professionals has been built under chief scientific officer Dr. Jennifer Yang, who we appointed in April 2021.
The discovery team is carrying out multiple programs in oncological and renal diseases, including leveraging an AI-powered
antibody discovery platform through a multi-target collaboration with AbCellera Biologics Inc.


Moreover, Everest has built a dedicated messenger RNA (“mRNA”) vaccine discovery team to jointly execute the pre-clinical
development of other mRNA vaccines and work on a new version of the COVID-19 vaccine to address the Omicron variant.
This is a part of the comprehensive agreement with Providence Therapeutics Holdings Inc. Given the scarcity of mRNA
platforms in China, entering into the mRNA space is of unique strategic importance to the Company. To complement this
work on preventative COVID-19 vaccines, the Company has also entered into a global licensing agreement, in January 2022,
with Singapore’s Experimental Drug Development Centre (EDDC) for the exclusive worldwide rights to EDDC’s series of
potentially best-in-class oral antiviral treatment against SAR-CoV-2, the virus causing COVID-19 and its variants.


Business Development Accomplishments

2021 was a breakout year for Everest in broadening its pipeline by licensing potentially best-in-class and first-in-class drug
candidates. The Company’s commitment to accelerate innovative medicines for the world’s most pressing public health
issues is demonstrated by its investment in its infectious disease pipeline including its comprehensive licensing agreement
with Providence to advance its mRNA COVID-19 vaccine (PTX-COVID19-B) candidate in China and Asia’s emerging markets,
as well as its global partnership with the EDDC. Separately, Everest has also licensed EVER001 (also known as XNW1011),
a covalent reversible Burton’s tyrosine kinase (BTK) inhibitor from Suzhou Sinovent Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. (“Sinovent”)
and SinoMab BioScience (“SinoMab”) Limited with global rights for renal diseases, continuing the Company’s development
strategy in this area, complementing our existing product Nefecon.

                                                                                                                                 5
    Chairman’s Statement




    The Company’s business development strengths have been further validated in 2021 by an industry powerhouse. Everest’s
    partner for etrasimod, Arena Pharmaceuticals Inc., was acquired by Pfizer Inc. for US$6.7 billion with share price premium
    close to 100%. Etrasimod is the key drug in Arena’s portfolio. This demonstrated the value Pfizer now places on etrasimod,
    which is one that Everest recognized several years ago by bringing the drug candidate to China. Furthermore, Pfizer also
    made an equity investment in Spero Therapeutics, Inc., Everest’s partner for SPR206, again validating the Company’s
    foresight as well as the team’s impressive asset selection capability.


    Building on the Momentum


    For the year ended 31 December 2021, Everest received several industry accolades recognizing its achievements,
    innovations, and contributions to China’s biopharmaceutical sector, underscoring what was a standout year for the Company.
    In June 2021, at the inaugural BioChina Summit of the China Biopharmaceutical Forum in Suzhou, the Company was named
    one of the “Top 10 Leading ADC Drugs Corporations in China”. Then in September 2021, Everest was listed in the “Chinese
    Antibody Drug Companies Innovation TOP 30” at the “2020 Chinese Biopharma Companies Innovation TOP 100 Series
    Lists”, organized by MENET. Both recognitions by these respected industry forums were for Everest’s accomplishments with
    Trodelvy in connection with Antibody-Drug Conjugates (ADC).


    The Company received increasing capital markets recognition in 2021, thereby enhancing its visibility within the international
    investor community. In 2021, Everest Medicines was added to the key global equity index series and became a constituent
    of the Hang Seng Composite Index, the Hang Seng Healthcare Index and the Hang Seng Hong Kong-listed Biotech Index,
    granting it eligibility for the Southbound Stock Connect scheme. It was also included in the FTSE Small Cap Index, FTSE
    All-Cap Index and FTSE Total-Cap Index as well as the MSCI Global Small Cap Indexes — MSCI China Index, further
    enhancing the liquidity of the Company’s stock.


    2021 has been a pivotal year with so many achievements. Everest has laid the foundation for the future by establishing
    impressive growth prospects, with the ability to significantly contribute to patients and their families globally by providing
    innovative medicines that address their unmet medical needs. In 2022, Everest will continue to strive to achieve these goals,
    committed as always to the highest standards of quality, integrity, and excellence.


    In closing, the Company would like to express its deep gratitude to the Board and employees, partners and investors for
    their belief in and invaluable support of Everest Medicines as it continues to build and transform into a commercial-ready
    biopharmaceutical company.



    Mr. Wei Fu
    Chairman

    Hong Kong
    28 March 2022




6         Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                           Financial Highlights



IFRS NUMBERS:

•      Research and development (“R&D”) expenses increased by RMB236.0 million to RMB613.4 million for the year ended
       31 December 2021, from RMB377.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, primarily due to: (i) increased
       number of clinical trials for our drug candidates; (ii) expansion of internal discovery team to build up in-house R&D
       capabilities; and (iii) increased costs occurred in the process of technical transfer for our drug candidates.


•      General and administrative expenses decreased by RMB35.1 million to RMB242.7 million for the year ended
       31 December 2021, from RMB277.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, primarily due to decreased
       expenses in relation to the public listing of the Company in 2020.


•      Distribution and selling expenses increased by RMB165.0 million to RMB198.2 million for the year ended 31 December
       2021, from RMB33.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, primarily due to expansion of commercial
       organization and pre-launch and launch activities carried out for product commercialization.


•      Net loss for the year ended 31 December 2021 was RMB1,008.7 million, from RMB5,658.2 million for the year ended 31
       December 2020, primarily attributable to the decrease in loss from fair value change in financial instruments issued to
       investors.


•      Cash and cash equivalents amounted to RMB2,640.1 million as of 31 December 2021.


NONE-IFRS MEASURE:

•      Adjusted loss for the year1 was RMB777.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, representing an increase
       of RMB174.4 million from RMB602.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, primarily due to increase in R&D
       expense and distribution and selling expenses.


The table below sets forth a reconciliation of the loss for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company to
adjusted loss for the year during the periods indicated:


                                                                                                                       Year Ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                2021                          2020
                                                                                                                           (RMB in thousands)


    Loss for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company                                                 (1,008,719)                   (5,658,165)
    Added:
    Loss on fair value changes in financial instruments issued to investors                                                    6,452                   4,937,983
    Share-based compensation expenses                                                                                       224,980                       117,270
    Adjusted loss for the year                                                                                             (777,287)                     (602,912)


1      Adjusted loss for the year represents the loss for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company excluding the effect of certain non-cash items

       and one-time events, namely the loss on fair value changes of preferred shares (non-current financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss)

       and share-based compensation expenses. For the calculation and reconciliation of this non-IFRS measure, please refer to the paragraph numbered 15 under

       the heading “Financial Review” below.


                                                                                                                                                                          7
    Business Highlights



    We have made significant progress on all fronts of our business. In 2021 we continued to advance our portfolio assets with
    “China Speed and Global Quality” and expanded our pipeline by licensing potentially best-in-class drug candidates with global
    upside. We broadened our capabilities in discovery, commercial and manufacturing and have transformed our company into
    a fully integrated biopharmaceutical company in Asia. Our growing discovery team moved into a new 1,700 square meter
    research facility in Zhangjiang and is working on multiple projects in oncology, renal diseases and mRNA vaccines. We have
    established a commercial platform with leading commercial talents who have decades of experience detailing innovative
    medicines in China and Asia. This team has grown to 128 people as of 31 December 2021 and is working on preparing
    for multiple potential product launches in 2022. Finally, we continue to make solid progress with the construction of our
    manufacturing facilities in Jiashan, Zhejiang, and expect our facility to be operational in 2022.


    Sacituzumab govitecan (TrodelvyTM), our anchor drug candidate in the oncology therapeutic area, is a first-in-class TROP-2
    directed antibody-drug conjugate (“ADC”).


    •     Clinical and regulatory development achievements during the Reporting Period:


          —     On 6 January 2021, we submitted a New Drug Application (“NDA”) to the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”)
                of Singapore for sacituzumab govitecan for the treatment of patients with unresectable locally advanced or
                metastatic triple negative breast cancer (“TNBC”) who have received two or more prior systemic therapies, at
                least one for metastatic disease, and the indication was subsequently amended to second-line and later lines
                metastatic TNBC.


          —     On 6 January 2021, the Centre for Drug Evaluation (“CDE”) of the China National Medical Products Administration
                (“NMPA”) approved a China clinical trial application (“CTA”) for sacituzumab govitecan for the treatment of patients
                with metastatic urothelial cancer (“mUC”). This phase 3, global, multicenter, open-label randomized controlled
                TROPiCS-04 trial evaluates sacituzumab govitecan compared with standard of care chemotherapeutic options in
                subjects with metastatic or locally advanced unresectable urothelial cancer who have progressed after prior therapy
                with a platinum-based regimen and a programmed death receptor-1 (“PD-1”) or a programmed death-ligand (“PD-
                L1”) therapy. The first person was dosed in China of this trial on 26 August 2021.


          —     On 31 March 2021, the CDE of the China NMPA approved a CTA for a phase 2 basket trial for a variety of cancers with
                high TROP-2 expression. The trial is designed to evaluate sacituzumab govitecan monotherapy in 180 patients with
                relapse/refractory esophageal squamous cell carcinoma, gastric cancer, and cervical cancer at select sites in China.


          —     In April 2021, the Company’s partner, Gilead Sciences, Inc. (“Gilead”), received full approval from the US FDA for
                TrodelvyTM for the treatment of adult patients with second-line metastatic TNBC. The approval is supported by
                data from the phase 3 ASCENT study. In this study, TrodelvyTM demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically
                meaningful 57% reduction in the risk of disease worsening or death (progression-free survival (“PFS”)), extending
                the median PFS to 4.8 months from 1.7 months with chemotherapy (HR: 0.43; 95% CI: 0.35–0.54; p<0.0001).
                TrodelvyTM also extended the median overall survival (“OS”) to 11.8 months vs. 6.9 months (HR: 0.51; 95% CI:
                0.41–0.62; p<0.0001), representing a 49% reduction in the risk of death. The most frequent Grade >_ 3 adverse
                reactions for sacituzumab govitecan compared to single-agent chemotherapy in the study were neutropenia (52%
                vs. 34%), diarrhea (11% vs. 1%), leukopenia (11% vs. 6%) and anemia (9% vs. 6%). Adverse reactions leading
                to treatment discontinuation occurred in 5% of patients receiving sacituzumab govitecan. The TrodelvyTM U.S.
                Prescribing Information has a BOXED WARNING for severe or life-threatening neutropenia and severe diarrhea.



8         Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                                                                     Business Highlights




—   In April 2021, Gilead received accelerated approval from the US FDA for sacituzumab govitecan for the treatment
    of adult patients with locally advanced or mUC who have previously received a platinum-containing chemotherapy
    and either PD-1/ PD-L1 inhibitor. The accelerated approval was based on data from the phase 2, single-arm
    TROPHY study of 112 patients, which found that TrodelvyTM achieved a 27.7% overall response rate (“ORR”) with
    a 7.2-month median duration of response. Continued approval for this indication is contingent upon verification
    and description of clinical benefit in a confirmatory trial.


—   On 17 May 2021, NMPA accepted the Biologics License Application (“BLA”) for sacituzumab govitecan for
    the treatment of second-line and later lines metastatic TNBC in adult patients. Following the BLA acceptance,
    sacituzumab govitecan was granted priority review by the CDE of China NMPA in May 2021.


—   In May 2021, the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety (“MFDS”) of South Korea had granted Fast Track Designation
    and Orphan Drug Designation to sacituzumab govitecan for the treatment of later line metastatic TNBC.


—   In July 2021, the Taiwan Food and Drug Administration (“TDFA”) granted Pediatric and Rare Severe Disease
    Priority Review Designation to sacituzumab govitecan for adult patients with second-line metastatic TNBC.


—   On 11 November 2021, the Company announced the topline results of its bridging study, EVER-132-001,
    a single-arm, multi-center phase 2b study of sacituzumab govitecan conducted in China on patients with
    unresectable locally advanced or metastatic TNBC who have received two or more prior systemic therapies, at
    least one for metastatic disease. Sacituzumab govitecan met its primary endpoint with an ORR of 38.8%, as
    evaluated by an Independent Review Committee. Its safety profile was similar to that reported in prior studies, and
    no new safety signals were identified.


—   On 15 December 2021, MFDS of South Korea accepted the Company’s NDA for sacituzumab govitecan for the
    treatment of second-line and later lines metastatic TNBC in adult patients.


—   In December 2021, TFDA accepted the NDA submission of sacituzumab govitecan for the treatment of
    second-line and later lines metastatic TNBC in adult patients.


—   The phase 3 Asia study was ongoing, which is designed to assess and compare the efficacy and safety of
    sacituzumab govitecan versus treatment of physician’s choice in Asian patients with hormone receptor positive,
    HER2 negative metastatic breast cancer (“HR+/HER2- mBC”) who have failed at least two prior chemotherapy
    regimens. The trial will enroll approximately 330 HR+/HER2- mBC patients in Greater China and South Korea. The
    enrollment of this study is expected to complete enrollment by the first half of 2022.




                                                                                                                          9
     Business Highlights




     •    Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:


          —     On 10 January 2022, the Company announced it will participate in a study pursuant to a clinical trial collaboration
                between Gilead and Merck & Co., Inc. (MSD) to evaluate the combination of sacituzumab govitecan and MSD’s
                anti-PD-1 therapy Keytruda® (pembrolizumab) in first-line metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (“NSCLC”). As part
                of the collaboration, MSD will sponsor this trial. The Company will participate in the global phase 3 study in Asia
                through its existing collaboration agreement with Gilead.


          —     In January 2022, the HSA of Singapore approved the Company’s NDA for sacituzumab govitecan for the
                treatment of second-line and later lines metastatic TNBC.


          —     On 7 March 2022, our partner Gilead announced results from the phase 3 TROPiCS-02 study evaluating Trodelvy
                in patients with HR+/HER2- mBC who received prior endocrine therapy, CDK4/6 inhibitors and two to four lines
                of chemotherapy. The study met its primary endpoint with a statistically significant improvement in PFS versus
                physician’s choice of chemotherapy. The trial targeted a 30% reduction in the risk of disease progression or
                death. The primary endpoint results were consistent with those observed in the phase 1/2 IMMU-132-01 study
                in a subset of HR+/HER2- metastatic breast cancer patients. The first interim analysis of the key secondary
                endpoint of overall survival in the TROPiCS-02 study demonstrated a trend in improvement for overall survival. The
                safety profile for Trodelvy was consistent with prior studies, and no new safety concerns emerged in this patient
                population.


          —     We anticipate receiving the BLA decision from China NMPA and NDA decision from the TDFA for sacituzumab
                govitecan for the treatment of second-line metastatic TNBC in 2022.


     Nefecon (TarpeyoTM), our anchor drug candidate in cardio-renal therapeutic area, is a novel oral formulation of budesonide
     (budesonide delayed release capsules) in the development for the treatment of primary immunoglobulin A nephropathy (“IgAN”).


     •    Clinical and regulatory development achievements during the Reporting Period:


          —     The Company completed the Chinese patient enrollment into the NefIgArd phase 3 global registrational study
                evaluating Nefecon as a treatment for primary IgAN.


          —     Our partner, Calliditas Therapeutics AB (“Calliditas”), in April 2021 granted an accelerated assessment procedure
                on its marketing authorization application (“MAA”) for Nefecon in IgAN and submitted the MAA in May 2021. In
                September 2021, Calliditas announced that the European Medicine Agency’s (“EMA”) Committee for Human
                Medicinal Products (“CHMP”) has decided to continue the assessment of the MAA for Nefecon under standard
                procedure assessment timelines, with potential conditional approval in second quarter of 2022.




10         Everest Medicines Limited         Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                 Business Highlights




      —     On 15 December 2021 (US time), our partner Calliditas announced that the US FDA approved TARPEYOTM
            (developed under project name NEFECON) delayed release capsules, the first and only treatment indicated to
            reduce proteinuria in adults with primary IgAN at risk of rapid disease progression, generally a urine protein-
            to-creatinine ratio (“UPCR”) ≥1.5g/g. TARPEYOTM is approved under accelerated approval based on achieving
            its primary endpoint of reduction in proteinuria in Part A of the NeflgArd pivotal phase 3 study. Patients taking
            TARPEYO (n=97) showed a statistically significant 34% reduction in proteinuria from baseline vs 5% with RASi
            alone (n=102) at 9 months. The treatment effects for the primary endpoint of UPCR at 9 months were consistent
            across key subgroups, including key demographic and baseline disease characteristics.


•     Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:


      —     On 14 March 2022, the Company has entered into a license agreement with Calliditas to develop and
            commercialize NEFECON for the treatment of primary IgAN in South Korea, expanding its license in addition to
            rights held in Greater China and Singapore. The deal signals the Company’s latest efforts to further enhance its
            international commercial footprint.


      —     We expect to conduct an interim analysis of the Chinese patients in the global phase 3 NefIgArd study and this is
            expected to lead to a regulatory submission in China in the second half of 2022.


PTX-COVID19-B, a potentially best-in-class lipid nanoparticle-formulated mRNA COVID-19 vaccine with a strong
immunogenicity and tolerability profile.


•     Clinical and regulatory development achievements during the Reporting Period:


      —     On 1 December 2021, we announced jointly with Providence Therapeutics (“Providence”) that scientists from both
            companies had analyzed the sequence of the SARS-CoV-2 Omicron variant, selected viral sequences and designed
            plasmid clones to develop a new version of the COVID-19 vaccine specifically targeting the new Omicron variant.


      —     On 20 December 2021, PTX-COVID19-B was selected to be part of a World Health Organization (“WHO”)
            Solidarity Trial Vaccines (“STV”) clinical trial, an international, randomized clinical trial designed to rapidly evaluate
            the efficacy and safety of promising new candidate vaccines. The participation was approved by an independent
            vaccine prioritization advisory group based on pre-defined criteria, including their safety and proven potential for
            effectiveness, stability of the vaccine, whether they can be produced quickly for global distribution, and the ease
            with which they can be given to individuals. STV trials have started recruitment in selected sites in the Philippines,
            Mali, and Colombia. The trial will be sponsored by and paid by WHO.


•     Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:


      —     Providence will readout the data for the phase 2 trial of PTX-COVID19-B around mid-2022 and initiate a phase 3
            trial for booster indication in mid-2022 as well.


Eravacycline (XeravaTM), is a novel, fully synthetic fluorocycline intravenous antibiotic developed for use as first-line empiric
monotherapy for the treatment of multidrug resistant (“MDR”) infections, including MDR Gram-negative infections.
                                                                                                                                         11
     Business Highlights




     •    Clinical and regulatory development achievements during the Reporting Period:

          —     In March 2021 and September 2021 respectively, the China NMPA and the Department of Health of Hong Kong
                accepted an NDA for eravacycline for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections (“cIAI”).

          —     In August 2021, the CDE of the China NMPA approved the CTA for eravacycline for the treatment of
                community-acquired bacterial pneumonia (“CABP”).

     •    Post-Reporting Period milestones and expected achievements:

          —     We expect NDA approval for eravacycline for the treatment in cIAI in China within 2022.

     Other clinical-stage assets

     •    Clinical and regulatory development achievements during the Reporting Period:

          —     In August 2021, the phase 1b/2 study evaluating FGF401 in combination with PD-1 inhibitor, pembrolizumab, in
                patients with advanced solid tumors, such as hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) reached recommended phase 2
                dose. The trial is ongoing.

          —     In September 2021, we received the approval from the CDE of the China NMPA for the investigational new
                drug application under the Class One category for SPR206 (also known as EVER206), a novel, intravenous
                next-generation polymyxin product candidate in development for the treatment of MDR gram-negative bacterial
                infections.

          —     Ralinepag is a potentially best-in-class oral, selective potent, once-daily IP receptor agonist intended for the
                treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (“PAH”). We continue to progress our phase 3 registrational trial for
                PAH in China as part of a global phase 3 study conducted together with our partner United Therapeutics.

     •    Post-Reporting Period milestones and expected achievements:

          —     On 10 March 2022, our licensing partner, Venatorx Pharmaceuticals, reported positive results from its pivotal
                phase 3 study, CERTAIN-1 (Cefepime Rescue with Taniborbactam in cUTI), evaluating cefepime-taniborbactam,
                an investigational new drug, versus meropenem as a potential treatment for hospitalized adult patients with
                complicated urinary tract infections (“cUTI”), including acute pyelonephritis. The CERTAIN-1 trial enrolled 661
                adult patients globally, including China, who were randomized 2:1 to receive cefepime-taniborbactam 2.5g q8h
                or meropenem 1g q8h for 7 days (up to 14 days for patients with bacteremia). Cefepime-taniborbactam met the
                primary efficacy endpoint of statistical non-inferiority (“NI”) to meropenem in the microbiological intent-to-treat
                (microITT) population at Test of Cure (“TOC”) with composite microbiologic and clinical success occurring in 70.0%
                of cefepime-taniborbactam treated patients and 58.0% of meropenem treated patients (treatment difference 11.9;
                95% CI, 2.4, 21.6). A prespecified superiority test following confirmation of NI demonstrated the statistical superiority
                of cefepime-taniborbactam for the composite endpoint at TOC. The superiority of cefepime-taniborbactam was
                sustained in the composite microbiologic and clinical response at the Late-Follow-Up (Day 28-35) visit.




12         Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                                                                               Business Highlights




     —     On 23 March 2022, our partner, Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) announced positive topline results from a phase 3 study
           of etrasimod in development for the treatment moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis (“UC”) patients. In the
           study, etrasimod patients achieved statistically significant improvements in the primary endpoint of clinical remission
           at week 12 as compared with placebo. Statistically significant improvements were achieved in all key secondary
           endpoints in the trial as well. The safety profile was consistent with previous phase 2 studies. These data along
           with results from ELEVATE 52 are expected to form the basis for planned future regulatory filings. Results from the
           ELEVATE 52 study will be available by the end of first quarter 2022.


     —     We anticipate initiating the phase 1b/2 trial of the EVER-001 (also known as XNW1011), a next-generation covalent
           reversible Bruton’s tyrosine kinase (“BTK”) inhibitor for the treatment of renal diseases in 2022.


     —     We expect phase 1 clinical trial of EDDC-2214, as oral antiviral treatment against SAR-CoV-2 and its variants, to
           commence by the end of 2022.


     —     We are conducting a phase 3 study for etrasimod for the treatment of moderately to severely active UC, which is
           expected to complete enrollment in 2023.


Cautionary Statement required by Rule 18A.08(3) of the Listing Rules: The Company cannot guarantee that it will be able
to develop, or ultimately market, any of the above drug candidates successfully. Shareholders and potential investors of the
Company are advised to exercise due care when dealing in the shares of the Company.


KEY CORPORATE DEVELOPMENTS

•    On 18 February 2021, we appointed Kevin Guo as our chief commercial officer. Mr. Guo has more than 22 years
     of commercial leadership and business management experience across a number of multinational pharmaceutical
     companies. Under Mr. Guo’s leadership, we continue to remain focused on advancing our work across four strategic
     pillars to launch strategy formulation, develop commercial capabilities, embrace and deploy innovative solutions, and
     expand our international footprint.


•    Effective 15 March 2021, the Company was selected as a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Composite Index,
     the Hang Seng Healthcare Index and the Hang Seng Hong Kong-Listed Biotech Index in accordance with the latest
     index series release by Hang Seng Indexed Company Limited. At the same time, the Company became eligible for
     Southbound Trading under the Stock Connect Scheme, which is a channel that facilitates stock trading and investment
     between Hong Kong and a broader base of Chinese investors.


•    On 15 April 2021, we appointed Dr. Jennifer Yang as our chief scientific officer, whose deep expertise in drug discovery
     and translational medicine will help the Company establish a robust discovery organization that contributes to the
     strategic expansion of our clinical development pipeline.


•    Effective 18 June 2021, the Company’s stock was included as a constituent stock of the Small Cap Index, FTSE All-Cap
     Index and FTSE Total-Cap Index in the FTSE Global Equity Index Series.


•    Effective 30 November 2021, the Company’s stock was added to the MSCI Global Small Cap Indexes — MSCI China Index.
                                                                                                                                     13
     Business Highlights




     BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT UPDATES

     •    In July 2021, the Company established key strategic partnerships with Tencent Holdings Limited (“Tencent”), Medbanks
          Health Technology Co., Ltd (“Medbanks”) and MediTrust Health Co., Ltd. (“MediTrust”) to explore innovative tools in
          digital marketing, patients’ access to novel medicines and payment solutions. These are just first steps to achieving
          our strategic commercial goals of delivering a differentiated omni-channel approach to better engage with healthcare
          providers, payors and patients.


     •    In September 2021, the Company entered into two separate definitive agreements with Providence, a clinical stage
          biotechnology company developing mRNA therapeutics and vaccines, to (i) license rights to Providence’s mRNA
          COVID-19 vaccine candidates in Asia’s emerging markets, including Greater China, Southeast Asia and Pakistan, and
          (ii) establish a broad, strategic partnership to develop mRNA products globally leveraging Providence’s cutting-edge
          mRNA technology platform.


     •    In September 2021, we entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with Sinovent and SinoMab to develop, produce
          and commercialize EVER-001 (also known as XNW1011), a covalent reversible BTK inhibitor, globally for the treatment
          of renal diseases.


     •    In September 2021, we announced a multi-year collaboration and license agreement with AbCellera Biologics Inc.
          (“AbCellera”) to discover therapeutic antibodies for up to 10 targets selected by the Company. The partnership will help
          to expand Company’s portfolio of novel medicines across multiple indications, with the initial programs focusing on
          targets in oncology and the renal space.


     •    In January 2022, we entered into a global licensing agreement with Singapore’s national platform for drug discovery and
          development, the EDDC for the exclusive worldwide rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize EDDC’s series
          of viral 3C-like (“3CL”) protease inhibitors as a potentially best-in-class oral antiviral treatment against SAR-CoV-2 (the
          virus causing COVID-19) and its variants. The Company has full rights to sub-license the drug further and will receive full
          technology transfer.


     For details of any of the foregoing, please refer to the rest of this annual report and, where applicable, the Company’s prior
     announcements.




14         Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis



OVERVIEW

The Group is a biopharmaceutical company that integrates discovery, licensing, clinical development, commercialization and
manufacturing of potentially novel or differentiated therapies to address critical unmet medical needs initially in the Asia Pacific
markets, and eventually around the world. Since the founding of the Company in July 2017, we have strategically built a
portfolio of eleven promising clinical-stage drug candidates across oncology, immunology, cardio-renal disease and infectious
disease. We have targeted these four therapeutic areas based on the severity of the unmet medical needs, the size of the
at-risk patient population, and the emergence of innovative products globally.


Between January 2021 and January 2022, we have added three new drugs to our portfolio through in-licensing. These are all
earlier stage potentially first-in-class or best-in-class drug candidates, to which we have obtained global rights. The licensing
deal in mRNA space enables us gaining access to the cutting-edge mRNA platform, which presents significant long-term
opportunities for the Group. We will continue to build our portfolio using this strategy as well as advance our own internally
discovered assets to clinical stage. We aspire to advance novel therapies for the global market by leveraging our discovery
and clinical expertise.


PRODUCT PIPELINE

Our product pipeline includes eleven potentially first-in-class or best-in-class assets in our four therapeutic areas of focus:
oncology, immunology, cardio-renal disease and infectious disease.




                                                                                                                                       15
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     The following table summarizes our pipeline and the development status of each drug candidate as of the Latest Practicable Date:


                                                                                                   Everest Development Phase                                  Clinical Status
                              Molecule                      Commercial                                                         BLA/NDA
                                              Partner                           Indication                                     Application
                             (Modality)                       Right                                IND Phase1 Phase2 Phase3                         Global                      APAC


                                                                                                                                                                       NDA approved in
                                                                                                                                             BLA approved in US,        Singapore; BLA
                                                                                                                                             EU, Australia, Canada, accepted in China with
                                                                               mTNBC (2L)                                                                            priority review; NDA
                                                                                                                                               Great Britain and
                                                                                                                                                  Switzerland         submitted in South
                                                                                                                                                                      Korea and Taiwan



      Oncology
                                                                             HR+/HER2-(3L)                                                          Phase 3                     Phase 3
                                                            Greater China,
                               Trodelvy                 /   South Korea,                                                                                               Seek BLA approval
                            (sacituzumab                                       mUC (2/3L)                                                    BLA approved in US
                                                             Mongolia,                                                                                                based on US approval
                              govitecan)
                                                               SE Asia
                                                                                                                                                                     Join Gilead and Merck’s
                                                                               NSCLC (1L)                                                           Phase 3
                                                                                                                                                                               trial

                                                                               Asia basket trial                                                    Phase 2                     Phase 2

                                                                                mTNBC (1L)                                                          Phase 3

                              FGF401                                               HCC                                                             Phase 1/2                       /
                                                             Worldwide
                           (Small Molecule)
                                                                                                                                                                     South Korea and Taiwan


      Immunology
                                                                             Ulcerative Colitis                                                     Phase 3             included in multi-
                              Etrasimod                                                                                                                                    regional trial
                                                            Greater China,
                               (Small                                             Other
                                                             South Korea
                              Molecule)                                        autoimmune
                                                                                                                                                   Phase 2/31
                                                                                 diseases
                                                                              (CD and AD)
                               Tarpeyo
                                                            Greater China,
                              (Nefecon)                                           IgA                                                                                  Seek NDA approval
                                                              Singapore,                                                                     NDA approved in US
                                (Small                                        nephropathy                                                                             based on US approval
                                                             South Korea
                              Molecule)


      Cardio-renal
                              Ralinepag
                               (Small                       Greater China,         PAH                                                              Phase 3
                              Molecule)                      South Korea

                              XNW1011                                                                                                                                           Phase 1b/2
                                                             Worldwide         Renal disease
                             (EVER-001)

                                                            Greater China,     COVID-19
                              PTX-                            SE Asia,                                                                             Phase 2/3
                            COVID19-B                                           vaccine
                                                              Pakistan
                                                                                                                                                                        NDA approved in
                               XeravaTM                                                                                                            NDA
                                                                                                                                                                        Singapore; NDA
                                                            Greater China,         cIAI                                                          approved in
                            (eravacycline)          /                                                                                                                   filed in China and
                                                            South Korea,                                                                         US, EU, UK
                                (Small                                                                                                                                      Hong Kong




      Infectious Disease
                                                               SE Asia
                              Molecule)
                                                                                  CABP                                                                                          Phase 3

                            Taniborbactam                   Greater China,
                               (Small                       South Korea,           cUTI                                                             Phase 3
                              Molecule)                        SE Asia

                              SPR206                        Greater China,     Gram negative
                           (Small Molecule)                 South Korea,                                                                            Phase 1                     Phase 1
                                                               SE Asia           infections
                                                                              COVID-19 oral
                             EDDC-2214                       Worldwide           antiviral                                                          Phase 1
                                                                                treatments



16                         Everest Medicines Limited                  Annual Report 2021
                                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis




Abbreviations:        mTNBC=metastatic            triple-negative      breast      cancer;      HR+/HER2-=hormone            receptor-positive/human
epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative; mUC=metastatic urothelial cancer; NSCLC=non-small cell lung cancer;
HCC=hepatocellular carcinoma; CD=Crohn’s disease; AD=atopic dermatitis; IgA=immunoglobulin A; PAH=pulmonary
arterial hypertension; COVID-19=coronavirus disease 2019; cIAI=complicated intra-abdominal infections; CABP=community-
acquired bacterial pneumonia cUTI=complicated urinary tract infections; IND=investigational new drug; BLA=biologics license
application; NDA=new drug application; 1L=first-line of treatment; 2L=second-line of treatment; 3L=third-line of treatment;
SE Asia=Southeast Asia; US=United States; Greater China=PRC, Hong Kong SAR, Macau SAR and Taiwan.


Note:



(1)     Arena is conducting a phase 2/3 program for CD and is planning on initiating a phase 3 development program for AD.



Business Review


Business Development


Through our business development efforts, we extended our pipeline in 2021 with two new licensing agreements and a
discovery collaboration. One of these new partnerships was with Providence on the rights to their mRNA platform, which
includes a COVID-19 vaccine candidate for China and Asia’s emerging markets and other vaccines to be developed with
global rights for the Company. The second was a global licensing arrangement with Sinovent and SinoMab to develop,
produce and commercialize EVER001, a covalent reversible BTK inhibitor for the treatment of renal diseases. The multi-target
discovery collaboration we entered into in 2021 was with AbCellera to leverage their AI-powered antibody discovery platform
to pursue discovery projects in oncology and renal diseases, enabling us to advance our plans to build our own organic
discovery platform.


After the Reporting Period, we entered into a global licensing arrangement to obtain exclusive worldwide rights to develop,
manufacture and commercialize EDDC’s series of viral 3CL protease inhibitors as a COVID-19 oral antiviral treatment and
complements our existing COVID-19 vaccine program, including PTX-COVID19-B.


These agreements reflect our growth strategy to license early-stage assets and secure global rights, allowing us to showcase
our discovery efforts and allow the Company to realize value beyond our core Asia Pacific markets, offer potential out-
licensing opportunities, further establishing the Company as a leading player in the Asian biotechnology sector.


Commercialization


Transitioning to the next phase of growth as a commercial-stage company, we have built an industry-leading commercial
team under the leadership of our chief commercial officer, Kevin Guo, with three key therapeutical areas in oncology, internal
medicines and infectious diseases with shared functions including medical affairs, market access, key account & channel
management, strategic planning and commercial excellence.




                                                                                                                                                       17
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Our commercial team have been working extensively on launch preparation, optimizing brand and communication strategy,
     organizing education tactics, and to build brand awareness through engagements with different stakeholders. Meanwhile,
     access readiness, distribution network building and sale force readiness are well in progress. In oncology, more than 90
     symposiums were conducted with about 400 expert speakers and healthcare personnel participating over 300,000 times.
     With the improvement of awareness and acceptance level among physicians, sacituzumab govitecan has been included
     in China Anti-cancer Association Committee of Breast Cancer Society (CACA-CBCS) for Clinical Diagnosis and Treatment
     of Advanced Breast Cancer in China (2021 edition). Simultaneously, key opinion leaders (KOL) engagements and medical
     education activities about IgAN and cIAI are executed as planned, building advisory endorsement and unmet medical needs
     among target audience after launch.


     Besides Mainland China, we have also expanded our geographical footprint by establishing new offices with general managers
     and core teams in South Korea, Taiwan and Singapore to ensure commercial success in those markets. We started various
     activities to educate physicians and promote TrodelvyTM and XeravaTM in Singapore since they obtained NDA approval.


     As of 31 December 2021, the headcount of the commercial team reached 128. The team will continue to be further expanded
     at an appropriate time when approaching the expected approval decision dates for TrodelvyTM and XeravaTM in Mainland China
     and other Asian markets.


     In addition to prioritizing the building of its commercial team, Everest Medicines regards innovation and partnership as
     the foundation of its strategic roadmap. In July 2021, Everest Medicines entered into a series of strategic collaborations
     with Tencent, Medbanks and MediTrust in digital platforms, mobile terminals, medical insurance, innovative payment
     solutions and other initiatives as part of the commercialization pillars. In January 2022, the Company announced a strategic
     commercialization cooperation with Yuanxin Group. As of the Latest Practicable Date, all major players of third-party payment
     solution for innovative drug have become the Company’s partners. Additionally, Everest reached a strategic cooperation
     with the Sinopharm Group (“Sinopharm”) in January 2022. By leveraging on Sinopharm’s pharmaceutical distribution and
     supply chain services, the Company is well positioned to gain better market access, penetration of lower tier cities and wider
     coverage of the end market.


     Future Development


     Looking ahead, we will continue to drive progress towards our corporate goal of becoming a leading biopharmaceutical
     company that integrates discovery, licensing, clinical development, commercialization and manufacturing of globally
     innovative therapies and vaccines to address critical unmet medical needs, initially in the Asia Pacific markets, and eventually
     around the world.


     In 2022, we will endeavor to work with our partner Gilead on the expansion of new indications for sacituzumab govitecan in
     mUC, HR+/HER2- mBC, NSCLC and other high TROP-2 expression cancers. Regarding Nefecon, we will file an NDA in China
     with a view to launching it in 2023. Outside of China, there is the potential to launch PTX-COVID19-B in 2023 in Southeast
     Asia. Through the licensing of EDDC-2214, we have formed a multi-pronged approach to combat COVID-19, from virus
     prevention to virus treatment in China and internationally.


     We will continue to expand our innovative drug portfolio in areas of high unmet medical needs through in-licensing and
     organic growth of internal discovery capabilities. We are building our discovery team by recruiting experienced talents in drug
     discovery and translational research. The team has established collaboration with AbCellera’s AI powered antibody discovery

18         Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis




platform to quickly advance to discovery programs. Through our strategic collaboration with Providence, the Company is
expanding into vaccine discovery via the use of important mRNA platform in developing mRNA prophylactic vaccines for
infectious diseases. Our new research laboratory in Zhangjiang, Shanghai is fully operationalized with 1700 square meter
state-of-the-art facility equipped with 1000 square meter of lab space including a BSL-2 lab.


Business development efforts are ongoing as we continue to identify assets and technologies that complement our existing
portfolio and offer opportunities for commercial synergy, as well as a potential share of global economics.


We will continue to build our commercial infrastructure with deep expertise, especially in sales, marketing, and medical affairs
across therapeutic areas to support our upcoming commercial launch of TrodelvyTM and XeravaTM. Meanwhile, we will be
actively exploring innovative insurance solutions in addition to finalizing our market access and pricing strategy for TrodelvyTM.


We are building our own good manufacturing practice (“GMP”)/Good Supply Practice manufacturing facilities in China for
mRNA COVID-19 vaccine production and also for other molecules. The mRNA manufacturing facilities is expected to begin
production in the second half of 2022.


Financial Review

Year Ended 31 December 2021 Compared to Year Ended 31 December 2020


                                                                                                 Years Ended 31 December
                                                                                                        2021               2020
                                                                                                   (RMB in thousands)


  Revenue                                                                                                 54                  —
  Cost of revenue                                                                                         (23)                —
  Gross Profit                                                                                            31                  —
  General and administrative expenses                                                               (242,676)          (277,833)
  Research and development expenses                                                                 (613,433)          (377,411)
  Distribution and selling expenses                                                                 (198,150)           (33,246)
  Other income                                                                                         4,956              1,084
  Other gains/(losses) — net                                                                          22,940             (1,051)
  Operating loss                                                                                  (1,026,332)          (688,457)
  Finance income/(costs) — net                                                                        24,065            (31,725)
  Fair value change in financial instruments issued to investors                                      (6,452)        (4,937,983)
  Loss before income tax                                                                          (1,008,719)        (5,658,165)
  Income tax expense                                                                                       —                  —
  Loss for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company                             (1,008,719)        (5,658,165)
  Total comprehensive loss for the year attributable to the equity holders
    of the Company                                                                                (1,121,208)        (5,246,910)


  Non-IFRS measure:
  Adjusted loss for the year                                                                        (777,287)          (602,912)




                                                                                                                                     19
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     1.   Overview


          For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group recorded a loss of RMB1,008.7 million. The general and
          administrative expenses were RMB242.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 as compared with
          RMB277.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. The research and development expenses of the group
          were RMB613.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, as compared with RMB377.4 million for the year
          ended 31 December 2020.


     2.   Revenue


          For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group generated revenue of RMB54 thousand from sales of eravacycline
          in Singapore.


     3.   R&D Expenses


          Our R&D expenses increased from RMB377.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 to RMB613.4 million for the
          year ended 31 December 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to (i) increased number of clinical trials of our
          drug candidates; (ii) expansion of internal discovery team to build in-house R&D capabilities; and (iii) increased costs
          occurred in the process of technical transfer for our drug candidates.


          The following table sets forth the components of our research and development expenses for the periods indicated:


                                                                                             Years Ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2021                  2020
                                                                                                 (RMB in thousands)


            Clinical trial and research expenses                                                  292,822               211,304
            Employee benefit expenses                                                             283,251               136,001
            Professional expenses                                                                  12,601                10,691
            Depreciation                                                                           14,149                11,973
            Office and travelling expenses                                                          8,891                 6,683
            Others                                                                                  1,719                   759


            Total                                                                                 613,433               377,411



     4.   Distribution and Selling Expenses


          Our distribution and selling expenses increased from RMB33.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 to
          RMB198.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. The increase was primarily due to expansion of commercial
          organization and pre-launch and launch activities carried out for product commercialization.



20        Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis




5.    General and Administrative Expenses


      Our general and administrative expenses decreased from RMB277.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2020
      to RMB242.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to decreased
      expenses in relation to the listing of the Company in 2020.


6.    Other Income


      Other income increased from RMB1.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 to RMB5.0 million for the year
      ended 31 December 2021. The increase of other income was primarily attributable to government grants.


7.    Other Gains/(Losses) — Net


      The Group’s other gains for the year ended 31 December 2021 was RMB22.9 million, compared to other losses
      of RMB1.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, primarily attributable to foreign exchange gains from
      operating activities.


8.    Operating Loss


      The operating loss of the Group increased from RMB688.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 to
      RMB1,026.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to (i) employee
      remuneration increases in connection with organization expansion; (ii) expanded research and development activities;
      and (iii) commencement of commercial activities.


9.    Finance Income/(Costs) — Net


      The Group’s finance income for the year ended 31 December 2021 was RMB24.1 million, compared to finance costs of
      RMB31.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, primarily attributable to interest income on bank balances.


10.   Fair Value Change in Financial Instruments Issued to Investors


      The Group recorded a loss from fair value change of financial instruments issued to investors of RMB6.5 million for
      the year ended 31 December 2021 and RMB4,938.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. Apart from the
      preferred shares issued by our subsidiary, EverNov Medicines Limited (“EverNov”), all of the Group’s preferred shares
      were converted to ordinary shares upon the Global Offering of the Company, the loss from fair value change of financial
      instruments issued to investor for the period ended 31 December 2021 were due to the increase in per share fair value
      of preferred shares issued by EverNov.




                                                                                                                                21
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     11.   Income Tax Expense


           For the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Company did not incur any income tax expense as the Company
           did not generate taxable income in both years.


     12.   Loss for the Year Attributable to the Equity Holders of the Company


           The loss for the year attributable to equity holders of the Company decreased by RMB4,649.5 million to
           RMB1,008.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 from RMB5,658.2 million for the year ended 31 December
           2020, primarily attributable to the decrease in loss from fair value change of financial instruments issued to investors.


     13.   Other Comprehensive (Loss)/Income


           Other comprehensive loss for the year ended 31 December 2021 was RMB112.5 million, compared to other
           comprehensive income of RMB411.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. Such change was primarily
           attributable to decreased fair value change from Group’s equity investment in I-Mab Biopharma (“I-Mab”) on
           31 December 2021 comparing to 31 December 2020, which is measured based on quoted market share price of I-Mab
           and such change is recorded in other comprehensive income.


     14.   Total Comprehensive Loss for the Year Attributable to the Equity Holders of the Company


           As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s loss for the year ended 31 December 2021 was RMB1,121.2 million, compared
           to a loss for the year ended 31 December 2020 was RMB5,246.9 million.


     15.   Non-IFRS Measure


           To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements, which are presented in accordance with the IFRS, the
           Company also uses adjusted loss for the year, which is not required by, or presented in accordance with the IFRS. The
           Company believes that the adjusted loss for the year provides useful information to shareholders and potential investors
           in understanding and evaluating the Group’s consolidated results of operations.


           Adjusted loss for the year represents the loss for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company excluding
           the effect of certain non-cash items and one-time events, namely the loss on fair value changes in financial instruments
           issued to investors and share-based compensation expenses. The term adjusted loss for the year is not defined under
           the IFRS. The use of this non-IFRS measures have limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it
           in isolation from, or as substitute for analysis of, the Group’s results of operations or financial condition as reported
           under IFRS. The Company’s presentation of such adjusted figure may not be comparable to a similarly titled measure
           presented by other companies. However, the Company believes that this measure is a reflection of the Group’s normal
           operating results by eliminating potential impacts of items that the management do not consider to be indicative of the
           Group’s operating performance, and thus facilitate comparisons of operating performance from period to period and
           company to company to the extend applicable.




22         Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis




      The table below sets forth a reconciliation of the loss for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company to
      adjusted loss for the year during the periods indicated:


                                                                                             Years Ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2021                    2020
                                                                                                  (RMB in thousands)


        Loss for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company                    (1,008,719)             (5,658,165)
        Added:
        Loss on fair value changes in financial instruments issued to investors                      6,452             4,937,983
        Share-based compensation expenses                                                         224,980                117,270
        Adjusted loss for the year                                                               (777,287)               (602,912)


16.   Liquidity and Source of Funding


      As of 31 December 2021, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents decreased to RMB2,640.1 million from
      RMB4,481.1 million as of 31 December 2020. The decrease primarily resulted from upfront payments to Providence,
      Sinovent and Sinomab in connection with the licensing agreements we entered into in 2021, investment in ongoing R&D
      projects, commercialization activities and other business related activities.


      As of 31 December 2021, the current assets of the Group were RMB2,687.9 million, including bank balances and cash
      of RMB2,640.1 million and other current assets of RMB47.8 million. As of 31 December 2021, the current liabilities of the
      Group were RMB270.3 million, including trade payable of RMB241.4 million, lease liabilities of RMB28.3 million and amounts
      due to related party of RMB0.6 million. As of 31 December 2021, the Group has borrowings from Jiashan Shanhe Equity
      Investment Company (“Jiashan Shanhe”) of RMB360.9 million.


      Details of cash and cash equivalents are set out in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.


      Operating Activities


      Net cash used in our operating activities for the year ended 31 December 2021 was RMB729.9 million. Our net loss was
      RMB1,008.7 million for the same period. The difference between our loss before income tax and our net cash used in
      operating activities was primarily attributable to (i) changes in the working capital and (ii) partially offset by share-based
      compensation to employees in the amount of RMB225.0 million.


      Net cash used in our operating activities for the year ended 31 December 2020 was RMB471.9 million. Our net loss
      was RMB5,658.2 million for the same year. The difference between our loss before income tax and our net cash
      used in operating activities was primarily attributable to (i) the fair value loss of financial instruments in the amount of
      RMB4,938.0 million and (ii) increased share-based compensation to employees in the amount of RMB102.4 million.




                                                                                                                                       23
     Management Discussion and Analysis




           Investing Activities


           Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended 31 December 2021 was RMB975.8 million, attributable to
           purchase of intangible assets of RMB865.9 million mainly in connection with (i) payments of USD100 million (equivalent
           to RMB645.2 million) to Providence for the comprehensive agreement the Company entered on 13 September 2021;
           (ii) payment of USD12 million (equivalent to RMB77.4 million) to Sinovent and Sinomab for the licensing agreement of a novel
           BTK inhibitor in renal diseases signed on 16 September 2021; and (iii) milestone payment for taniborbactam and Nefecon.

           Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended 31 December 2020 was RMB520.0 million, primarily attributable
           to our purchase of intangible assets of RMB475.9 million in connection with our milestone payment for sacituzumab
           govitecan.


           Financing Activities


           Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended 31 December 2021 was RMB76.5 million, primarily attributable
           to share buy-back of RMB58.7 million.


           Net cash generated from financing activities for the year ended 31 December 2020 was RMB5,637.9 million, primarily
           attributable to the Global Offering and Series C financing.


     17.   Treasury Policy

           Majority of our cash arises from equity funding. Such cash can only be invested in relatively liquid and low-risk
           instruments such as bank deposits or money market instruments. The primary objective of our investments is to
           generate finance income at a yield higher than the interest rate of current bank deposits, with an emphasis on
           preserving principal and maintaining liquidity.


     18.   Key Financial Ratios


           The following table sets forth the key financial ratios for the periods indicated:


                                                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                                                              2021              2020


                 Current ratio(1)                                                                                             9.95              24.06


           Note:



           (1)       Current ratio is calculated using current assets divided by current liabilities as of the same date.



           Gearing ratio is calculated using interest-bearing borrowings less bank balances and cash, divided by total equity and
           multiplied by 100%. As at 31 December 2021, the Group was in a net cash position and thus, gearing ratio is not applicable.




24          Everest Medicines Limited                       Annual Report 2021
                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis




19.   Significant Investments


      The Group did not make or hold any significant investments (including any investment in an investee company with a value
      of 5% or more of the Company’s total assets as at 31 December 2021) for the year ended 31 December 2021.


20.   Material Acquisitions and Disposals


      The Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, consolidated affiliated entities or
      associated companies for the year ended 31 December 2021.


21.   Future Plans for Material Investments or Capital Asset


      Except as disclosed in this annual report, the Company has no other future plans for material investments and capital assets.


      The construction of quality control building, production building, warehouse building and other facilities of Jiashan
      manufacturing site is ongoing and we will continue the build as well as equipment installation.


22.   Pledge of Assets


      As at 31 December 2021, the land for our Jiashan manufacturing facility has been pledged to Jiashan Shanhe.


23.   Contingent Liabilities


      The Group had no material contingent liabilities as of 31 December 2021.


24.   Foreign Exchange Exposure


      The Company’s functional currency is United States Dollars and the functional currency of the Company’s subsidiaries
      in China is Renminbi. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group mainly operated in China and the majority
      of the transactions were settled in Renminbi, the functional currency of the operating entities. Our financial assets
      and liabilities are subject to foreign currency risk as a result of certain bank deposits and trade and other payables
      denominated in non-functional currency. Therefore, the fluctuations in the exchange rate of functional currency against
      non-functional currency could affect our results of operations. We have not entered into any hedging transactions to
      manage the potential fluctuation in foreign currency as at 31 December 2021.




                                                                                                                                      25
     Report of Directors



     The Board is pleased to present this report of Directors together with the consolidated financial statements of the Group for
     the year ended 31 December 2021.

     DIRECTORS
     The Directors who held office during the year ended 31 December 2021 and up to the Latest Practicable Date are:

     Executive Directors:

     Mr. Wei Fu (傅 唯) (Chairman of the Board)
     Dr. Kerry Levan Blanchard
     Mr. Ian Ying Woo (何 穎)
     Mr. Xiaofan Zhang (張 曉 帆)

     Non-Executive Directors:

     Mr. Yubo Gong (龔 聿 波)
     Ms. Lan Kang (康 嵐)

     Independent Non-Executive Directors:

     Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣 世 東)
     Mr. Yifan Li (李 軼 梵)
     Mr. Bo Tan (譚 擘)

     Biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” on pages 50 to 56
     of this annual report.

     In accordance with Article 16.19 of the Article of Association, Dr. Kerry Levan Blanchard, Mr. Yubo Gong and Mr. Shidong
     Jiang shall retire at the AGM. All of the above Directors, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.

     CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
     Changes in Directors’ information are set out below pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules:

       Name of Director                                Details of Change


       Ms. Lan Kang                                    appointed as a non-executive board director of I-MAB Biopharma (NASDAQ:
                                                            IMAB) on 31 August 2021 and an independent board director of Avantor
                                                            (NYSE: AVTR) on 14 May 2021.
       Mr. Shidong Jiang                                appointed as the head of sales and marketing of Beijing Astellas Medical
                                                            Co., Ltd. on 1 January 2022.
       Mr. Wei Fu                                        resigned as a director of Everest Medicines II (BVI) Limited, a subsidiary of
                                                            the Group, which was deregistered on 19 November 2021.
       Mr. Yifan Li                                      resigned as an independent director of Shanghai International Port Group
                                                            Co., Ltd. (SSE: 600018) on 15 September 2021.




26          Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                                                                            Report of Directors




Save as disclosed above, the Company is not aware of other changes in the Directors’ information which are required to be
disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.


GENERAL INFORMATION

The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 14 July 2017 as an exempted company with limited liability. The
Company’s Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 9 October 2020.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

We are a biopharmaceutical company that integrates licensing, clinical development and commercialization of potentially
novel or differentiated therapies to address critical unmet medical needs in Greater China and other emerging Asia Pacific
markets.


RESULTS

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 are set out in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
loss on page 78 of this annual report.


BUSINESS REVIEW

A fair review of the business of the Group as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws
of Hong Kong), including an analysis of the Group’s financial performance and an indication of likely future developments in
the Group’s business is set out in the sections headed “Chairman’s Statement” and “Management Discussion and Analysis”
on pages 4 to 6 and pages 15 to 25 of this report. These discussions form part of this report. Events affecting the Company
that have occurred since the end of the financial year is set out in the section headed “Important Events After the Reporting
Period” on page 49 in this report.


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The following list is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are beyond its
control:


•     the financial position and need for additional capital;


•     uncertain outcomes of clinical development of our drug candidates;


•     its ability to identify, discover or in-license new drug candidates;




                                                                                                                                27
     Report of Directors




     •    all material aspects of the research, development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products are heavily
          regulated;


     •    commercialization of our drug candidates;


     •    reliance on our business partners and third parties;


     •    the patent and other intellectual property protection for our drug candidates; and


     •    risks related to industry, business and operations.


     However, the above is not an exhaustive list. Investors are advised to make their own judgment or consult their own
     investment advisors before making any investment in the Shares.


     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

     The Group is committed to fulfilling social responsibility, promoting employee benefits and development, protecting the
     environment and giving back to community and achieving sustainable growth.


     For more details, please refer to the Environmental, Social and Governance Report to be published by the Company in due
     course.


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

     As far as the Board and management are aware, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the relevant laws and
     regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group. For the year ended 31 December 2021,
     there was no material breach of, or non-compliance with, applicable laws and regulations by the Group.


     EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICIES

     As at 31 December 2021, the Group had 405 (2020: 149) employees, 384 based in China, 10 based in the United States,
     6 based in South Korea, 3 based in Singapore, 1 based in France and 1 based in Indonesia, including a total of 60 employees
     with a Ph.D. degree or an M.D. degree.




28         Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                                                                            Report of Directors




The following table sets forth the total number of employees by function as of 31 December 2021:


                                                                                           Number of
  Function                                                                                 employees             % of total


  Business Development                                                                               7               1.73%
  Clinical Development                                                                             127             31.36%
  Commercialization                                                                                128             31.60%
  Chemistry, Manufacturing, and Controls                                                            20               4.94%
  Discovery                                                                                         26               6.42%
  Operations and Administrative                                                                     97             23.95%


  Total                                                                                            405               100%



The remuneration of the employees of the Group comprises salaries, bonuses, social security contributions and other welfare
payments. In accordance with applicable Chinese laws, we have made contributions to social security insurance funds
(including pension plans, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, unemployment insurance and maternity insurance)
and housing funds for our employees.


Employees are important resources for the Group’s sustainable operation and steady development. The Company has
formulated policies related to employees’ remuneration, rights and interests and conducted various staff training, details of
which are further set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report to be published by the Company in due course.


The Company has also adopted the Share Schemes to provide incentives for the Group’s employees. Please refer to the
sections headed “Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plans” and “Post-IPO Share Incentive Plans” on pages 37 to 39 and pages 40 to
44 in this report for further details.


The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 was RMB574.8 million, as
compared to RMB309.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2020.


For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group did not experience any significant labour arbitration or litigation or any
difficulty in recruiting employees.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

We have generated revenue from eravacycline sales in Singapore during the Reporting Period of RMB54 thousand. 100% of
sales are generated from Apex Pharma Marketing Pte. Ltd in Singapore.


For the year ended 31 December 2021, purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for approximately
21.1% (2020: 33.9%) of the Group’s total purchase amount in the same year. The Group’s largest supplier for the year ended
31 December 2021 accounted for approximately 7.3% (2020: 10.2%) of the Group’s total purchase amount for the same year.

                                                                                                                                29
     Report of Directors




     None of the Directors, their respective close associates, or any shareholder of the Company who, to the knowledge of the
     Directors, owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued capital, has any interest in any of the Group’s five largest suppliers.


     For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group did not experience any significant disputes with its customers or suppliers.


     FINANCIAL SUMMARY

     A summary of the audited consolidated results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last four financial years, as
     extracted from the audited consolidated financial statements, is set out on page 176 of this annual report. This summary does
     not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.


     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman Islands which
     would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.


     TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

     The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the
     Company’s securities.


     SUBSIDIARIES

     Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.


     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

     Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Company and the Group for the year ended 31 December
     2021 are set out in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.


     SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARES ISSUED

     Details of movements in the share capital of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2021 and details of the Shares
     issued for the year ended 31 December 2021 are set out in Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements.


     DONATION

     For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group made nil charitable donation (2020: RMB0.1 million).




30         Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                                                                              Report of Directors




DEBENTURE ISSUED

The Group did not issue any debenture for the year ended 31 December 2021.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

Save as disclosed in the sections headed “Pre-IPO Share Incentive Scheme” and “Post-IPO Share Incentive Schemes” as set
out on pages 37 to 39 and pages 40 to 44 in this annual report, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Group,
or existed for the year ended 31 December 2021.


DIVIDENDS

The Board does not recommend the distribution of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2021. No dividend was
paid or declared by the Company or other members of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020.


No shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividends for the year ended 31 December 2021.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY

Pursuant to the Articles of Association and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every Director shall be indemnified
and secured harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and
expenses which they or any of them may incur or sustain in or about the execution of their duty in their offices.


Such permitted indemnity provision has been in force for the year ended 31 December 2021. The Company has taken out
liability insurance to provide appropriate coverage for the Directors.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

The Company may pay dividends out of the share premium account, retained earnings and any other reserves provided that
immediately following the payment of such dividends, the Company will be in a position to pay off its debts as and when they
fall due in the ordinary course of business.


As at 31 December 2021, the Company had distributable reserves for share premium of RMB13,623,367 (2020: RMB13,392,531).


Reference is made to page 25 of the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2020 published on
29 April 2021 (the “2020 Annual Report”) in respect of the Company’s distributable reserves. The Company would like to
clarify that as at 31 December 2020, the Company had distributable reserves for share premium of RMB13,392,531. Save as
disclosed above, all other information in the 2020 Annual Report remains unchanged.


Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company for the year ended 31 December 2021 are set out in the
consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 81 and in Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.



                                                                                                                                  31
     Report of Directors




     BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

     Particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2021 are set out in Note 23 to the
     consolidated financial statements.


     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

     Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for an initial term of three years with
     effect from the Listing Date or until the third annual general meeting of the Company since the Listing Date (whichever is
     sooner), upon which their service contracts will be automatically renewed for successive periods of three years. Either party
     has the right to give not less than three months’ written notice to terminate the contract.


     Mr. Yubo Gong, a non-executive Director, has signed a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term of three
     years with effect from the date of Prospectus or until the third annual general meeting of the Company since the Listing Date
     (whichever is sooner), upon which his appointment will be automatically renewed for successive periods of three years. Either
     party has the right to give not less than three months’ written notice to terminate the contract. Ms. Lan Kang, a non-executive
     Director has signed a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term of three years with effect from the date of her
     letter of appointment or until the third annual general meeting of the Company since the Listing Date (whichever is sooner),
     upon which her appointment will be automatically renewed for successive periods of three years. Either party has the right to
     give not less than three months’ written notice to terminate the contract.


     Each of the independent non-executive Directors has signed a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term of
     three years with effect from the date of the Prospectus until the third annual general meeting of the Company the Listing Date
     (whichever is sooner) unless terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the appointment letter or by either
     party giving to the other not less than three months’ notice in writing.


     The above appointments are always subject to the provisions of retirement and rotation of directors under the Articles of
     Association.


     None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service contract with members of the Group
     that is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR
     CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

     Save as disclosed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, none of the Directors nor any entity connected with the
     Directors had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to
     which the Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party subsisting for the year
     ended 31 December 2021.




32         Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                                                                             Report of Directors




CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS

CBC Group is the Controlling Shareholders of our Company. Save as disclosed in the Prospectus and in this annual report, to
the best knowledge and belief of our Directors, CBC Group has no contracts of significance with us apart from their interest in
our Company.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contract, concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company was entered into or existed for the year ended 31 December 2021.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS
IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY
OR ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

As at 31 December 2021, the interests and short positions of the Directors or chief executives of the Company in any of the
Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the
SFO), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:


                                                                       Number of          Approximate
                                       Capacity/Nature of                ordinary          percentage        Long position/
  Name of Director                     interest                           shares           of holding(8)     Short position

  Mr. Wei Fu(1)                        Founder of a                 133,932,652                44.87%         Long position
                                          discretionary trust
                                          who can influence
                                          how the trustee
                                          exercises his
                                          discretion
  Dr. Kerry Levan Blanchard(2)          Beneficial owner                4,733,196                1.59%         Long position
  Mr. Ian Ying Woo(3)                   Beneficial owner                  448,403                0.15%         Long position
  Mr. Xiaofan Zhang(4)                 Beneficial owner                 2,692,305                0.90%         Long position
  Mr. Shidong Jiang(5)                 Beneficial owner                    20,000                0.01%         Long position
  Mr. Yifan Li(6)                      Beneficial owner                    20,000                0.01%         Long position
  Mr. Bo Tan(7)                        Beneficial owner                    20,000                0.01%         Long position




                                                                                                                                  33
     Report of Directors




     Notes:



     (1)      The sole shareholder of C-Bridge Investment Everest Limited is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P. while its General Partner is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP

              II, L.P.. The General Partner of C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP II, L.P. is C-Bridge Capital GP, Ltd. while TF Capital, Ltd. and TF Capital II, Ltd. (“TF Capital II”)

              jointly have controlling interest in it. Nova Aqua Limited has a controlling interest in TF Capital II. C-Bridge IV Investment Two Limited and C-Bridge IV

              Investment Nine Limited is wholly owned by C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P. (“CBH IV”). The General Partner of CBH IV is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund

              GP IV, L.P. which is under the management by its General Partner C-Bridge Capital GP IV, Ltd. (“CBC IV”). The controlling shareholder of CBC IV is

              TF Capital IV Ltd. which is wholly owned by Nova Aqua Limited. Everest Management Holding Co., Ltd. is owned as to 78.32% by C-Bridge Joint Value

              Creation Limited. C-Bridge Joint Value Creation Limited is wholly-owned by Nova Aqua Limited. The sole shareholder of C-Bridge IV Investment Sixteen

              Limited is Nova Aqua Limited. The entire interest in Nova Aqua Limited is held by Vistra Trust (Singapore) Pte. Limited as trustee for a trust established by Mr.

              Wei Fu (as settlor) for the benefit of Mr. Wei Fu and his family.



     (2)      Dr. Kerry Levan Blanchard’s entitlement to receive up to 3,250,000 shares and 1,483,196 shares pursuant to the exercise of options under the Pre-IPO

              Share Schemes and the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme respectively, subject to the conditions of those options. The exercise prices of these options are

              USD2.26 (up to 250,000 shares), USD3.24 (up to 3,000,000 shares) and HKD72.49 (up to 1,483,196 shares).



     (3)      Mr. Ian Ying Woo’s entitlement to receive up to 110,000 shares and 338,403 shares pursuant to the exercise of options under the Pre-IPO Share Schemes

              and the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme respectively, subject to the conditions of those options. The exercise prices of these options is USD2.26 (up to

              110,000 shares) and HKD72.49 (up to 338,403 shares).



     (4)      Mr. Xiaofan Zhang’s entitlement to receive up to 2,353,902 shares and 338,403 shares pursuant to the exercise of options under the Pre-IPO Share

              Schemes and Post-IPO Share Option Scheme respectively, subject to the conditions of those options. The exercise prices of these options is USD0.18 (up

              to 2,353,902 shares) and HKD72.49 (up to 338,403 shares).



     (5)      Mr. Shidong Jiang’s entitlement to receive up to 20,000 shares pursuant to the exercise of options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, subject to the

              conditions of those options. The exercise price of these options is HKD72.49.



     (6)      Mr. Yifan Li’s entitlement to receive up to 20,000 shares pursuant to the exercise of options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, subject to the

              conditions of those options. The exercise price of these options is HKD72.49.



     (7)      Mr. Bo Tan’s entitlement to receive up to 20,000 shares pursuant to the exercise of options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, subject to the

              conditions of those options. The exercise price of these options is HKD72.49.



     (8)      The calculation is based on the total number of 298,522,435 Shares in issue as at 31 December 2021.



     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2021, none of the Directors or chief executives of the Company had or was
     deemed to have any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its
     associated corporations.




34             Everest Medicines Limited                      Annual Report 2021
                                                                                           Report of Directors




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 31 December 2021, so far as the Directors are aware, the interests or short positions of every person (other than
Directors or chief executives of the Company) in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company as recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange:


                                                                              Number of    Approximate
                                                  Capacity/Nature of            ordinary    percentage      Long position/
  Name of Shareholder                             interest                       shares     of holding(5)   Short position


  VISTRA TRUST (SINGAPORE)                        Trustee and other          133,932,652        44.87%       Long position
    PTE. LIMITED(1)
  Nova Aqua Limited(1)                            Interest in a controlled   133,932,652        44.87%       Long position
                                                    corporation
  C-Bridge Capital GP, Ltd.(1)(2)                 Interest in a controlled    52,777,778        17.68%       Long position
                                                    corporation
  C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP II, L.P.(1)         Interest in a controlled    52,777,778        17.68%       Long position
                                                    corporation
  C-Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P.   (1)
                                                  Interest in a controlled    52,777,778        17.68%       Long position
                                                    corporation
  C-Bridge Investment Everest Limited(1)          Beneficial owner            52,777,778        17.68%       Long position
  TF Capital II Ltd.(1)                           Interest in a controlled    52,777,778        17.68%       Long position
                                                    corporation
  TF Capital, Ltd.   (2)
                                                  Interest in a controlled    52,777,778        17.68%       Long position
                                                    corporation
  Dan Yang(2)                                     Interest in a controlled    52,777,778        17.68%       Long position
                                                    corporation
  Kang Hua Investment Company Limited(2)          Interest in a controlled    52,777,778        17.68%       Long position
                                                    corporation
  C-Bridge Capital GP IV, Ltd.(1)                 Interest in a controlled    52,522,482        17.59%       Long position
                                                    corporation
  C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP IV, L.P.      (1)
                                                  Interest in a controlled    52,522,482        17.59%       Long position
                                                    corporation
  C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P.(1)            Interest in a controlled    52,522,482        17.59%       Long position
                                                    corporation
  TF Capital IV Ltd.(1)                           Interest in a controlled    52,522,482        17.59%       Long position
                                                    corporation
  C-Bridge IV Investment Two Limited(1)           Beneficial owner            37,244,704        12.48%       Long position
  C-Bridge Joint Value Creation Limited     (1)
                                                  Interest in a controlled    24,005,392          8.04%      Long position
                                                    corporation

                                                                                                                              35
     Report of Directors




                                                                                                                  Number of      Approximate
                                                                         Capacity/Nature of                         ordinary      percentage           Long position/
           Name of Shareholder                                           interest                                    shares       of holding(5)        Short position


           Everest Management Holding Co., Ltd.(1)                       Beneficial owner                        24,005,392               8.04%          Long position
           Anna Inge Leonore Haas Kolchinsky               (3)
                                                                         Interest of spouse                      22,744,611               7.62%          Long position
           Peter Kolchinsky(3)                                           Beneficiary of a trust                  22,744,611               7.62%          Long position
                                                                            (other than a
                                                                            discretionary interest)
           RA Capital Management, L.P.(3)                                Investment manager                      22,744,611               7.62%          Long position
           RA Capital Healthcare Fund GP, LLC               (3)
                                                                         Interest in a controlled                21,162,033               7.09%          Long position
                                                                            corporation
           RA Capital Healthcare Fund, L.P.(3)                           Beneficial owner                        21,162,033               7.09%          Long position
           Wellington Management Group LLP                (4)
                                                                         Investment manager                      17,531,529               5.87%          Long position
           Janchor Partners Limited                                      Investment manager                      17,421,444               5.84%          Long position
           C-Bridge IV Investment Nine Limited(1)                        Beneficial owner                        15,277,778               5.12%          Long position


     Notes:


     (1)      The sole shareholder of C-Bridge Investment Everest Limited is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P. while its General Partner is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP II,
              L.P.. The General Partner of C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP II, L.P. is C-Bridge Capital GP, Ltd. while TF Capital, Ltd. and TF Capital II jointly have controlling
              interest in it. Nova Aqua Limited has a controlling interest in TF Capital II. C-Bridge IV Investment Two Limited and C-Bridge IV Investment Nine Limited is
              wholly owned by CBH IV. The General Partner of CBH IV is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP IV, L.P. which is under the management by its General Partner CBC
              IV. The controlling shareholder of CBC IV is TF Capital IV Ltd. which is wholly owned by Nova Aqua Limited. Everest Management Holding Co., Ltd. is owned
              as to 78.32% by C-Bridge Joint Value Creation Limited. C-Bridge Joint Value Creation Limited is wholly-owned by Nova Aqua Limited. The sole shareholder
              of C-Bridge IV Investment Sixteen Limited is Nova Aqua Limited. The entire interest in Nova Aqua Limited is held by Vistra Trust (Singapore) Pte. Limited as
              trustee for a trust established by Mr. Wei Fu (as settlor) for the benefit of Mr. Wei Fu and his family.


     (2)      TF Capital, Ltd. has controlling interest in C-Bridge Capital GP, Ltd.. Kang Hua Investment Company Limited has controlling interest in TF Capital, Ltd.
              Mr. Dan Yang is the sole shareholder of Kang Hua Investment Company Limited.


     (3)      The investment manager of RA Capital Healthcare Fund, L.P. is RA Capital Management L.P. (“RAC Management”). Mr. Peter Kolchinsky has controlling
              interest in RAC Management. Ms. Anna Inge Leonore Kolchinsky is Mr. Peter Kolchinsky’s spouse. RA Capital Healthcare Fund GP, LLC is the general partner
              of RA Capital Healthcare Fund, L.P..


     (4)      The investment manager of Wellington Group Holdings LLP is Wellington Management Group LLP. Wellington Group Holdings LLP has controlling interests
              in Wellington Investment Advisors Holdings LLP which in turn has controlling interest in Wellington Management Global Holding, Ltd, and Wellington
              Management Company LLP. The sole shareholder of Wellington Management Singapore Pet. Ltd is Wellington Management Global Holding, Ltd.


     (5)      The calculation is based on the total number of 298,522,435 Shares in issue as at 31 December 2021.



     Save as disclosed above, as at the date 31 December 2021 based on publicly available information, no other person (other
     than the Directors or chief executives of the Company) had an interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of
     the Company which were required to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
     SFO, or which were required to be entered in the register required to be kept under section 336 of the SFO.



36             Everest Medicines Limited                          Annual Report 2021
                                                                                           Report of Directors




PRE-IPO SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS

1.   Pre-IPO MSOP


     The purpose of the Pre-IPO MSOP is to advance the interests of the Company by providing for the grant to participants
     of the options, and to motivate the selected participants to contribute to the Company’s growth and development.
     The Pre-IPO MSOP, which will be in the form of options, will enable the Company to recruit, incentivize and retain key
     employees.


     Further details of the Pre-IPO MSOP are set out in the Prospectus and Note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.


     A summary of the principal terms of the Pre-IPO MSOP is set out below:


     Eligible Participants
     Those eligible to participate in the Pre-IPO MSOP include employees, officers, directors, contractors, advisors or
     consultants of the Group as determined, authorized and notified by the Board or a committee authorized by the Board
     (the “Committee”). The Board or the Committee may, from time to time select from among all eligible individuals
     (“Participants”) to whom awards in the form of options (“Options”) will be granted (“Grantees”) and will determine the
     nature and amount of each grant.


     Maximum Number of Shares Available for Issue under the Pre-IPO MSOP
     The maximum number of Shares in respect of which Options may be granted under this Pre-IPO MSOP shall not
     exceed 5,048,779 Shares in the aggregate, subject to any adjustments in the event of any alteration in the capital
     structure of the Company.


     No Employee shall be granted an Option which, if exercised in full, would result in such Employee becoming entitled to
     subscribe for an aggregate number of Shares (including all previous Options) exceeding 10% of the aggregate number
     of Shares for the time being issued and issuable under the Pre-IPO MSOP.


     Price
     The strike price of the Options shall be US$0.18.


     Life of the Pre-IPO MSOP
     The term of the Pre-IPO MSOP commenced on 23 November 2017 (the “Adoption Date”) and will expire on the tenth
     anniversary of the Adoption Date. Upon expiry of the Pre-IPO MSOP, no further Options will be granted but any Option
     that is outstanding shall remain in force according to the terms of the Pre-IPO MSOP and the Options shall be exercised
     in accordance with the terms upon which the Options are granted.


     As at 31 December 2021, the remaining life of the Pre-IPO MSOP was approximately 6 years.




                                                                                                                               37
     Report of Directors




     2.   Pre-IPO ESOP

          The purpose of the Pre-IPO ESOP is to advance the interests of the Company by providing for the grant to participants
          of the Awards (defined below), and to motivate the selected participants to contribute to the Company’s growth and
          development. The Pre-IPO ESOP, which will be in the form of Options (defined below) and RSU (defined below), will
          enable the Company to recruit, incentivize and retain key employees.


          Further details of the Pre-IPO ESOP are set out in the Prospectus.


          A summary of the principal terms of the Pre-IPO ESOP is set out below:


          Eligible Participants
          Those eligible to participate in the Pre-IPO ESOP include employees, officers, directors, contractors, advisors or
          consultants of the Group as determined, authorized and notified by the Board or a committee authorized by the Board
          (the “Committee”). The Board or the Committee may, from time to time select from among all eligible individuals
          (“Participants”) to whom awards (“Awards”) in the form of options (“Options”) and restricted stock units (“RSU”), will be
          granted (“Grantees”) and will determine the nature and amount of each grant.


          Maximum Number of Shares Available for Issue under the Pre-IPO Employee Share Option Plan
          The maximum number of Shares in respect of which Awards may be granted under this Pre-IPO ESOP shall not exceed
          22,932,908 Shares in the aggregate, subject to any adjustments in the event of any alteration in the capital structure of
          the Company.


          No employee shall be granted an Award which, if exercised in full, would result in such employee becoming entitled to
          subscribe for an aggregate number of Shares (including all previous Awards) exceeding 10% of the aggregate number
          of Shares for the time being issued and issuable under the Pre-IPO ESOP.


          The Pre-IPO Employee Share Option Plan may be altered in any respect by the prior approval of the Board provided
          that no such alteration shall operate to affect adversely the terms of issue of any Award granted or agreed to be granted
          prior to such alteration, except with the consent or sanction of such majority of the Grantees as would be required of
          the shareholders of the Company under the Memorandum and Articles for the time being of the Company for a variation
          of the rights attached to the Shares.


          Price
          The strike price of the Options and RSUs shall be approved by the Board and shall be set out in the offer letter.


          Life of the Pre-IPO Employee Share Option Plan
          The term of the Pre-IPO ESOP commenced on 25 December 2018 and will expire on the tenth anniversary (being
          25 December 2028). Upon expiry of the Pre-IPO Employee Share Option Plan, no further Awards will be granted but any
          Award that is outstanding shall remain in force according to the terms of the Pre-IPO ESOP and the Awards shall be
          exercised or settled in accordance with the terms upon which the Awards are granted.


          As at 31 December 2021, the remaining life of the Pre-IPO ESOP was approximately 7 years.



38        Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                                               Report of Directors




     Outstanding Share Options and RSU under Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plans
     As at 31 December 2021, the Company had share options outstanding under the Pre-IPO Share Schemes to subscribe
     for an aggregate of 19,365,757 shares granted to 105 grantees (including Directors, senior management, other
     connected persons of the Company and other employees of the Company). The exercise price of the share options
     under the Pre-IPO Share Schemes is between US$0.18 to US$3.24.


     The table below shows the details of share options granted to the Directors and other employees under the Pre-IPO
     Share Schemes:


                                                                                                                                                                  Number
                                                                                                     Number                                                      of Shares
                                                                                                    of Shares         Number of                     Number      underlying
                                                                                                   underlying options exercised      Number of    of options        option
                                                                                                     options          during the options lapsed   cancelled    outstanding
                                                                                               outstanding as   Reporting Period     during the   during the         as at
           Name or category                                                   Exercise Price     at 1 January   and the exercise      Reporting   Reporting 31 December
           of grantees              Date of Grant            Vesting Period           (USD)             2021               price         Period      Period          2021


           Kerry Levan Blanchard    16 July 2020             4 years(1)           2.26–3.24         3,250,000                 —              —           —       3,250,000
           Ian Ying Woo             16 July 2020             4 years   (2)
                                                                                       2.26          110,000                  —              —           —        110,000
           Xiaofan Zhang            6 March 2020;            4 years(1)                0.18         2,353,902                 —              —           —       2,353,902
                                      16 July 2020


           Other 102 individuals    Between 23 November      4 years(1)           0.18–3.24       15,667,274           1,581,647        433,772          —      13,651,855
                                      2017 to
                                      31 July 2020


     Notes:



     (1)         A portion of options granted subject to immediate vesting upon Listing.



     (2)         All options granted subject to immediate vesting upon Listing.



As at 31 December 2021, the Company had RSUs with an aggregate of 3,248,021 underlying Shares outstanding pursuant
to the Pre-IPO Share Schemes. For further details of the RSU granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP during the Reporting Period,
please refer to the announcements published by the Company on 22 June 2021 and 15 July 2021.




                                                                                                                                                                             39
     Report of Directors




     POST-IPO SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS

     1.   Post-IPO Share Option Scheme

          The purpose of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is to provide Eligible Persons (defined below) with the opportunity
          to acquire proprietary interests in our Company and to encourage the Eligible Person to work towards enhancing the
          value of our Company and our Shares for the benefit of our Company and Shareholders as a whole. The Post-IPO Share
          Option Scheme will provide our Company with a flexible means of retaining, incentivizing, rewarding, remunerating,
          compensating and/or providing benefits to Eligible Persons.


          Further details of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme are set out in the Prospectus.


          A summary of the principal terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is set out below:


          Eligible Participants
          Any individual, being an employee, director, officer, consultant, advisor, distributor, contractor, customer, supplier,
          agent, business partner, joint venture business partner or service provider of any member of our Group or any of
          our Group’s affiliates who the Board or its delegate(s) considers, in their sole discretion, to have contributed or will
          contribute to our Group is entitled to be offered and granted options (“Eligible Person(s)”).


          However, no individual who is resident in a place where the grant, acceptance, vesting or exercise of options pursuant
          to the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is not permitted under the laws and regulations of such place or where, in the
          view of the Board or its delegate(s), compliance with applicable laws and regulations in such place makes it necessary
          or expedient to exclude such individual, is eligible to be offered or granted options.


          Maximum Number of Shares
          The total number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Post-IPO Share
          Option Scheme and any other share option scheme of our Company is 28,369,038, being no more than 10% of the
          Shares in issue on the date the Shares commence trading on the Stock Exchange (assuming the Over-allotment Option
          is not exercised and no Shares are issued under the Share Schemes) (the “Option Scheme Mandate Limit”). Options
          which have lapsed in accordance with the terms of the rules of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme (or any other share
          option schemes of our Company) shall not be counted for the purpose of calculating the Option Scheme Mandate Limit.


          The overall limit on the number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet
          to be exercised under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of our Company at any
          time (and to which the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules are applicable) must not exceed 30% of the Shares
          in issue from time to time (the “Option Scheme Limit”). No options may be granted under any schemes of our Company
          (or its subsidiaries) if this will result in the Option Scheme Limit being exceeded.




40        Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                                                                         Report of Directors




The Option Scheme Mandate Limit may be refreshed at any time subject to prior approval of our Shareholders in
general meeting and/or such other requirements prescribed under the Listing Rules from time to time. However, the
Option Scheme Mandate Limit as refreshed cannot exceed 10% of the Shares in issue as at the date of such approval.
Options previously granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of our
Company (and to which the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules are applicable) (including those outstanding,
canceled or lapsed in accordance with its terms or exercised), shall not be counted for the purpose of calculating the
refreshed Option Scheme Mandate Limit.


Our Company may also seek separate approval of our Shareholders in general meeting for granting options beyond the
Option Scheme Mandate Limit, provided such grant is to Eligible Person specifically identified by our Company before
the aforesaid Shareholders’ meeting where such approval is sought.


Limit of Each Participant
Unless approved by our Shareholders, the total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the
options granted and to be granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme(s)
of our Company to each Eligible Person (including both exercised and outstanding options) in any 12 month period
shall not exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue (the “Individual Limit”). Any further grant of options to an
Eligible Person which would result in the aggregate number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all
options granted and to be granted to such Eligible Person (including exercised, canceled and outstanding options) in
the 12 month period up to and including the date of such further grant exceeding the Individual Limit shall be subject
to separate approval of our Shareholders in general meeting (with such Eligible Persons and their associates abstaining
from voting).


Life of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
The Post-IPO Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for the period of ten years commencing on the Listing
Date (after which, no further options shall be offered or granted), but in all other respects the provisions of the Post-IPO
Share Option Scheme shall remain in full force and effect to the extent necessary to give effect to the exercise of any
options granted prior thereto or otherwise as may be required in accordance with the provisions of the rules of the Post-
IPO Share Option Scheme.


As at 31 December 2021, the remaining life of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme was approximately 9 years.


Option Period
Option period (a period within which an option may be exercised) is to be determined and notified by the Board to each
grantee at the time of making an offer, and shall not expire later than 10 years from the grant of the option.


Grant of Option
The Board or its delegates shall be entitled to make an offer, which shall specify the terms on which the option is to
be granted. Such terms may include any minimum period(s) for which an option must be held and/or any minimum
performance target(s) that must be achieved, before the option can be exercised in whole or in part.




                                                                                                                               41
     Report of Directors




        Exercise Price
        The exercise price of each option will be determined by the Board or its delegate(s). Options, once granted, may be
        repriced only in accordance with the applicable requirements of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Grant
        Agreement.


        Consideration
        An amount of HKD1.00 is payable by the grantees upon acceptance of the awards granted under the Post-IPO Share
        Option Scheme.


        The table below shows the details of share options granted to the Directors and other employees under the Post-IPO
        Share Option Scheme:


                                                                                            Number of                                                Number
                                                                               Number of       Shares                                               of Shares
                                                                                  Shares    underlying     Number                     Number       underlying   Closing price
                                                                               underlying     options    of options    Number of    of options         option   of the Shares
                                                                                  options     granted    exercised options lapsed   cancelled     outstanding    immediately
         Name or                                                              outstanding   during the   during the    during the   during the          as of before the date
         category of     Date of        Vesting   Option     Exercise Price         as of   Reporting    Reporting      Reporting   Reporting    31 December         of grant
         grantees        Grant          Period    Term               (HKD) 1 January 2021      Period       Period         Period      Period           2021           (HKD)


         Kerry Levan     14 July        4 years   7 years            72.49             0    1,483,196           —              —           —       1,483,196           72.30
           Blanchard       2021
         Ian Ying Woo    14 July        4 years   7 years            72.49             0      338,403           —              —           —         338,403           72.30
                           2021
         Xiaofan Zhang 14 July          4 years   7 years            72.49             0      338,403           —              —           —         338,403           72.30
                           2021
         Shidong Jiang 14 July          1 year    7 years            72.49             0       20,000           —              —           —          20,000           72.30
                           2021
         Yifan Li        14 July        1 year    7 years            72.49             0       20,000           —              —           —          20,000           72.30
                           2021
         Bo Tan          14 July        1 year    7 years            72.49             0       20,000           —              —           —          20,000           72.30
                           2021


         Other 7         Between 6      4 years   7 years     67.97–72.49              0    1,730,337           —              —           —       1,730,337    65.20–72.30
           individuals     May 2021
                           to 14 July
                           2021



        For further details of the share options granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme during the Reporting Period,
        please refer to the announcements published by the Company on 7 May 2021 and 15 July 2021.



42      Everest Medicines Limited                           Annual Report 2021
                                                                                             Report of Directors




2.   Post-IPO Share Award Scheme

     The purpose of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme is to align the interests of eligible persons with those of our Group
     through ownership of Shares, dividends and other distributions paid on Shares and/or the increase in value of the
     Shares, and to encourage and retain eligible persons to make contributions to the long-term growth and profits of our
     Group.


     Further details of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme are set out in the Prospectus.


     A summary of the principal terms of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme is set out below:


     Eligible Participants
     Any individual, being an employee, director, officer, consultant, adviser, distributor, contractor, customer, supplier,
     agent, business partner, joint venture business partner or service provider of any member of our Group or any affiliate
     (including nominees and/or trustees of any employee benefit trust established for them) who the Board or its delegate(s)
     considers, in its sole discretion, to have contributed or will contribute to our Group is eligible to receive an Award (as
     defined below). However, no individual who is resident in a place where the grant, acceptance or vesting of an Award
     pursuant to the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme is not permitted under the laws and regulations of such place or where,
     in the view of the Board, compliance with applicable laws and regulations in such place makes it necessary or expedient
     to exclude such individual, shall be entitled to participate in the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme.


     Maximum Number of Shares
     The maximum aggregate number of Shares underlying all grants made pursuant to the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme
     (excluding Shares which have been forfeited in accordance with the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme) will not exceed
     14,184,519 Shares (representing approximately 5% of the total issued Shares immediately after completion of the global
     offering, assuming the Over-allotment Option is not exercised and no Share are issued pursuant to the Share Schemes)
     without further Shareholders’ approval (the “Share Award Scheme Limit”), subject to an annual limit of 2% of the total
     number of issued Shares of the relevant times.


     Limit of Each Participant
     Save as otherwise restricted by the Share Award Scheme Limit or the Listing Rules, there shall be no limit on the total
     number of non-vested Shares that may be granted to a selected participant under the Scheme.


     Life of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme
     The Post-IPO Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for ten years from the Listing Date (the “Award Period”)
     (after which no Awards will be granted), and thereafter for so long as there are any non-vested Shares granted prior to
     the expiration of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme, in order to give effect to the vesting of such Shares or otherwise
     as may be required in accordance with the rules of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme. Subject to the foregoing, the
     Post-IPO Share Award Scheme shall terminate on the earlier of: (i) the end of the Award Period except in respect of
     any non-vested Shares granted prior to the expiration of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme, for the purpose of giving




                                                                                                                                  43
     Report of Directors




          effect to the vesting of such Shares or otherwise as may be required in accordance with the provisions of the Post-IPO
          Share Award Scheme; and (ii) such date of early termination as determined by our Board provided that such termination
          shall not affect any subsisting rights in respect of the Shares granted to a selected participant under the Post-IPO Share
          Award Scheme.


          As at 31 December 2021, the remaining life of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme was approximately 9 years.


          Consideration
          An amount of HKD1.00 is payable by the grantees upon acceptance of the awards granted under the Post-IPO Share
          Award Scheme.


          The table below shows the details of RSU granted under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme as of 31 December 2021:


                                                       Number of                                               Number of Shares
                               Number of Shares      RSU granted      Number of RSU        Number of RSU         underlying RSU
                                 underlying RSU        during the           exercised               lapsed     outstanding as of
                               outstanding as of       Reporting           during the           during the         31 December
             Date of Grant       1 January 2021            Period    Reporting Period     Reporting Period                  2021

             Between                             0      2,553,475              163,794                40,272            2,349,409
               5 May 2021 to
               14 July 2021


          For further details of the RSU granted under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme during the Reporting Period, please
          refer to the announcements published by the Company on 7 May 2021, 22 June 2021 and 15 July 2021.


     DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

     Save as disclosed in this annual report, at no time for the year ended 31 December 2021 was the Company or any of its
     subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares
     in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or any of their spouse or children
     under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate, or
     had exercised any such right.




44         Everest Medicines Limited         Annual Report 2021
                                                                                             Report of Directors




EMOLUMENT POLICY AND DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

In compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules and the CG Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules, the
Company has established the Remuneration Committee to formulate remuneration policies. The remuneration is determined
and recommended based on each Director’s and senior management personnel’s qualification, position and seniority. As
for the independent non-executive Directors, their remuneration is determined by the Board upon recommendation from
the Remuneration Committee. The Directors and the senior management personnel are eligible participants of the Share
Schemes. Details of the remuneration of the Directors, senior management and the five highest paid individuals are set out in
Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.


None of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and there were no emoluments paid by the Group to any of
the Directors or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group, or as compensation for
loss of office.


For the year ended 31 December 2021, the aggregate amount of remuneration (including basic salaries, housing allowances,
other allowances, and benefits in kind, contributions to pension plans and discretionary bonuses) for our Directors was
approximately RMB106.4 million (as set out in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements) including discretionary
bonuses of a total sum of RMB9.7 million.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

For the year ended 31 December 2021, none of our Directors control a business similar to principal business of our Group
that competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with our Group’s business, which would require disclosure
under Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

Save as disclosed in the Prospectus and in this annual report, the Group has not entered into any non-exempt continuing
connected transactions during the Reporting Period. Details of related party transactions of the Group for the year ended
31 December 2021 are set out in Note 30 to the consolidated financial statements, none of which fall under the definition of
“connected transactions” or “continuing connected transactions” under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules for which disclosure
is required. The Company has complied with the applicable disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules
during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                                  45
     Report of Directors




     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED
     SECURITIES

     During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased a total of 1,615,500 Shares (the “Shares Repurchased”) of the
     Company on the Stock Exchange at an aggregate consideration (including transaction cost) of approximately HK$70,963,275.
     Particulars of the Shares Repurchased are as follows:


                                                                         Highest                  Lowest                Aggregate
                                             No. of Shares            price paid               price paid            consideration
       Month of repurchase                    repurchased                  (HK$)                    (HK$)                   (HK$)

       October 2021                              1,095,000                  50.00                   42.85               49,962,125
       November 2021                               520,500                  42.50                   36.65               21,001,150

                                                 1,615,500                                                              70,963,275


     Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any listed securities of
     the Company during the Reporting Period.


     MATERIAL LITIGATION
     The Company was not involved in any material litigation or arbitration for the year ended 31 December 2021. The Directors
     are also not aware of any material litigation or claims that are pending or threatened against the Group for the year ended
     31 December 2021.


     USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM GLOBAL OFFERING

     The Company’s Shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on 9 October 2020 with a total of 73,079,000 offer shares
     (including shares issued as a result of the full exercise of the over-allotment option) issued and the net proceeds raised during
     the Global Offering were approximately HK$3,795 million. There was no change in the intended use of net proceeds as
     previously disclosed in the Prospectus in the upcoming 20 months. This expected timeline was based on best estimation on
     future market conditions and business operations made by the Company, and remains subject to changes based on current
     and future development of market conditions and actual business needs.


     Set out below is the status of the use of proceeds from the Global Offering as at 31 December 2021.




46         Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                       Report of Directors




                                                                      Utilised for the      Unutilised Utilised for the      Unutilised
                                                                          year ended             as at     year ended             as at
                                                                       31 December       31 December 31 December          31 December
                                         % of use of   Net proceeds              2020            2020             2021            2021
Purpose                                   proceeds      (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)     (HK$ million) (HK$ million)      (HK$ million)

Funding ongoing and planned                    15%               569               22            547               159              388
  clinical trials (including any
  potential clinical studies for
  new indications if appropriate),
  preparation for registration filings
  and other steps or activities
  related to commercialization
  (including provision of scientific
  and clinical support by medical
  affairs team, key opinion leader
  development, strategic planning
  and market access analysis) of
  eravacycline, one of our Core
  Drug Candidates

Funding ongoing and planned                    15%               569               13            556               118              438
  clinical trials (including any
  potential clinical studies for
  new indications if appropriate),
  preparation for registration filings
  and other steps or activities
  related to commercialization
  (including provision of scientific
  and clinical support by medical
  affairs team, key opinion leader
  development, strategic planning
  and market access analysis) of
  etrasimod, one of our Core
  Drug Candidates

Funding ongoing and planned                    20%               759               13            746               402              344
  clinical trials, preparation for
  registration filings and potential
  commercialization of sacituzumab
  govitecan-hziy

Funding ongoing and planned                    10%               380               43            337                97              240
  clinical trials, preparation for
  registration filings and potential
  commercialization of Nefecon




                                                                                                                                           47
     Report of Directors




                                                                           Utilised for the      Unutilised Utilised for the      Unutilised
                                                                               year ended             as at     year ended             as at
                                                                            31 December       31 December 31 December          31 December
                                              % of use of   Net proceeds              2020            2020             2021            2021
       Purpose                                 proceeds      (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)     (HK$ million) (HK$ million)      (HK$ million)

       Funding ongoing and planned                  15%               569               31            538               211              327
         clinical trials, preparation for
         registration filings and potential
         commercialization of other drug
         candidates in our pipeline

       Funding our business development             15%               569               —             569               569               —
         activities and the expansion of
         our drug pipeline. To further
         expand our portfolio, we will
         continue to bring in high value
         and differentiated innovative
         assets with attractive risk-return
         profiles for our four current core
         therapeutic areas

       Working capital and general and              10%               380               49            331               184              147
        administrative purposes

       Total                                       100%             3,795              171          3,624             1,740            1,884



     Other than the proceeds reserved for the business development activities and the expansion of the drug pipeline which
     were fully utilised as at 31 December 2021, the Company expects to gradually apply the remaining unutilised proceeds in
     accordance with the intended purposes and fully utilise the proceeds by the second half of 2023.


     PUBLIC FLOAT

     Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the Latest
     Practicable Date, the Company has maintained the prescribed percentage of public float under the Listing Rules.




48          Everest Medicines Limited                 Annual Report 2021
                                                                                            Report of Directors




AUDITOR

The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, Certified Public
Accountants and Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor, who will retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for
reappointment at the AGM.


IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

(a)   On 13 January 2022, Everest SG entered into the License Agreement with A*ccelerate, pursuant to which A*ccelerate
      granted Everest SG an exclusive, non-transferable, sublicensable, royalty-bearing and revocable for cause license under
      the Licensed Technology to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, or otherwise make, have made, use, offer
      for sale, sell, import, export, and otherwise exploit the Licensed Products worldwide for the treatment of coronavirus
      and other diseases and to make enhancements to the Licensed Technology.


      For further details of the above, please refer to the announcement published by the Company on 14 January 2022.


(b)   Ms. Yin Yin has resigned as a joint company secretary of the Company with effect from 31 January 2022.


      For further details of the above, please refer to the announcement published by the Company on 31 January 2022.


(c)   Ms. Leah Liu has been appointed as the joint company secretary of the Company with effect from 28 March 2022. After
      the aforesaid appointment, the existing company secretary of the Company, Ms Lau Yee Wa will continue to serve as
      the other joint company secretary.


      For further details of the above, please refer to the announcement published by the Company on 28 March 2022.


Save as disclosed in this annual report, no important events affecting the Company occurred since the end of the Reporting
Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date.


By the order of the Board
Mr. Wei Fu
Chairman
Hong Kong
28 March 2022




                                                                                                                                49
     Directors and Senior Management



     The Board consists of four executive Directors, two non-executive Director and three independent non-executive Directors.


     DIRECTORS

     Executive Directors

     Mr. Wei Fu (傅 唯), aged 39, is an executive Director of our Company, chairman of the Board, chairperson of the nomination
     committee and member of the remuneration committee. Mr. Fu was appointed as our Director in July 2017 and was
     re-designated as an executive Director in July 2020. Mr. Fu is also a director of Everest Medicines II (HK) Limited, EverOnc
     Medicines Inc., EverOnc Medicines Limited, Everest Medicines II Limited and Everest Medicines (Singapore) Pte. Ltd..


     Mr. Fu has served as the chief executive officer and managing director of CBC Group, a healthcare dedicated private equity
     firm, since April 2014. From August 2011 to December 2013, Mr. Fu served as the general manager of the investment
     department at a wholly-owned subsidiary of Far East Horizon Limited, a financial services organization listed on the
     Stock Exchange (HKEX: 3360). From March 2008 to April 2010, Mr. Fu worked as an associate director at Standard
     Chartered Business Consulting (Beijing) Co., Ltd., where he was mainly responsible for private equity investments in
     infrastructure projects. From July 2006 to March 2008, Mr. Fu worked at Macquarie Capital (Singapore) Pte. Limited, where
     his last position was as a business analyst.


     Mr. Fu received his bachelor’s degree in electrical and electronic engineering from Nanyang Technological University in
     Singapore in February 2005.


     Mr. Fu has been a director of I-Mab (NASDAQ: IMAB) since June 2018, and was a non-executive director of Ascletis Pharma
     Inc. (HKEX: 1672) from April 2018 to December 2018.


     Mr. Kerry Levan Blanchard, M.D., Ph.D., aged 66, was appointed as our Director in February 2020, was re-designated as
     an executive Director in July 2020, and was appointed as our chief executive officer in February 2020. Dr. Blanchard is also a
     director of Everest Medicines II Limited, EverNov Medicines (Zhuhai Hengqin) Co., Ltd., Everest China and Everstar Medicines
     (Shanghai) Limited.


     Dr. Blanchard is an operating partner of CBC Group and most recently served as chief scientific officer at a subsidiary of
     Innovent Biologics, Inc. (HKEX: 1801), from January 2018 to June 2019. He was a senior executive at Eli Lilly (NYSE: LLY)
     and its subsidiaries from 2000 to December 2017, playing multiple roles including senior vice president of Lilly China and
     co-chairman of the Lilly Asia Venture investment committee. Dr. Blanchard’s scientific and leadership positions in Eli Lilly
     included Oncology Discovery Biology Research, Lilly Singapore Systems Biology, Discovery operations, and Tailored
     Therapeutics in Indianapolis.


     Dr. Blanchard worked at the Feist-Weiller Cancer Center, Department of Medicine, Louisiana State University Medical Center
     from 1992 to 1999, including as an associate professor of Louisiana State University, and was a research fellow, a clinical
     fellow and an instructor in Medicine at the Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston, Massachusetts, United States, and at
     Harvard Medical School in Massachusetts, United States from 1985 to 1992.


     Dr. Blanchard received his bachelor’s degree in chemistry in August 1977, Ph.D. in biochemistry in September 1982 and M.D.
     in April 1985, each from Indiana University in the United States.



50         Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                                                  Directors and Senior Management




Mr. Ian Ying Woo (何穎), aged 49, is an executive Director of our Company, our president and chief financial officer. Mr. Woo
was appointed as our Director in December 2018 and was re-designated as an executive Director in July 2020. Mr. Woo is
also a director of Everest Medicines II Limited and Everest Medicines (US) Limited.


Mr. Woo is an operating partner of CBC Group and served as a managing director of CBC Group from June 2018 to
June 2019. Prior to joining our Company in June 2018, Mr. Woo served as a managing director in the healthcare advisory
team at Lazard Frères & Co. LLC (“LFNY”), a subsidiary of the financial advisory and asset management firm Lazard Ltd
(NYSE: LAZ). Mr. Woo joined LFNY in March 2005 and was based in New York until June 2018, other than from January
2012 to June 2016 during which period he worked at Lazard Asia (Hong Kong) Limited, LFNY’s Hong Kong office and an
SFC licensed corporation.


Mr. Woo received his bachelor’s degree in biology from Tufts University in the United States in May 1994, his master’s degree
in cellular, molecular and biomedical studies from the Columbia University Graduate School of Arts and Sciences in the United
States in May 1998 and his master of business administration degree from the Columbia University Graduate School of
Business in the United States in May 2003.


Mr. Xiaofan Zhang (張 曉 帆), aged 38, was appointed as our Director in November 2017, was re-designated as an executive
Director in July 2020, and was appointed as our chief operating officer in November 2017. Mr. Zhang is also a director of
Everest Medicines II (HK) Limited, Everest Medicines II Limited, Everest Medicines (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., Everstar Therapeutics
Limited, EverID Medicines (Beijing) Limited, Everstar Medicines (Shanghai) Limited, EverNov Medicines Limited, EverNov
Medicines (HK) Limited, EverNov Medicines (Zhuhai Hengqin) Co., Ltd., Everest Medicines (Suzhou) Inc. and Everest China.


Mr. Zhang has been with CBC Group since January 2014, most recently serving as a director and responsible for the fund’s
investments in pharmaceutical and biotech industry prior to joining the Company. Prior to joining CBC Group, Mr. Zhang
worked in various capacities in private equity and investment banking, including as a private equity investment officer at
Capital International, Inc., a private equity arm of Capital Group, from March 2011 to February 2013, at Morgan Stanley
Asia Limited, a subsidiary of Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS), from May 2007 to March 2011 where his last position held was
associate, and at BOCI Research Limited and BOCI Securities Limited from 2006 to 2007.


Mr. Zhang received his bachelor’s degree in mathematics with honors from The University of Hong Kong in December 2006.


Non-executive Directors

Mr. Yubo Gong (龔 聿 波), aged 36, was appointed as our Director in June 2020 and was re-designated as a non-executive
Director in July 2020.


Mr. Gong has been an industrialist investor at Janchor Partners Limited, a company licensed by the SFC to conduct asset
management, focusing on investments in China and the healthcare sector, since 2014. Prior to joining Janchor Partners
Limited, he was an associate at TPG Capital, Limited in Hong Kong from August 2009 to February 2014. Prior to that,
Mr. Gong worked as an analyst in the investment banking division of a subsidiary of Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS) in New York.


Mr. Gong received his bachelor’s degree in economics and biomedical engineering in May 2007 from Duke University in the
United States.


                                                                                                                                  51
     Directors and Senior Management




     Ms. Lan Kang (康 嵐), aged 53, was appointed as a non-executive Director in December 2020.


     Ms. Kang is currently a managing director of CBC Group where she is a member of the management committee and heads
     the portfolio management function of CBC Group. She serves as a non-executive board director at I-MAB Biopharma
     (NASDAQ: IMAB), as well as an Independent board director at Avantor (NYSE: AVTR).


     Prior to joining CBC Group in 2020, she was executive board director and senior vice president of Fosun International Limited
     (HKEX: 0656). She also held the role of non-executive board director at a number of healthcare related companies, including
     Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. (HKEX: 2196) and Fosun United Health Insurance. Ms. Kang started
     her career as an oncology research scientist in the US, and later worked as a senior client partner with Korn Ferry and a
     management consultant at McKinsey & Company in China.


     Ms. Kang obtained her bachelor’s degree in biological science and technology from Zhejiang University in China, her MBA
     degree in healthcare management from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, and her master’s degree in
     biochemistry from Tulane University, Louisiana, USA.


     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣 世 東), aged 54, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a member of the audit
     and remuneration committees of our Company in September 2020.


     Mr. Jiang has over a decade of experience in the pharmaceutical industry and serves as the Head of Sales and Marketing
     of Beijing Astellas Medical Co., Ltd. (北 京 安 斯 泰 來 醫 藥 有 限 公 司) to oversee both Hospital & Specialty Business Unit and
     Oncology Business Unit from 1 January 2022. He has been appointed as the Head of Hospital & Specialty Care Business Unit
     & Founding Partner of Astellas Pharmaceutical (China) Co, Ltd. since January 2021. He was previously the general manager
     of Hemony Pharma Co., Ltd., a private pharmaceuticals business in China, including in 2017, the chief executive officer of
     Hisun-Pfizer Pharmaceuticals Ltd., a joint venture between Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) and Zhejiang Hisun Pharmaceuticals Co.,
     Ltd. (SSE: 600267), in 2015, the president of St. Jude Medical (Shanghai) Limited, St. Jude Medical, Inc.’s (NYSE: STJ,
     delisted) Chinese subsidiary, including in 2012, and employed by the Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) pharmaceutical group including
     as general manager for specialty/anti-infectives in 2010 and 2011.


     Mr. Jiang received his bachelor’s degree in power engineering from the Dalian University of Technology in Dalian, China in
     July 1989.




52         Everest Medicines Limited         Annual Report 2021
                                                                 Directors and Senior Management




Mr. Yifan Li (李軼梵), aged 54, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director, chairperson of the audit committee
and member of the nomination committee of our Company in September 2020.


Mr. Li has been a chief financial officer of Human Horizons Group Inc. since April 2021. He served as a vice president of
Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co., Ltd. from October 2014 to April 2021, a chief financial officer of Sanpower Group Limited
from May 2014 to September 2014, and of China Zenix Auto International Limited (NYSE: ZXAIY) from December 2010 to
February 2014.


Mr. Li received his bachelor’s degree of economics in world economy from Fudan University in China in July 1989, his
master’s degree in management and administrative sciences from the University of Texas at Dallas in the United States in
May 1994 and his master of business administration from the University of Chicago in the United States in June 2000.


Mr. Li is a certified public accountant in the United States and a chartered global management accountant with the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants.


Mr. Li has been an independent non-executive director of Frontage Holdings Corporation (HKEX: 1521) since April 2018 and
Xinyuan Property Management Service (Cayman) Ltd. (HKEX: 1895) since September 2019. He has also been an independent
director of Xinyuan Real Estate Co., Ltd. (NYSE: XIN) since February 2017, Qudian Inc. (NYSE: QD) since October 2017,
Sunlands Technology Group (formerly known as Sunlands Online Education Group) (NYSE: STG) since July 2019, and
36Kr Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: KRKR) since November 2019. Mr. Li was a director of Zhejiang Qianjiang Motocycle Co.,
Ltd. (SZSE: 000913) from November 2016 to April 2018. He was an independent director of Heilongjiang Interchina Water
Treatment Co., Ltd. (SSE: 600187) from May 2015 to May 2021 and Zhejiang Tiantie Industry Co., Ltd. (SZSE: 300587)
from December 2017 to April 2021 and Shanghai International Port Group Co., Ltd. (SSE: 600018) from September 2015
to September 2021. He was also an independent non-executive director of ZhongAn Online P & C Insurance Co., Ltd.
(HKEX: 6060) from December 2016 to July 2021.


Mr. Bo Tan (譚 擘), aged 48, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director, chairperson of the remuneration
committee and member of the audit and nomination committees of our Company in September 2020.


Mr. Tan has extensive experience within the financial and pharmaceutical industries, and has worked in private equity,
equity research and commercial sectors. He served in various capacities at 3SBio Inc. (HKEX: 1530) from February 2009 to
December 2019, including as its vice president, chief financial officer, and executive director. He worked at Lehman Brothers
Asia Limited from March 2006 to March 2007 and as a senior analyst at Macquarie Securities Asia from October 2004 to
February 2006.


Mr. Tan received his bachelor’s degree in economics from Renmin University of China in July 1994, his master’s degree
in economics from the University of Connecticut, in the United States in December 1996 and his master of international
management from the American Graduate School of International Management (now known as Thunderbird School of
Global Management) in Arizona, United States in August 1998.


Mr. Tan has served as an independent non-executive director of Globe Metals & Mining (ASX: GBE) since October 2013 and
Akeso, Inc. (HKEX: 9926) since April 2020.




                                                                                                                                53
     Directors and Senior Management




     SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Jason Brown, Ph.D., aged 50, has served as our chief business officer since August 2019. Dr. Brown joined us as our
     senior vice president, business development in July 2017.


     Dr. Brown served as a managing director of CBC Group from October 2016 to July 2018 and now serves as an operating
     partner of CBC Group. From July 2007 to June 2016, Dr. Brown held multiple positions at Thomas, McNerney & Partners, a
     healthcare venture firm that invests in life science and medical technology companies, and his last position held was partner.
     From June 2003 to June 2007, Dr. Brown was employed by Forward Ventures, a life science venture capital firm located in
     San Diego, California, and his last position held was associate.


     Dr. Brown received his bachelor’s degree in biochemistry and molecular biology from Purdue University in the United States in
     May 1993 and his Ph.D. in biology from the University of California, San Diego in the United States in June 2000.


     Ms. Yang Shi (時 陽), aged 46, has served as our chief medical officer, oncology since February 2019. Ms. Shi is also a
     director of EverNov Medicines (Zhuhai Hengqin) Co., Ltd..


     Before joining our Company, Ms. Shi was the head of China clinical development at Merck Serono (Beijing) Pharmaceutical
     Research and Development Co., Ltd. (默克雪蘭諾（北京）醫藥研發有限公司) in China from February 2015 to February 2019.
     Ms. Shi was global clinical project lead for oncology at Boehringer Ingelheim International Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. in
     China and Germany from September 2010 to February 2015. Ms. Shi worked as a product physician, medical advisor and
     senior manager in oncology consecutively at Pfizer Investment Co., Ltd. in China, a subsidiary of Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE), from
     September 2005 to September 2010.


     Ms. Shi received her bachelor’s degree in medicine from the Capital University of Medical Sciences, China in July 1998 and
     her master’s degree in oncology from the Academy of Military Medical Sciences, China in July 2002.


     Ms. Sunny Xu Zhu (朱 煦), aged 51, has served as our chief medical officer, infectious disease since October 2017.


     Before joining our Company, Ms. Zhu served as a global clinical leader in the anti-infective therapeutic area of general
     medicine at Bayer Healthcare Company Limited from April 2013 to October 2017. Ms. Zhu held multiple positions at
     AstraZeneca Pharmaceutical Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of AstraZeneca plc (LSE: AZN), in China and the
     United Kingdom from January 2003 to April 2013 and her last position held was executive director of drug development
     project and portfolio management. Ms. Zhu held multiple positions at MSD China from October 1995 to January 2003 and her
     last held position was clinical research manager.


     Ms. Zhu received her bachelor’s degree in preventive medicine from Beijing Medical University (now the Peking University
     Health Science Center), in July 1994 and her master’s degree of medicine in public health and epidemiology and statistics
     from the Peking University Health Science Center in July 2009.




54         Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                                                  Directors and Senior Management




Ms. Zhengying Zhu, M.D., Ph.D. (朱 正 纓), aged 49, has served as our chief medical officer, internal medicine since
November 2017. Dr. Zhu is also a director of Everstar Therapeutics Limited and Everstar Medicines (Shanghai) Limited.


Before joining our Company, Dr. Zhu served as chief medical officer and head of the business development at Luoxin
Biological Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (羅 欣 生 物 科 技（上 海）有 限 公 司) (now known as Luoxin Pharmaceuticals
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd (羅欣藥業（上海）有限公司)), a wholly owned subsidiary of Shandong Luoxin Pharmaceutical Group Stock
Co., Ltd. (HKEX: 8058, delisted), from October 2014 to October 2017. From November 2006 to October 2014, Dr. Zhu held
multiple positions at Sino-American Shanghai Squibb Pharmaceuticals Limited, a subsidiary of Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:
BMY), and her last position held was senior medical director. Dr. Zhu worked as a physician at AstraZeneca Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd. in China from April 2005 to November 2006.


Dr. Zhu received her M.D. in clinical medicine in July 1996 and her Ph.D. in clinical medicine and internal medicine in
July 2001, both from Shanghai Medical University (now known as Fudan University, School of Medicine). Dr. Zhu completed
her post-doctoral fellowship training at the Division of Nephrology, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas,
Texas, United States in December 2004.


Mr. Steven Xinhui Hu, Ph.D. (胡 新 輝), aged 48, is chief technology officer (CTO) and served as our senior vice president,
chemistry, manufacturing and controls since September 2018 prior to his promotion to this role.


Dr. Hu served as the senior director and head of chemistry, manufacturing and controls in Roche R&D Center (China) Ltd.
from July 2013 to October 2018, director of new product development in GlaxoSmithKline (China) Investment Co., Ltd., a
subsidiary of GlaxoSmithKline plc (NYSE: GSK), from July 2010 to July 2013, and senior scientist research pharmacy in Merck
& Co, Inc. (NYSE: MRK) from March 2008 to July 2010.


Dr. Hu received his Ph.D. in science mechanics from Brown University in the United States in May 2004 and was a
postdoctoral associate in the Chemical Engineering Department at Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the United States
from December 2003 to June 2005.


Mr. Kevin Guo (郭 永), aged 53, has served as chief commercial officer of the Company since 18 February 2021. Mr. Guo
has more than 23 years of commercial leadership and business management experience across a number of multinational
pharmaceutical companies. Mr. Guo joins the Company after holding leadership positions at Eisai, where he most recently
served as vice president and deputy global brand lead for LENVIMA, driving the development and execution of global product
launch strategies, including in markets such as China, Japan and other Asia regions. Prior to this, he was vice president and
head of the pharmaceutical business division of Eisai China Inc., where he managed several key business functions and was
also appointed as chairman of the Board and president of Eisai (Suzhou) Trading Co., Ltd. In addition, Mr. Guo was the vice
president of Oncology Business Unit 1 in Shanghai Roche Pharmaceutical Ltd., among other key commercial and business
development positions at prominent global pharmaceutical companies, including GlaxoSmithKline plc, Wyeth Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd. (now part of Pfizer Inc.), Sino-American Shanghai Squibb Pharmaceutical Limited and Eli Lilly Asia Inc..


Mr. Guo obtained his bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine from Fourth Military University in China and his Executive MBA
from China Europe International Business School.




                                                                                                                                  55
     Directors and Senior Management




     Ms. Wei Jennifer Yang, Ph.D (楊煒), aged 53, has served as chief scientific officer since April 2021. Dr. Yang has more than
     20 years of drug discovery and development experience in pharmaceutical companies. Before joining Everest Medicines,
     Dr. Yang was a vice president, head of China Lung Cancer Initiative at Johnson and Johnson from 2019 to 2021. Dr. Yang
     transitioned into this role from Janssen China R&D, where she spent 6 years as a senior director, head of discovery center.
     Prior to Johnson and Johnson, Dr. Yang held various leadership positions at Eli Lilly and Company in Indianapolis from
     2002 to 2010 and Pfizer Oncology in La Jolla from 2010 to 2012.


     Dr. Yang received her bachelor’s degree from Fudan University in China and Ph.D from Eccles Institute of Human Genetics at
     University of Utah.


     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

     Ms. Leah Liu (劉 栩 昕), aged 37, is our joint company secretary and the vice president of corporate affairs, responsible for
     overseeing the compliance affairs in relations to capital markets, public relations, board of directors, and the Stock Exchange.


     Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Liu was chief financial officer of Laekna Therapeutics and head of capital markets at
     I-Mab (NASDAQ: IMAB) where she led financing and capital markets efforts, including listing preparations. Ms. Liu also
     worked in CloudMinds Technology (Hong Kong) Limited and Xtep International Holdings Limited (HKEX: 1368) as the head of
     capital markets and director of investor relations respectively and was the recipient of multiple industry awards. Ms. Liu has
     extensive experience in the financial services and investment industries and held positions at major international investment
     banks including The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, Daiwa Capital Markets Hong Kong Limited and
     Lazard Ltd.


     Ms. Liu received double bachelor’s degrees in biology and international studies and a master’s degree in cellular molecular
     biology from The Johns Hopkins University. Ms. Liu also received a master’s degree in corporate governance from Hong Kong
     Metropolitan University (formerly known as The Open University of Hong Kong) in 2020. Ms. Liu is an associate member of
     each of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries)
     and The Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators) in the
     United Kingdom.


     Ms. Yee Wa Lau (劉 綺 華), aged 49, is our joint company secretary and an associate director of corporate services of Tricor
     Services Limited. She is a chartered secretary, a corporate governance professional and an associate member of both The
     Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries (now known as The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute) and The
     Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (now known as The Chartered Governance Institute). Ms. Lau received
     her bachelor’s degree in business administrative management from the University of South Australia.


     Ms. Lau has over 20 years of experience in the corporate secretarial field and has been providing professional corporate
     services to Hong Kong listed companies as well as multinational, private and offshore companies.


     Ms. Lau is currently the named company secretary of five listed companies on the Stock Exchange, namely, BAIOO Family
     Interactive Limited (HKEX: 2100), Meituan (HKEX: 3690), Transmit Entertainment Limited (HKEX: 1326), Jiayuan International
     Group Limited (HKEX: 2768) and Li Auto Inc. (HKEX: 2015).

56         Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                                     Corporate Governance Report



The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report for the Company for the year ended 31 December 2021.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Board is committed to achieve high corporate governance standards. The Board believes that high corporate governance
standards are essential in providing a framework for the Group to safeguard the interests of shareholders and to enhance
corporate value and accountability.


The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions of the CG Code contained in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules
as the basis of the Company’s corporate governance practices.


During the Reporting Period, the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code.


The Company will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance with the
CG Code, and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as its own securities dealing code
to regulate all dealings by Directors and relevant employees in securities of the Company and other matters covered by the
Model Code.


Specific enquiry has been made to all the Directors and they have confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code
during the Reporting Period. No incident of non-compliance of the Model Code by the relevant employees has been noted by
the Company for the year ended 31 December 2021.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Board Composition


During the Reporting Period and as at the Latest Practicable Date, the Board comprised four executive Directors, two
non-executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors.




                                                                                                                             57
     Corporate Governance Report




     The composition of the Board is as follows:


     Executive Directors


     Mr. Wei Fu (傅 唯) (Chairman of the Board)
     Dr. Kerry Levan Blanchard (Chief executive officer)
     Mr. Ian Ying Woo (何 穎) (President, Chief financial officer)
     Mr. Xiaofan Zhang (張 曉 帆) (Chief operating officer)


     Non-executive Directors


     Mr. Yubo Gong (龔 聿 波)
     Ms. Lan Kang (康 嵐)


     Independent non-executive Directors


     Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣 世 東)
     Mr. Yifan Li (李 軼 梵)
     Mr. Bo Tan (譚 擘)


     The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” on
     pages 50 to 56 of this annual report.


     None of the members of the Board is related to one another.


     CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

     The positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are held by Mr. Wei Fu and Dr. Kerry Levan Blanchard, respectively.
     The Chairman provides leadership and is responsible for the effective functioning and leadership of the Board. The
     Chief Executive Officer focuses on the Company’s business development and the daily management and operations
     generally. Their respective responsibilities are clearly defined and set out in writing.




58          Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                                                         Corporate Governance Report




BOARD MEETINGS, COMMITTEE MEETINGS AND GENERAL MEETINGS

The attendance records of the Directors at Board meetings, committee meetings and annual general meeting of the Company
during the Reporting Period are set out in the following table below:


                                                              Number of Attendance/Number of Meetings
                                                                                                                   Annual
                                                             Remuneration        Nomination            Audit      General
  Name of Director                                 Board        Committee        Committee         Committee     Meeting


  Executive Directors:
  Mr. Wei Fu                                           4/4              1/1              1/1              —           1/1
  Dr. Kerry Levan Blanchard                            4/4               —                 —              —           1/1
  Mr. Ian Ying Woo                                     4/4               —                 —             1/2          1/1
  Mr. Xiaofan Zhang                                    4/4               —                 —              —           1/1


  Non-executive Directors:
  Mr. Yubo Gong                                        4/4               —                 —              —           1/1
  Ms. Lan Kang                                         4/4              1/1                —              —           1/1


  Independent Non-executive Directors:
  Mr. Shidong Jiang                                    4/4              1/1                —             2/2          1/1
  Mr. Yifan Li                                         4/4               —               1/1             2/2          1/1
  Mr. Bo Tan                                           4/4              1/1              1/1             2/2          1/1



Apart from regular Board meetings, the Chairman of the Board also held one meeting with the independent non-executive
Directors without the presence of other Directors during the Reporting Period.


INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

During the Reporting Period, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment
of at least three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board with one of whom possessing
appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.


The Board has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors a written annual confirmation of his
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers each of them to be independent. Each of the
independent non-executive Directors has signed a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term of three years
with effect from the date of the Prospectus or until the third annual general meeting of the Company since the Listing Date
(whichever is sooner).



                                                                                                                              59
     Corporate Governance Report




     APPOINTMENT, RE-ELECTION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

     The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are laid down in the Articles of Association.
     The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board composition, developing and formulating the relevant
     procedures for nomination and appointment of Directors, monitoring the appointment of Directors and succession planning
     for Directors and assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors.


     Each of the executive Directors, non-executive Director and independent non-executive Directors has entered into a service
     agreement or a letter of appointment with the Company. The term of service for each of the Directors is three years from
     the date of appointment or reappointment. All the Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual
     general meeting.


     At every annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the Directors for the time being, or, if their number is not three
     or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to, but not less than, one-third, shall retire from office by rotation, provided
     that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every
     three years. A retiring Director shall retain office until the close of the meeting at which he retires and shall be eligible for
     re-election thereat. The Company’s Articles of Association also provides that all Directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy
     shall be subject to election by shareholders at the first general meeting after appointment. The retiring Directors shall be
     eligible for re-election.



     RESPONSIBILITIES, ACCOUNTABILITIES AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE
     BOARD AND MANAGEMENT

     The Board should assume responsibility for leadership and control of the Company, and is collectively responsible for
     directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.


     The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying down
     strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance, and ensures that
     sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.


     All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of
     valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning.


     All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek independent
     professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their duties to the Company.


     The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.




60          Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                                                            Corporate Governance Report




The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal control
and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information,
appointment of directors and other significant operational matters of the Company. Responsibilities relating to implementing
decisions of the Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and management of the Company are delegated to
the management.


DIRECTORS’ AND OFFICERS’ LIABILITIES INSURANCE

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover for Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect of legal actions
against Directors, officers and senior management of the Company arising out of corporate activities.


BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established three committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the
Nomination Committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. Each of these committees is established
with defined written terms of reference.


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing
Rules and the CG Code. The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Yifan
Li, Mr. Shidong Jiang and Mr. Bo Tan. Mr. Yifan Li (being the independent non-executive Director with the appropriate
professional qualifications) is the chairman of the Audit Committee.


The primary duties of the Audit Committee include, without limitation to, the following:


•    monitoring the integrity of our financial statements, annual reports, accounts, half-yearly reports and our compliance with
     the Listing Rules and legal requirements in relation to financial reporting;


•    making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of external auditor, approving
     the remuneration and terms of engagement of external auditor, and monitoring the independence and objectivity of
     external auditors and the effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable standards; and


•    reviewing our financial controls, risk management and internal control systems; and dealing with other matters that are
     authorized by the Board.


The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.




                                                                                                                                   61
     Corporate Governance Report




     During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee met twice to review the Company’s annual results and annual report for
     the year ended 31 December 2020 and the interim results and interim report for the six months ended 30 June 2021. During
     the meetings, the Audit Committee also reviewed the significant issues on the financial reporting, operational and compliance
     controls, the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems and internal audit function, appointment of
     external auditors and engagement of non-audit services and relevant scope of works, and arrangements for employees to
     raise concerns about possible improprieties.


     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

     The Company established the Remuneration Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.25 of
     the Listing Rules and the CG Code. The Remuneration Committee consists of three Directors, namely Mr. Bo Tan, Mr. Wei
     Fu and Mr. Shidong Jiang. Mr. Wei Fu is an executive Director, Mr. Bo Tan and Mr. Shidong Jiang are both independent
     non-executive Directors. Mr. Bo Tan is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.


     The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include, among other things:


     •    making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for the executive Directors and senior
          management remuneration and on the compensation of non-executive Directors;


     •    evaluating the performance of Directors and senior management of our Company;


     •    reviewing and approving the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and
          objectives;


     •    establishing formal and transparent procedures for developing remuneration policy; and


     •    dealing with other matters that are authorized by the Board.


     The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are available on the websites of the Company and the
     Stock Exchange.


     During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee met once to review to the Board on the remuneration packages of
     individual executive directors and senior management.


     Details of the Directors’ remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2021 are set out in Note 9 to the consolidated financial
     statements.




62         Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                                                          Corporate Governance Report




The remuneration of the senior management (other than Directors) of the Group by band for the year ended 31 December
2021 is set out below:

    Remuneration bands (HKD)                                                                             Number of persons


    HK$14,000,001–HK$15,000,000                                                                                             —
    HK$21,000,001–HK$22,000,000                                                                                              2
    HK$23,000,001–HK$24,000,000                                                                                              2
    HK$27,000,001–HK$28,000,000                                                                                             —
    HK$28,000,001–HK$29,000,000                                                                                             —
    HK$38,000,001–HK$39,000,000                                                                                             —
    HK$79,000,001–HK$80,000,000                                                                                              1


    Total                                                                                                                    5


NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The Company established the Nomination Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the CG Code.
The Nomination Committee consists of three members, namely, Mr. Wei Fu, Mr. Bo Tan and Mr. Yifan Li. Mr. Wei Fu is an
executive Director, Mr. Yifan Li and Mr. Bo Tan are both independent non-executive Directors. Mr. Wei Fu is the chairman of
the Nomination Committee.


The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment of Directors
and management of Board succession.


The primary duties of the Nomination Committee also include, among other things:


•     reviewing the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least
      annually and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board composition to complement the
      Company’s corporate strategies;


•     assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors and making recommendations to the Board on
      matters relating to the appointment or reappointment of directors and succession planning for directors, in particular the
      chairman of the Board and the chief executive of the Company; and


•     performing tasks as assigned by the Board from time to time.


The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.


During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee held one meeting to review the structure, size and composition of
the Board and the independence of the independent non-executive Directors and consider the qualifications of the retiring
directors standing for election at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

                                                                                                                                   63
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

     Our Company has adopted a board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) which sets out the approach to achieve
     diversity of the Board. Our Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and sees increasing
     diversity at the Board level, including gender diversity, as an essential element in maintaining the Company’s competitive
     advantage and enhancing its ability to attract, retain and motivate employees from the widest possible pool of available talent.
     Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, in reviewing and assessing suitable candidates to serve as a director of the Company,
     the nomination committee will consider a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
     background, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge, and industry and regional experience. Pursuant to the Board
     Diversity Policy, the nomination committee will discuss periodically and when necessary, agree on the measurable objectives
     for achieving diversity, including gender diversity, on the Board and recommend them to the Board for adoption.


     The Company has been taking, and will continue to take, steps to promote gender diversity at the Board and management
     levels. In particular, all of our chief medical officers, who are each responsible for specific therapeutic areas, are female and
     form part of our senior management team. Going forward, we will continue to work to enhance gender diversity of the Board.
     Our Board appointed a female director, Ms. Lan Kang, on 22 December 2020 to our Board after the Listing (keeping in mind
     the importance of management continuity and the timeline for retirement and reappointment of Directors under the Articles)
     and our Nomination Committee will continue to use its best endeavors and on suitable basis to, within three years after the
     Listing, identify and recommend multiple suitable female candidates to our Board for its consideration on appointment of a
     Director. At present, all of the Company’s chief medical officers, namely Ms. Sunny Xu Zhu, Dr. Zhengying Zhu and Ms. Yang
     Shi, are female and each are responsible for clinical development of the Company’s products in their respective therapeutic
     areas. The Company will continue to ensure that there is gender diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior level so that
     we will have a pipeline of female senior management and potential successors to our Board in due time to ensure gender
     diversity of the Board. Our Group will continue to emphasize training of female talent and providing long-term development
     opportunities for our female staff.


     Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Nomination Committee will review annually the structure, size and composition
     of the Board and where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the Board to complement the Company’s
     corporate strategy and to ensure that the Board maintains a balanced diverse profile. In relation to reviewing and assessing
     the Board composition, the Nomination Committee is committed to diversity at all levels and will consider a number of
     aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional qualifications, skills,
     knowledge and regional and industry experience.


     DIRECTOR NOMINATION POLICY

     The Company has adopted a director nomination policy (the “Director Nomination Policy”) in accordance with the CG Code.
     The Director Nomination Policy sets out the selection criteria and process and the Board succession planning considerations
     in relation to nomination and appointment of Directors of the Company and aims to ensure that the Board has a balance of
     skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.



64         Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                                                         Corporate Governance Report




The Nomination Committee shall identify, consider and recommend to the Board appropriate candidates to serve as Directors
and to make recommendations to the Shareholders. The ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment of Directors
rests with the entire Board.


The Director Nomination Policy sets out the non-exhaustive factors for assessing the suitability and the potential contribution
to the Board of a proposed candidate, including but not limited to the following:


•    reputation for integrity;


•    professional qualifications and skills;


•    accomplishment and experience in the biopharmaceutical sector;


•    commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest;


•    independence of proposed independent non-executive Directors; and


•    diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity,
     professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service.


The Director Nomination Policy also sets out the procedures for the selection and appointment of new Directors and
re-election of Directors at general meetings.


The Nomination Committee will review the Director Nomination Policy, from time to time and as appropriate, to ensure its
effectiveness.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION

The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code.


The Board would review the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous professional
development of the Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with
legal and regulatory requirements, and the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in its Corporate
Governance Report.


The Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge
and skills. The joint company secretaries of the Company may from time to time and as the circumstances require provide
updated written training materials relating to the roles, functions and duties of a director of a company listed on the
Stock Exchange.




                                                                                                                                  65
     Corporate Governance Report




     DIVIDEND POLICY

     The Company has adopted a Dividend Policy on payment of dividends in accordance with code provision F.1.1 of the
     CG Code.


     The Company does not have any pre-determined dividend payout ratio. According to the Dividend Policy, payment of
     dividends depends on a number of factors, including our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus,
     general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that our Directors may deem relevant. Dividends may be
     proposed and/or declared by the Board during a financial year and any final dividend for a financial year will be subject to the
     shareholders’ approval.


     DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS

     The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31
     December 2021.


     The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon
     the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.


     The statement of the independent auditor of the Company, PricewaterhouseCoopers, about their reporting responsibilities on
     the consolidated financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 72 to 77 of this annual report.


     CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS

     All Directors should participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills to
     ensure their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.


     Every newly appointed Director should receive formal, comprehensive and tailored induction on the first occasion of his/her
     appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and full awareness of
     Director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.


     Directors should participate in appropriate continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge
     and skills. Internally-facilitated briefings for the Directors would be arranged and reading material on relevant topics would
     be provided to the Directors where appropriate. All Directors are encouraged to attend relevant training courses at the
     Company’s expenses.




66         Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                                                            Corporate Governance Report




For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Directors have attended seminars and training sessions arranged by
professional/financial institutions, and have read relevant materials relating to regulatory updates, accounting, financial or
professional skills and/or directors’ duties and responsibilities. The relevant details are set out below:


                                                                                                Training Areas
                                                                                                                 Business and
                                                                                 Corporate          Legal and        Industry
  Name of Director                                                             Governance          Regulatory    Development


  Executive Directors:
  Mr. Wei Fu                                                                              —                  
  Dr. Kerry Levan Blanchard                                                               —                               
  Mr. Ian Ying Woo                                                                        —                               
  Mr. Xiaofan Zhang                                                                       —                               —


  Non-executive Directors:
  Mr. Yubo Gong                                                                                                          —
  Ms. Lan Kang                                                                            —                               —


  Independent Non-executive Directors:
  Mr. Shidong Jiang                                                                       —                               —
  Mr. Yifan Li                                                                            —                               
  Mr. Bo Tan                                                                              —                               —



AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITY AND REMUNERATION

The Company appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) as the external auditor for the year ended 31 December 2021. A
statement by PwC about their reporting responsibilities for the financial statements is included in the Independent Auditors’
Report on pages 72 to 77.


Fees for auditing and non-auditing services provided by PwC for the year ended 31 December 2021 are included in Note 5
to the consolidated financial statements. The major non-audit services provided by our external auditor for the year ended 31
December 2021 mainly included services in relations to tax consultation.




                                                                                                                                 67
     Corporate Governance Report




     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

     The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the Company’s risk management and internal control systems and reviewing
     their effectiveness. The risk management and internal control measures are designed to manage rather than eliminate the
     risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material
     misstatement or loss. During the Reporting Period, the Board had conducted a review of the effectiveness of the risk
     management internal control system of the Company and considered the system effective and adequate.


     RISK MANAGEMENT

     The Company recognizes that risk management is critical to the success of the business operation. Key operational risks
     faced by the Company include changes in the general market conditions and the regulatory environment of the Chinese and
     global pharmaceutical markets, the ability to develop, manufacture and commercialize the drug candidates, and the ability to
     compete with other pharmaceutical companies. The Company also face various market risks. In particular, the Company is
     exposed to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks that arise in the normal course of the business.


     The Company has adopted a consolidated set of risk management policies which set out a risk management framework
     to identify, assess, evaluate and monitor key risks associated with the strategic objectives on an on-going basis. The Audit
     Committee, and ultimately the Directors, supervise the implementation of risk management policies. Risks identified by
     management will be analyzed on the basis of likelihood and impact, and will be properly followed up and mitigated by the
     Group and reported to the Directors.


     The following key principles outline the Group’s approach to risk management and internal control:


     •    The executive committee which is comprised of senior management and functional heads will oversee and manage the
          overall risks associated with the business operations, including (i) reviewing and approving the risk management policy
          to ensure that it is consistent with the corporate objectives; (ii) reviewing and approving the corporate risk tolerance;
          (iii) monitoring the most significant risks associated with the business operation and the management’s handling of
          such risks; (iv) reviewing the corporate risk in the light of corporate risk tolerance; and (v) monitoring and ensuring the
          appropriate application of risk management framework across the Group.


     •    The Company’s chief operating officer, Mr. Xiaofan Zhang, is responsible for (i) formulating and updating risk
          management policy and target; (ii) reviewing and approving major risk management issues of the Company;
          (iii) promulgating risk management measures; (iv) providing guidance on risk management approach to the relevant
          departments in the Company; (v) reviewing the relevant departments’ reporting on key risks and providing feedbacks;
          (vi) supervising the implementation of risk management measures by the relevant departments; (vii) ensuring that the
          appropriate structure, processes and competencies are in place across the Group; and (viii) reporting to the executive
          committee on the material risks.




68         Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                                                            Corporate Governance Report




•    The relevant departments in the Company, including but not limited to, the finance department, the legal department
     and the human resources department, are responsible for implementing risk management policy and carrying out
     day-to-day risk management practice. In order to formalize risk management across the Group and set a common
     level of transparency and risk management performance, the relevant departments will (i) gather information about the
     risks relating to their operation or function; (ii) conduct risk assessments, which include the identification, prioritization,
     measurement and categorization of all key risks that could potentially affect their objectives; (iii) prepare a risk
     management report annually for the chief executive officer’s review; (iv) continuously monitor the key risks relating to
     their operation or function; (v) implement appropriate risk responses where necessary; and (vi) develop and maintain an
     appropriate mechanism to facilitate the application of risk management framework.


The Company consider that the Directors and members of the senior management possess the necessary knowledge and
experience in providing good corporate governance oversight in connection with risk management and internal control. See
“Directors and Senior Management” for details of their qualification and experiences.


INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board is responsible for establishing the internal control system and reviewing its effectiveness. The Company
established an internal control function to develop and maintain an appropriate internal control framework. A dedicated
workforce was hired in January 2021 to build up internal control metrics, which include both entity-level and business process
level controls. In addition, an internal audit function was also established to perform independent monitoring responsibilities.


The Company regularly reviews and enhances the internal control system. Below is a summary of the internal control policies,
measures and procedures the Company has implemented:


•    The Company has adopted various measures and procedures regarding each aspect of the business operation, such
     as contract management policy, segregation of duty conflicts management, financial closing process, risk management
     and protection of intellectual property. They provide periodic training about these measures and procedures to the
     employees as part of the employee training program. The internal audit team conducts audit field work to monitor
     the implementation of the internal control policies, reports the weakness identified to the management and audit
     committee and follows up on the rectification actions.


•    Comprehensive trainings were delivered to employees to enhance the execution of internal control procedures,
     especially in the area of purchase to pay and manufacturing project management.


•    The Directors (who are responsible for monitoring the corporate governance of the Group), with help from the legal
     advisers, also periodically review the compliance status with all relevant laws and regulations after the Listing.


•    The Company has established the Audit Committee which (i) makes recommendations to the Directors on the
     appointment and removal of external auditors; and (ii) reviews the financial statements and renders advice in respect of
     financial reporting as well as oversees internal control procedures of the Group.


                                                                                                                                       69
     Corporate Governance Report




     •    During 2021, the Company changed ERP system from Oracle to SAP, and set up Sales & Distribution module to have
          the process ready for product commercial launch.


     •    The Company has engaged Somerley Capital Limited as the compliance adviser to provide advice to the Directors and
          management team until the end of the first fiscal year after the Listing regarding matters relating to the Listing Rules.
          The compliance adviser is expected to ensure the use of funding complies with the section entitled “Future Plans and
          Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus after the Listing, as well as to provide support and advice regarding requirements of
          relevant regulatory authorities in a timely fashion.


     •    The Company has engaged the PRC Legal Adviser to advise us on and keep us abreast with PRC laws and regulations
          after the Listing. The Company continue to arrange various trainings to be provided by external legal advisers from time
          to time when necessary and/or any appropriate accredited institution to update the Directors, senior management, and
          relevant employees on the latest PRC laws and regulations.


     The Group has adopted an information disclosure management system (the “system”) which sets out comprehensive
     guidelines in respect of handling and dissemination of material non-public information (“MNPI”). The Board and senior
     management of the Group are responsible for monitoring and implementing the procedural requirements in the system.
     Release of MNPI shall be overseen by the Board. Except for designated persons, no person of the Group is permitted to
     disseminate MNPI relating to the Group to any external parties and to respond to media or public which may materially affect
     the trading price or volume of the Shares on the market.


     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

     Ms. Yin Yin (印 茵) was a joint company secretary of the Company from the Listing Date until her resignation with effect from
     31 January 2022.


     Ms. Leah Liu (劉 栩 昕) (appointed with effect from 28 March 2022) and Ms. Yee Wa Lau (劉 綺 華) have been appointed as
     the Company’s joint company secretaries. Ms. Yee Wa Lau is an associate director of corporate services of Tricor Services
     Limited, a global professional services provider specializing in integrated business, corporate and investor services. Ms.
     Lau’s primary contact person at the Company is Ms. Liu.


     For the year ended 31 December 2021, Ms. Lau has undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training
     respectively in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules. Ms. Liu was appointed as a joint company secretary on 28
     March 2022 which is after the Reporting Period thus Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules is not applicable.


     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

     Convening of Extraordinary General Meetings (“EGM”) by Shareholders

     Pursuant to article 12.3 of the Articles of Association, the Board may, whenever it thinks fit, convene an EGM. EGMs shall
     also be convened on the written requisition of any one or more members holding together, as at the date of deposit of the
     requisition, shares representing not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company which carry the right of voting
     at general meetings of the Company. The written requisition shall be deposited at the principal office of the Company in


70         Everest Medicines Limited            Annual Report 2021
                                                                            Corporate Governance Report




Hong Kong or, in the event the Company ceases to have such a principal office, the registered office of the Company,
specifying the objects of the meeting and signed by the requisitionist(s). If the Directors do not within 21 days from the date
of deposit of the requisition proceed duly to convene the meeting to be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionist(s)
themselves or any of them representing more than one-half of the total voting rights of all of them, may convene the general
meeting in the same manner, as nearly as possible, as that in which meetings may be convened by the Directors provided that
any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months from the date of deposit of the requisition, and
all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Directors shall be reimbursed to them by
the Company.


Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings

There are no provisions allowing Shareholders to propose new resolutions at the general meetings under the Companies Act
of Cayman Islands (as revised and amended from time to time) or the Articles of Association. However, shareholders who
wish to put forward proposals at general meetings may achieve so by means of convening an extraordinary general meeting
following the procedures set out in paragraph above.


As regards the procedures for shareholders to propose a candidate for election as a Director, they are available on the
Company’s website at www.everestmedicines.com.


Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board and Contact Details

For putting forward any enquiries to the Board of the Company, Shareholders may send written enquiries to the Company,
for the attention of the Board by mail to Plaza 66, Tower 1, Units 6601–6606, 1266 West Nanjing Road, Shanghai, 200040,
China. The Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.


Communication with Shareholders and Investors Relations

The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and
investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company endeavours to maintain an
ongoing dialogue with Shareholders and in particular, through annual general meetings and other general meetings. At the
forthcoming annual general meeting, Directors (or their delegates as appropriate) will be available to meet Shareholders and
answer their enquiries.


To promote effective communication, the Company maintains a website at www.everestmedicines.com, where information
and updates on the Company’s business developments and operations, financial information, corporate governance practices
and other information are available for public access.


Changes in Constitutional Documents

During the Reporting Period, the Company did not make any significant changes to its constitutional documents.


A latest version of the Articles of Association is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

                                                                                                                                       71
     Independent Auditor’s Report



     To the Shareholders of Everest Medicines Limited
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     OPINION
     What we have audited

     The consolidated financial statements of Everest Medicines Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”), which
     are set out on pages 78 to 175, comprise:


     •     the consolidated statement of comprehensive loss for the year ended 31 December 2021;


     •     the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021;


     •     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 December 2021;


     •     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended 31 December 2021; and


     •     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and other explanatory
           information.


     Our opinion

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
     Group as at 31 December 2021, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
     then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly prepared in
     compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     BASIS FOR OPINION
     We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those
     standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section
     of our report.


     We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


     Independence

     We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including
     International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (“IESBA Code”),
     and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IESBA Code.


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
     on these matters.
72         Everest Medicines Limited            Annual Report 2021
                                                                                Independent Auditor’s Report




Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

•       Impairment assessment of intangible assets

•       Accrued service fees to contract research organizations (“CROs”)


    Key Audit Matter                                                 How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

    Impairment assessment of intangible assets                       Our procedures performed in relation to management’s
                                                                     impairment assessment of intangible assets mainly included
    Refer to Note 2.6(a), Note 4(b) and Note 15 to the               the following:
    consolidated financial statements.
                                                                     •     Understanding, evaluating and testing key controls
    As at 31 December 2021, the Group had intangible                       relating to management’s impairment assessment of
    assets of RMB2,465.5 million, which were significant to                intangible assets, including the significant estimates
    the consolidated financial statements. Such intangible                 and judgements applied;
    assets included in-licenses and acquired in-process
    research and development of drug products which are              •     Inquiring management and inspecting the relevant
    not ready for use. These intangible assets are subject                 supporting documents about the expected achievement
    to impairment assessment annually, or when there are                   of drug development milestones and the outcome of new
    indicators that these intangible assets might be impaired.             drug development for each drug candidate;
    The impairment assessment is based on the recoverable
    amount of each individual asset.                                 •     Evaluating, with the assistance of our valuation
                                                                           specialist, the appropriateness of the discounted
    Impairment     assessment   of     intangible     assets   was         cash flow model used by management to determine
    considered a key audit matter because it involved                      the fair value of intangible assets in the impairment
    significant   management    estimates     and     judgements,          assessment and the reasonableness of key
    including     assumptions   relating    to      the   expected         assumptions used, including revenue growth rate and
    achievement of drug development milestones and the                     discount rate by comparing with the Group’s business
    outcome of new drug development, revenue growth rate                   plan and market data;
    and discount rate.
                                                                     •     Performing retrospective review by evaluating the
                                                                           outcome of prior period forecast to assess the
                                                                           effectiveness of management’s estimation process;

                                                                     •     Assessing sensitivities over the key assumptions
                                                                           including revenue growth rate and discount rate in the
                                                                           discounted cash flow model to consider the sufficiency
                                                                           of headroom between recoverable amount and
                                                                           carrying amount of each individual asset;

                                                                     •     Evaluating the adequacy of disclosure of key
                                                                           assumptions used in the impairment assessment in the
                                                                           consolidated financial statement.

                                                                     Based on the audit procedures performed, we found
                                                                     management’s estimates and judgements in impairment
                                                                     assessment of intangible assets to be supportable by the
                                                                     available evidence.


                                                                                                                                    73
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     Key Audit Matter                                             How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

     Accrued     service    fees   to     contract   research     Our procedures performed in relation to accrued service
     organizations (“CROs”)                                       fees to CROs mainly included the following:


     Refer to Note 2.6(b), Note 4(c) and Note 24 to the           •     Understanding, evaluating and testing key controls
     consolidated financial statements.                                 relating   to   management’s     measurement       of   the
                                                                        progress of activities and milestones of services
     As at 31 December 2021, the Group had accrued service              provided by CROs;
     fees to third party CROs of RMB50.7 million related to
     the services provided by CROs that are payable as at         •     Inspecting the terms of CRO contracts and testing the
     31 December 2021.                                                  reasonableness of management’s measurement of the
                                                                        progress of the activities and milestones of services
     Management applies estimates and judgment in the                   provided by CROs by examining relevant supporting
     measurement of the progress of activities and milestones           documents, on a sample basis;
     of services provided by CROs on a contract-by-contract
     basis, which is the basis of assessing service fees to       •     Sending confirmations to CROs, on a sample basis,
     CROs that had incurred and therefore should be accrued             to check the information used by management to
     as at 31 December 2021.                                            measure the progress of activities and milestones of
                                                                        services provided by CROs;
     Accrued service fees to CROs was considered a key
     audit matter because significant efforts were spent on       •     Comparing billings received from and/or payments
     auditing management’s measurement of the progress                  made to CROs subsequently with the year end
     of services provided by CROs due to multiple CROs                  balances of accrued service fees to CROs, on a
     involved and different contract terms with each CRO.               sample basis.


                                                                  Based on the audit procedures performed, we found
                                                                  management’s estimates and judgements in the measurement
                                                                  of the progress of activities and milestones of services provided
                                                                  by CROs to be supportable by the available evidence.




74        Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                                                            Independent Auditor’s Report




OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information
included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.


If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH
GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but
to do so.


Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                                                                                                    75
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
     from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report
     our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability
     to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
     that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
     arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
     influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


     As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
     throughout the audit. We also:


     •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
           or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
           and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
           fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
           misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


     •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
           in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal
           control.


     •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
           disclosures made by the directors.


     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
           evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
           the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
           attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
           inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s
           report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
           disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
           manner that achieves fair presentation.


     •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
           within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
           supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




76         Everest Medicines Limited            Annual Report 2021
                                                                              Independent Auditor’s Report




We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Jack Li.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong, 28 March 2022




                                                                                                                                      77
     Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss
     (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                            Years ended 31 December
                                                                     Note                           2021                2020
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000


       Revenue                                                                                        54                   —
       Cost of revenue                                                                                (23)                 —


       GROSS PROFIT                                                                                   31                   —
       General and administrative expenses                             5                        (242,676)           (277,833)
       Research and development expenses                               5                        (613,433)           (377,411)
       Distribution and selling expenses                               5                        (198,150)             (33,246)
       Other income                                                    6                           4,956               1,084
       Other gains/(losses) — net                                      7                          22,940               (1,051)


       OPERATING LOSS                                                                         (1,026,332)           (688,457)
       Finance income/(costs) — net                                    8                          24,065              (31,725)
       Fair value change in financial instruments issued to
         investors                                                     21                         (6,452)          (4,937,983)


       LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAX                                                                 (1,008,719)          (5,658,165)
       Income tax expense                                              10                              —                   —


       LOSS FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE
         EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY                                                        (1,008,719)          (5,658,165)


       OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME:
       ITEMS THAT WILL NOT BE RECLASSIFIED TO
         PROFIT OR LOSS:
       Change in foreign currency translation adjustments                                       (121,902)           (160,396)
       Change in fair value of financial assets at fair value
         through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”)                  16                          9,413             571,651


       OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME                                                        (112,489)            411,255


       TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEAR
         ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE EQUITY HOLDERS OF
         THE COMPANY                                                                          (1,121,208)          (5,246,910)


       BASIC LOSS PER SHARE FOR LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE
         TO THE EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY                          12                           (3.44)             (66.29)
       DILUTED LOSS PER SHARE FOR LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE
         TO THE EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY                          12                           (3.44)             (66.29)


     (The accompanying notes on page 85 to 175 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.)

78         Everest Medicines Limited            Annual Report 2021
                      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                             (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




                                                                     As at 31 December
                                            Note                        2021                 2020
                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000


ASSETS
NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                13                      112,335               11,411
Right-of-use assets                          14                      150,304              110,563
Intangible assets                            15                    2,471,298             2,006,056
Investments                                  16                      830,403              845,697
Other non-current assets                     17                      393,555                 7,045


                                                                   3,957,895             2,980,772


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventory                                                                447                    —
Prepayments and other current assets         19                       47,379                15,287
Trade receivables                                                          49                   —
Cash and cash equivalents                    20                    2,640,053             4,481,122


                                                                   2,687,928             4,496,409


TOTAL ASSETS                                                       6,645,823             7,477,181


LIABILITIES
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Financial instruments issued to investors    21                       26,778                20,880
Lease liabilities                            22                       95,851                58,878
Other non-current liabilities                23                      360,932              369,438


                                                                     483,561              449,196


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities                            22                       28,251                19,015
Trade and other payables                     24                      241,433              167,459
Amounts due to related parties               29                          582                   440


                                                                     270,266              186,914


TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                    753,827              636,110


                                                                                                       79
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                      Note                           2021                2020
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000


       EQUITY
       EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE EQUITY HOLDERS
          OF THE COMPANY
       Share capital                                                   25                              202                198
       Reserves                                                        27                      13,564,660           13,392,531
       Accumulated deficit                                                                     (7,924,735)          (6,916,016)
       Accumulated other comprehensive income                          28                         251,869             364,358


       TOTAL EQUITY                                                                             5,891,996            6,841,071


       TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES                                                             6,645,823            7,477,181



     (The accompanying notes on page 85 to 175 are in integral part of these consolidated financial statements.)


     The financial statements on pages 78 to 175 were approved by the board of directors on 28 March 2022 and were signed on
     its behalf.


                             Kerry Levan Blanchard                                      Ian Ying Woo
                              Chief Executive Officer                         President & Chief Financial Officer




80          Everest Medicines Limited        Annual Report 2021
                          Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                 (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




                                          Share       Capital   Treasury      FVOCI     Exchange Accumulated       Total equity/
                                         capital      reserve     shares     reserve     reserve         deficit        (deficit)
                                       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000
                                       (Note 25)    (Note 27)   (Note 27)   (Note 28)   (Note 28)


Balance at 1 January 2021                   198    13,392,531         —      571,651     (207,293)   (6,916,016)      6,841,071


COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
Loss for the year                            —             —          —           —            —     (1,008,719)     (1,008,719)
Foreign currency translation                 —             —          —           —      (121,902)           —         (121,902)


                                             —             —          —           —      (121,902)   (1,008,719)     (1,130,621)


TRANSACTIONS WITH OWNERS IN
  THEIR CAPACITY AS OWNERS
Issuance of ordinary shares to Share
  Scheme Trust                                3            —          —           —            —             —                 3
Exercise of stock options                     1         5,856         —           —            —             —            5,857
Shares buy-back                              —             —     (58,707)         —            —             —          (58,707)
Change in fair value of
  financial assets at FVOCI                  —             —          —        9,413           —             —            9,413
Share-based compensation                     —       224,980          —           —            —             —          224,980


                                              4      230,836     (58,707)      9,413           —             —          181,546


Balance at 31 December 2021                 202    13,623,367    (58,707)    581,064     (329,195)   (7,924,735)      5,891,996




                                                                                                                                    81
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




                                                 Share       Capital   Treasury      FVOCI     Exchange    Accumulated     Total equity/
                                                capital      reserve     shares     reserve      reserve         deficit        (deficit)
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000
                                              (Note 25)    (Note 27)   (Note 27)   (Note 28)   (Note 28)


       Balance at 1 January 2020                    17      443,649          —           —      (46,897)     (1,257,851)      (861,082)


       COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
       Loss for the year                            —             —          —           —           —       (5,658,165)    (5,658,165)
       Foreign currency translation                 —             —          —           —     (160,396)             —        (160,396)


                                                    —             —          —           —     (160,396)     (5,658,165)    (5,818,561)


       TRANSACTIONS WITH OWNERS IN
         THEIR CAPACITY AS OWNERS
       Issuance of ordinary shares,
         net of transaction costs                  181    12,758,488         —           —           —               —      12,758,669
       Exercise of stock options                    —          1,318         —           —           —               —            1,318
       Cancellation of warrants                     —        71,806          —           —           —               —          71,806
       Change in fair value of
         financial assets at FVOCI                  —             —          —     571,651           —               —         571,651
       Share-based compensation                     —       117,270          —           —           —               —         117,270


                                                   181    12,948,882         —     571,651           —               —      13,520,714


       Balance at 31 December 2020                 198    13,392,531         —     571,651     (207,293)     (6,916,016)     6,841,071



     (The accompanying notes on page 85 to 175 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.)




82           Everest Medicines Limited       Annual Report 2021
                                    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                            (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                Years ended 31 December
                                                           Note                        2021                 2020
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Loss before income tax                                                            (1,008,719)          (5,658,165)


Adjustments for:
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment               13                         6,209                4,481
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                         14                       24,549               15,914
Amortisation of intangible assets                           15                          366                    —
Fair value change in financial instruments issued to
  investors                                                 21                         6,452           4,937,983
Share-based compensation                                    26                      224,980              117,270
Interest income                                             8                        (28,870)              (2,040)
Unrealized foreign exchange losses                          7                        (22,940)                 847
Interest expense                                            8                          4,805               23,820
Issuance cost of Series C Convertible Redeemable
  Preferred Shares financing                                8                             —                10,046


Changes in working capital:
— Trade receivables                                                                      (49)                  —
— Prepayment and other current assets                                                (32,089)              (8,812)
— Inventory                                                                             (447)                  —
— Amounts due from related parties                                                        —                18,616
— Trade and other payables                                                           73,974                86,678
— Amounts due to related parties                                                        142               (16,793)
— Other non-current assets                                                            (7,180)              (3,784)


Interest received                                           8                        28,881                 2,040


Net cash used in operating activities                                               (729,936)            (471,899)


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                            (78,990)              (8,599)
Purchase of land use right                                                                —               (35,397)
Prepayment for intangible assets                                                    (348,381)                  —
Prepayment for purchase of property, plant and equipment                             (30,960)                  —
Purchase of intangible assets                                                       (517,485)            (475,934)


Net cash used in investing activities                                               (975,816)            (519,930)

                                                                                                                      83
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                            Years ended 31 December
                                                                      Note                          2021               2020
                                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000


       CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
       Principal elements of lease liabilities                                                   (23,658)            (19,463)
       Proceeds from initial global offering                                                          —            3,385,233
       Proceeds from issuance of Series C convertible
         redeemable preferred shares (net of issuance cost
         of 10,046)                                                                                   —            1,922,206


       Payment for shares buy-back                                                               (58,707)                 —
       Proceeds from Jiashan Shanhe Equity Investment
         Company (“Jiashan Shanhe”) borrowing                          23                             —             348,590
       Proceeds from exercise of stock option                          27                          5,857               1,318


       Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities                                    (76,508)          5,637,884


       Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash
         equivalents                                                                             (58,809)           (270,994)


       NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH
         EQUIVALENTS                                                                          (1,841,069)          4,375,061
       Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                  4,481,122            106,061


       CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF
         THE YEAR                                                      20                      2,640,053           4,481,122



     (The accompanying notes on page 85 to 175 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.)




84         Everest Medicines Limited             Annual Report 2021
            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




1. GENERAL INFORMATION

  Everest Medicines Limited (the “Company” or “Everest”) was incorporated under the law of Cayman Islands as an
  exempted company with limited liability on 14 July 2017. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to
  as the “Group”) engages primarily in license-in, development and commercialization of innovative therapies in Greater
  China and other emerging Asia Pacific markets.


  The address of the Company’s registered office is PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman KY1-1104, Cayman Islands.


  The Company listed its shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 9 October 2020
  (the “Listing”).


  As at 31 December 2021, the Company has direct or indirect interests in the following subsidiaries:


                                                                                             Interests held
                                                    Date of                                  by the Group
                               Place of             incorporation/           Issued and     At 31 December
    Subsidiaries               incorporation        acquisition           paid up capital    2021       2020 Principal activities


    Directly held by the
      Company


    Everest Medicines (US) The United States        15 September 2017            USD500     100%       100% Business
      Limited                    of America                                                                     development and
                                                                                                                administrative office


    Everonc Medicines Inc. British Virgin Islands   19 April 2017             USD50,000     100%       100% Holding company


    Everest Medicines          Singapore            22 November 2018      SGD70,000,000     100%       100% International activities
      (Singapore) Pte.
      Limited


    EverNov Medicines          Cayman Islands       14 June 2018              USD50,000      92%        92% Holding company
      Limited (“EverNov”)


    Everest Medicines II       Cayman Islands       25 November 2019          USD50,000     100%       100% Holding company
      Limited (“Everest II”)




                                                                                                                                        85
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




     1. GENERAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                            Interests held
                                                                      Date of                                by the Group
                                               Place of               incorporation/        Issued and     At 31 December
            Subsidiaries                       incorporation          acquisition        paid up capital     2021      2020 Principal activities


            Indirectly held by the
              Company


            Everonc Medicines                  Hong Kong              12 May 2017            HKD10,000      100%      100% Holding company
              Limited


            EverSun Medicines                  Hong Kong              28 February 2018            HKD1      100%      100% Holding company
              Limited


            Everstar Therapeutics              Hong Kong              3 January 2018              HKD1      100%      100% Holding company
              Limited


            EverNov Medicines (HK) Hong Kong                          13 December 2018    USD5,000,000       92%       92% Holding company
              Limited


            Everest Medicines II               Hong Kong              25 November 2019            HKD1      100%      100% Holding company
              (HK) Limited
              (“Everest II HK”)


            Everest Medicines                  People’s Republic of   11 October 2017     USD5,000,000     62.96%   62.96% Research and
              (Suzhou) Inc   (a)                 China (“PRC”)                                                                 development of
                                                                                                                               innovative therapies


            EverID Medicines                   PRC                    30 March 2018       USD5,000,000     62.96%   62.96% Research and
              (Beijing) Limited    (a)
                                                                                                                               development of
                                                                                                                               innovative therapies


            Everstar Medicines                 PRC                    16 April 2018       USD5,000,000     62.96%   62.96% Research and
              (Shanghai) Limited         (a)                                                                                   development of
                                                                                                                               innovative therapies




86         Everest Medicines Limited                        Annual Report 2021
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




1. GENERAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                        Interests held
                                                                 Date of                                                 by the Group
                                    Place of                     incorporation/                   Issued and           At 31 December
        Subsidiaries                incorporation                acquisition                 paid up capital             2021      2020 Principal activities


        Indirectly held by the
          Company (continued)


        Everest Medicines           PRC                          3 April 2020                USD70,000,000             62.96%   62.96% PRC holding company
          (China) Co., Ltd   (c)




        EverNov Medicines           PRC                          13 February 2019                USD500,000              92%       92% Research and
          (Zhuhai Hengqin)                                                                                                                     development of
          Limited   (b)
                                                                                                                                               innovative therapies


        Everest Medicines           Korea                        12 July 2021              KRW200,000,000               100%             — International activities
          Korea, LLC


  Notes:



  (a)    These entities are PRC limited liability companies.



  (b) This entity is a limited liability company (registered as wholly foreign owned enterprise under PRC law).



  (c)    This entity is a limited liability company (registered as sino-foreign equity joint venture under PRC law).




                                                                                                                                                                      87
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




     2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

          The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are set out below.
          These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.


          2.1 Basis of preparation


                The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
                Standards (“IFRSs”) as issued by International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and requirements of the
                Hong Kong Companies Ordinance Cap. 622. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under
                the historical cost convention, as modified by the revaluation of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss,
                financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial instruments issued to investors
                which are carried at fair value.


                The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. The Group is primarily
                in the drug candidates research and development phase and has been incurring losses from operations since
                incorporation. The Group incurred net loss of RMB1,008,719 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2021
                (for the year ended 31 December 2020: RMB5,658,165 thousand), and net cash used in operating activities
                was RMB729,936 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2021 (for the year ended 31 December 2020:
                RMB471,899 thousand). The Company obtained funding from financing activities from external investors in
                history and the Listing. Management believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents are sufficient to fund its
                operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements and meet its payment obligations for the next twelve
                months from 31 December 2021.


                The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires the use of certain
                critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise judgment in the process of applying the
                accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions
                and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 4.




88         Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.1 Basis of preparation (continued)


      (a)   New standards and interpretations that are effective for the current year


            The Group has applied the following amendments for the first time for their annual reporting period
            commencing 1 January 2021:


                                                                                              Effective for accounting
                                                                                                    periods beginning
               Standards                             Key requirements                                      on or after


               IFRS 9, IAS39, IFRS 7,                Interest Rate Benchmark Reform —                  1 January 2021
                  IFRS 4 and IFRS 16                   Phase 2
                  (Amendments)



            The amendments listed above did not have any impact on the amounts recognised in prior periods and are
            not expected to significantly affect the current or future periods.




                                                                                                                           89
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




     2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

          2.1 Basis of preparation (continued)


                (b)   New standards and interpretations not yet adopted


                      Certain new accounting standards, amendments to accounting standards and interpretations have been
                      published that are not mandatory for the year ended 31 December 2021 and have not been early adopted
                      by the Group. These new standards and amendments are set out below:


                                                                                                          Effective for accounting
                                                                                                               periods beginning
                       Standards                         Key requirements                                              on or after

                       IAS 16 (Amendment)                Property, plant and equipment —                           1 January 2022
                                                           proceeds before intended use

                       IFRS 3 (Amendment)                Reference to the Conceptual Framework                     1 January 2022

                       IAS 37 (Amendment)                Onerous Contracts — Cost of                               1 January 2022
                                                           Fulfilling a Contract

                       Annual Improvements               Annual Improvements to IFRS                               1 January 2022
                                                           Standards 2018–2020

                       IFRS 17                           Insurance Contracts                                       1 January 2023

                       IAS 1 (Amendment)                 Classification of liabilities as current or               1 January 2023
                                                           non-current

                       IAS 12 (Amendments)               Deferred Tax related to Assets and                        1 January 2023
                                                           Liabilities arisin from a Single Transaction

                       Amendments to IAS 8               Definition of Accounting Estimates                        1 January 2023

                       IFRS 10 and IAS 28                Sale or contribution of assets between                  To be determined
                         (Amendments)                      an investor and its associate or
                                                           joint venture


                      The Group has already commenced an assessment of the impact of these new or revised standards
                      and amendments, certain of which are relevant to the Group’s operations. According to the preliminary
                      assessment made by the directors, no significant impact on the financial performance and positions of the
                      Group is expected when they become effective.




90         Everest Medicines Limited         Annual Report 2021
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.2 Subsidiaries


      Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls
      an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and
      has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully
      consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date
      that control ceases.


      Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealized gains on transactions between entities within the Group are
      eliminated. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the
      transferred asset.


      2.2.1 Business combinations


            (a)   Business combinations not under common control


                  The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The consideration
                  transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities
                  incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group. The
                  consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent
                  consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities
                  assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.


                  The Group recognizes any non-controlling interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-by-acquisition
                  basis. Non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership interests and entitle their
                  holders to a proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation are measured at
                  either fair value or the present ownership interests’ proportionate share in the recognized amounts of
                  the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are measured
                  at their acquisition date fair value, unless another measurement basis is required by IFRS.


                  Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.


                  If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s
                  previously held equity interest in the acquiree is re-measured to fair value at the acquisition date; any
                  gains or losses arising from such re-measurement are recognized in profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                  91
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




     2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

          2.2 Subsidiaries (continued)

                2.2.1 Business combinations (continued)


                     (a)   Business combinations not under common control (continued)

                           Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the Group is recognized at fair value at the
                           acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration that is deemed
                           to be an asset or liability is recognized in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as
                           equity is not remeasured, and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.


                           The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree
                           and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value
                           of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts are less than the fair
                           value of the net assets of the business acquired in the case of a bargain purchase, the difference is
                           recognized directly in the profit or loss.


                           When necessary, amounts reported by subsidiaries have been adjusted to conform with the Group’s
                           accounting policies.


                           The Group early adopted Amended IFRS 3, Business Combination to clarify the definition of a
                           business. Among the amendment when no output are present, a workforce on access to a workflow
                           must be obtained, at minimum, in order for a set to qualify as business.


                     (b)   Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control

                           Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in loss of control are accounted for as
                           equity transactions — that is, as transactions with the owners of the subsidiary in their capacity as
                           owners. The difference between fair value of any consideration paid and the relevant share acquired of
                           the carrying value of net assets of the subsidiary is recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals to
                           non-controlling interests are also recorded in equity.


                     (c)   Disposal of subsidiaries

                           When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the entity is re-measured to its fair
                           value at the date when control is lost, with the change in carrying amount recognized in profit or
                           loss. The fair value is the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the
                           retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously
                           recognized in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group
                           had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities, with the amounts previously recognized in
                           other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.



92         Everest Medicines Limited         Annual Report 2021
                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                              (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.2 Subsidiaries (continued)

      2.2.2 Separate financial statements


            Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
            costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend
            received and receivable.


            Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
            investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
            dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
            the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.


  2.3 Segment reporting


      Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
      decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
      performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors that make strategic
      decisions.


      During all the years presented, the Group’s chief operating decision maker has been identified as the Chief
      Executive Officer, who reviews consolidated results including operating expenses and operating loss at
      a consolidated level only. The Group has been focusing on research and development of innovative drug
      candidates. Accordingly, the management considers that the Group is operated and managed as a single
      operating segment and hence no segment information is presented.


  2.4 Foreign currency translation


      (a)   Functional and presentation currency


            Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of
            the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The Company’s
            functional currency is United States Dollars (“USD”). However, the consolidated financial statements are
            presented in RMB. As the major operations of the Group are within the PRC, the Group determined to
            present its consolidated financial statements in RMB (unless otherwise stated).




                                                                                                                            93
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




     2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

          2.4 Foreign currency translation (continued)


                (b)   Transactions and balances


                      Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing
                      at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and
                      losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange
                      rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognized in the statement
                      of profit or loss, except when deferred in other comprehensive income as qualifying cash flow hedges and
                      qualifying net investment hedges.


                      Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to cash and cash equivalents are presented in the
                      consolidated statements of comprehensive income within other losses.


                (c)   Group companies


                      The results and financial position of all the group entities (none of which has the currency of a
                      hyper- inflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are
                      translated into the presentation currency as follows:


                      (i)     assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of
                              that balance sheet;


                      (ii)    income and expenses for each statement of profit or loss are translated at average exchange rates
                              (unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing
                              on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates
                              of the transactions); and


                      (iii)   all resulting currency translation differences are recognized in other comprehensive income.


          2.5 Property, plant and equipment


                Property, plant and equipment include furniture and fixtures, office equipment, leasehold improvements and
                construction-in-progress and are stated at historical cost less depreciation and impairment, if any. Historical cost
                includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.




94         Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.5 Property, plant and equipment (continued)


      Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate,
      only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost
      of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognized. All other repairs
      and maintenance are charged to the consolidated statements of comprehensive income during the financial
      period in which they are incurred.


      Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs
      to their residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:


      — Furniture and fixtures                    3 years


      — Office equipment                          3 years


      — Leasehold improvements                    Over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life


      The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting
      period.


      An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
      greater than its estimated recoverable amount (Note 2.7).


      Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
      recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.


      Construction-in-progress represents plant under construction and is stated at cost less impairment. This includes
      cost of construction, equipment and other direct costs. Construction-in-progress is not depreciated until such
      time as the assets are completed and are ready for operational use.




                                                                                                                             95
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




     2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

          2.6 Intangible assets


                (a)   In-licenses and In-Process Research and Development (IPR&D)


                      Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost.


                      Certain intangible assets are for in-licenses and IPR&D, with non-refundable upfront payment, milestone
                      payment and royalty payment. Upfront payment is capitalized when paid. The milestone payment is
                      capitalized as intangible assets when incurred if the payment is due on a verifiable outcome, and is
                      expensed if it is due for the execution of activities or is treated as research and development expenditures
                      following the policy in Note 2.6 (b) if the payment is due for outsourced research and development work.
                      Royalty payment is accrued for in line with the underlying sales and recognized as a cost of sales. However,
                      if an IPR&D is acquired in a business combination, it is capitalized as intangible asset measured at fair value
                      at initial recognition.


                      IPR&D acquired is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated amortization and any impairment losses.


                      Research or development expenditures which are related to an IPR&D project acquired separately or in a
                      business combination and incurred after the acquisition of that project, are accounted for in accordance
                      with the capitalization policy in Note 2.6(b).


                      The intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are
                      subsequently amortized when ready for use and over the estimated economic life and assessed for
                      impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortization
                      period and the amortization method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at
                      each financial year end. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives or not ready for use are not amortized
                      but tested for impairment annually either individually or at the cash-generating unit level. The impairment
                      test would compare the recoverable amount of the intangible asset to its carrying value. The estimated
                      life of an intangible asset with an indefinite life is reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life
                      assessment continues to be supportable. If not, the change in the estimated life assessment from indefinite
                      to finite is accounted for on a prospective basis.


                      In-licenses and IPR&D with finite useful life is amortized using the straight-line basis over the estimated
                      economic life of the underlying product, commencing from the date when the product is put into commercial
                      production.




96         Everest Medicines Limited            Annual Report 2021
                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.6 Intangible assets (continued)

      (b)   Research and development expenditures


            The Group incurs significant costs and efforts on research and development activities. Development costs
            are recognized as assets if they can be directly attributable to a newly developed drug products and all the
            following can be demonstrated:


            (i)     the technical feasibility of completing the development project so that it will be available for use or
                    sale;


            (ii)    the Group’s intention to complete the development project to use or sell it;


            (iii)   the Group’s ability to use or sell the development project;


            (iv)    how the development project will generate probable future economic benefits for the Group;


            (v)     the Group’s availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the
                    development and to use or sell the development project; and


            (vi)    the ability to measure reliably the expenditures attributable to the development project.


            The cost of an internally generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditures incurred from the date
            the asset meets the recognition criteria described above to the date when it is available for use. The
            costs capitalized in connection with the intangible asset include costs of materials and services used or
            consumed, employee costs incurred in the creation of the asset and an appropriate portion of relevant
            overheads. The Group generally considers capitalization criteria for internally generated intangible assets is
            met when obtaining regulatory approval of new drug license.


            Capitalized development expenditures are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated
            economic life of the related drug product. Amortization begins when the asset is available for use.
            Subsequent to initial recognition, internally generated intangible assets are reported as cost less
            accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses (if any).


            Development expenditures not satisfying the above criteria are recognized in profit or loss as incurred
            and development expenditures previously recognized as an expense are not recognized as an asset in a
            subsequent period.




                                                                                                                              97
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




     2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

          2.6 Intangible assets (continued)

                (c)   Software


                      Costs incurred to acquire and bring to use of software are capitalized as intangible assets and amortized
                      over their estimated useful lives generally 3 years.


          2.7 Impairment of non-financial assets

                Intangible assets of indefinite useful lives or not ready for use are not subject to amortization and are tested
                annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be
                impaired. The intangible assets related to in-license and IPR&D are not ready for use and the Group is continuing
                research and development work, it is subject to an annual impairment test based on the recoverable amount of
                the cash generating unit to which the intangible asset is related to. Other non-financial assets including right-of-
                use assets and property and equipment and other intangible assets are tested for impairment whenever events
                or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is
                recognized for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable
                amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing
                impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which
                are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units).


                The fair value was estimated using the discounted cash flow approach. Non-financial assets other than goodwill
                that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting
                period.


          2.8 Investments and other financial assets

                2.8.1 Classification


                      The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:


                      (i)    those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income (“OCI”),
                             or through profit or loss), and


                      (ii)   those to be measured at amortized cost.




98         Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                              (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.8 Investments and other financial assets (continued)

      2.8.1 Classification (continued)

           The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
           contractual terms of the cash flows.

           For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses are either recorded in profit or loss or OCI. For
           investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this depends on whether the Group has
           made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at fair
           value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI).

           The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets
           changes.

      2.8.2 Recognition and derecognition

           Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized on trade-date, the date on which the
           group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognized when the rights to receive
           cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the group has transferred
           substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

      2.8.3 Measurement

           At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial
           asset not at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL), transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
           acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit
           or loss.

           Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their
           cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.

           (a)   Debt instruments

                 Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing
                 the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into
                 which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

                 •     Amortized cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash
                       flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortized cost.
                       Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective
                       interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognized directly in profit
                       or loss and presented in other gains/(losses) together with foreign exchange gains and losses.
                       Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the statement of profit or loss.


                                                                                                                              99
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.8 Investments and other financial assets (continued)

                 2.8.3 Measurement (continued)

                      (a)   Debt instruments (continued)

                            •     FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the
                                  financial assets are measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through
                                  OCI, except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign
                                  exchange gains and losses which are recognized in profit or loss. When the financial asset
                                  is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in OCI is reclassified from
                                  equity to profit or loss and recognized in other gains/(losses). Interest income from these
                                  financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Foreign
                                  exchange gains and losses are resented in other gains/(losses) and impairment expenses are
                                  presented as separate line item in he statements of proft or loss.


                            •     FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortized cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL. A
                                  gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVPL is recognized in profit
                                  or loss and presented net within other gains/(losses) in the period in which it arises.


                      (b)   Equity instruments


                            The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s
                            management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI,
                            there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the
                            derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognized in profit
                            or loss as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.


                            Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognized in other gains/(losses) in the
                            statement of profit or loss as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on
                            equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.


                 2.8.4 Impairment


                      The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt
                      instruments carried at amortized cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on
                      whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.


                      For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which requires
                      expected lifetime losses to be recognized from initial recognition of the receivables. See Note 3.1 (b) for
                      details.

100         Everest Medicines Limited         Annual Report 2021
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.9 Offsetting financial instruments

      Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet where the Group
      currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts, and there is an intention to settle on a
      net basis or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


  2.10 Prepayments and other current assets

      Prepayments mainly represent upfront cash payments made to contract research organizations (“CROs”), which
      are organizations that provide support to the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device industries in
      the form of research services outsourced on a contract basis. During the ordinary course of business, the Group
      largely involves services from CROs as a cost-effective solution.


      Prepayments to CROs are subsequently recorded as research and development expenses in accordance with the
      progress of services provided by CROs.


      Prepayments are generally due for settlement within one year or less and therefore are all classified as current assets.


      Other receivables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the
      effective interest method, less allowance for impairment.


  2.11 Inventories

      Inventories, mainly consisting of finished goods, are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost
      comprises amounts related to procurement cost, packagings and freight. Net realizable value is the estimated
      selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.


  2.12 Trade receivables

      Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold in the ordinary course of business and are
      recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method,
      less loss allowance.


      Trade receivables are classified as current asset as they are expected to be settled within 12 months.


  2.13 Cash and cash equivalents

      For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand,
      deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities
      of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an
      insignificant risk of changes in value.

                                                                                                                                 101
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.14 Trade and other payables

                 These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of financial
                 year which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured. Trade and other payables are presented as current liabilities
                 unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting period. They are recognized initially at their fair
                 value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.


           2.15 Financial instruments issued to investors

                 Financial instruments issued to investors consist of Preferred Shares and warrants for purchase of Preferred Shares.
                 Accounting policies and other explanatory information of these financial instruments are elaborated as follows:


                 (a)   Preferred Shares


                       Before the Listing, the Company entered into a series of share purchase agreements with financial
                       investors and issued Series A-1, A-2, B-1, B-2, B-3, C-1 and C-2 Convertible Redeemable Preferred
                       Shares (the “Preferred Shares”). Refer to Note 21(a) for details. In addition, EverNov entered into a license
                       agreement with Novartis and issued Convertible Preferred Shares to Novartis accordingly. Refer to Note
                       21(b) for details.


                       The Preferred Shares issued by the Company or EverNov are redeemable upon occurrence of certain future
                       events. These instruments can be converted into ordinary shares of the Company or EverNov at any time at
                       the option of the holders or automatically converted into ordinary shares upon occurrence of an initial public
                       offering of the Company or EverNov.


                       The Group designated the Preferred Shares as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. They are
                       initially recognized at fair value.


                       Subsequent to initial recognition, the Preferred Shares are carried at fair value with changes in fair value
                       recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.


                       If the Company’s own credit risk results in fair value changes in financial liabilities designated as at fair value
                       through profit or loss, they are recognized in other comprehensive income in the circumstances other than
                       avoiding accounting mismatch or recognizing in profit or loss for loan commitments or financial guarantee
                       contracts.


                       Upon the completion of the Listing, the Preferred Shares issued by the Company were automatically
                       converted to the Company’s ordinary shares.




102         Everest Medicines Limited            Annual Report 2021
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.15 Financial instruments issued to investors (continued)

      (b)   Warrants


            The Company issued warrants under which the holders have the rights to subscribe for the Company’s
            Preferred Shares at a predetermined price during a specific period (Note 21).


            Warrant liabilities are initially recognized at fair value on the date a warrant contract is entered into and are
            subsequently re-measured to their fair value at the end of each reporting period.


  2.16 Provision


      Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past
      events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be
      reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognized for future operating losses.


      Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
      determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognized even if the likelihood of
      an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.


      Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to settle
      the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the present value
      is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
      liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognized as interest expense.


  2.17 Share Capital


      Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of equity instruments
      are shown in equity as a deduction, net off tax, from the proceeds.




                                                                                                                                103
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.18 Dividend distribution


                 Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognized as a liability in the Group’s consolidated
                 financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s shareholders or
                 directors, where appropriate.


           2.19 Current and deferred income tax

                 The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognized in the consolidated
                 statements of comprehensive income, except to the extent that it relates to items recognized in other
                 comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income
                 or directly in equity, respectively.


                 (a)   Current income tax


                       The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted
                       at the end of the reporting period. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with
                       respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions,
                       where appropriate, on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.


                 (b)   Deferred income tax


                       Inside basis differences


                       Deferred income tax is recognized, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the
                       tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements.


                       However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill. Also,
                       the deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a
                       transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting
                       nor taxable profit nor loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been
                       enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the
                       related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred income tax liability is settled.




104         Everest Medicines Limited            Annual Report 2021
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.19 Current and deferred income tax (continued)

      (b)   Deferred income tax (continued)


            Inside basis differences (continued)


            Deferred income tax is recognized, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between
            the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements.
            However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill. Also,
            the deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a
            transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting
            nor taxable profit nor loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been
            enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the
            related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred income tax liability is settled.


            Deferred income tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be
            available against which the temporary differences can be utilized.


            Outside basis differences


            Deferred income tax liabilities are provided on taxable temporary differences arising from investments
            in subsidiaries, except for deferred income tax liability where the timing of the reversal of the temporary
            difference is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
            foreseeable future.


            Deferred income tax assets are recognized on deductible temporary differences arising from investments in
            subsidiaries only to the extent that it is probable the temporary difference will reverse in the future and there
            is sufficient taxable profit available against which the temporary difference can be utilized.


      (c)   Offsetting


            Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current
            tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income tax assets and liabilities relate to
            income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different taxable entities
            where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.




                                                                                                                                 105
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.20 Employee benefits


                 (a)   Short-term obligations


                       Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits that are expected to be settled wholly
                       within 12 months after the end of the period in which the employees render the related service are
                       recognized in respect of employees’ services up to the end of the reporting period and are measured at
                       the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. The liabilities are presented as current
                       employee benefit obligations in the balance sheet.


                 (b)   Pension obligations


                       Employees of the Group are covered by various government-sponsored defined-contribution pension plans
                       under which the employees are entitled to a monthly pension based on certain formulas. The relevant
                       government agencies are responsible for the pension liability to these employees when they retire. The
                       Group contributes on a monthly basis to these pension plans for the employees which are determined at
                       a certain percentage of their salaries. Under these plans, the Group has no obligation for post-retirement
                       benefits beyond the contribution made. Contributions to these plans are expensed as incurred and
                       contributions paid to the defined contribution pension plans for a staff are not available to reduce the
                       Group’s future obligations to such defined-contribution pension plans even if the staff leaves the Group.


                       Employees of the Group in Mainland China are entitled to participate in various government supervised
                       housing funds, medical insurance and other employee social insurance plan. The Group contributes on a
                       monthly basis to these funds based on certain percentages of the salaries of the employees, subject to
                       certain ceiling. The Group’s liability in respect of these funds is limited to the contributions payable in each
                       period.


                 (c)   Termination benefits


                       Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal
                       retirement date, or when an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The
                       Group recognizes termination benefits at the earlier of the following dates: (a) when the Group can no
                       longer withdraw the offer of those benefits; and (b) when the Group recognizes costs for a restructuring
                       and involves the payment of terminations benefits. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary
                       redundancy, the termination benefits are measured based on the number of employees expected to accept
                       the offer. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of the reporting period are discounted to
                       present value.



106         Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                               (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.21 Share based compensation


      (a)   Equity-settled share-based payment transaction


            The Company operates restricted share units and stock options plan for the Group’s employees, under
            which the entity receives services from employees as consideration for equity instruments of the Company.
            The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of equity instruments is
            recognized as an expense in the consolidated financial statements. The total amount to be expensed is
            determined by reference to the fair value of the equity instruments as at the grant date, considering:


            •     any market performance conditions;


            •     excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions;


            •     the impact of any non-vesting conditions (for example, the requirement for employees to serve).


            At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of stock options that
            are expected to vest based on the non-marketing performance and service conditions. It recognizes the
            impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss,
            with a corresponding adjustment to equity. For stock options include a market condition, the transactions
            are treated as vested irrespective of whether the market condition is satisfied, provided that all other
            performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.


            In addition, in some circumstances employees may provide services in advance of the grant date and
            therefore the grant date fair value is estimated for the purposes of recognizing the expense during the period
            between service commencement date and grant date.


            Where there is any modification of terms and conditions which increases the fair value of the equity
            instruments granted, the Group includes the incremental fair value in the measurement of the amount
            recognized for the services received over the remainder of the vesting period. The incremental fair value
            is the difference between the fair value of the modified equity instrument and that of the original equity
            instrument, both estimated as at the date of the modification. An expense based on the incremental
            fair value is recognized over the period from the modification date to the date when the modified equity
            instruments vest in addition to any amount in respect of the original instrument, which should continue to be
            recognized over the remainder of the original vesting period.




                                                                                                                             107
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.21 Share based compensation (continued)

                 (b)   Share-based payment transaction among group entities


                       The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiaries
                       undertakings in the Group is treated as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services received,
                       measured by reference to the grant date fair value, is recognized over the vesting period as an increase
                       to investment in subsidiaries undertakings, with a corresponding credit to equity in separate financial
                       statements of the Company.


           2.22 Revenue Recognition

                 The Group principally derives revenue from sales of drug products.


                 Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, and represents amounts
                 receivable for goods sold, stated net of discounts, returns and value-added taxes.


                 The Group sells drug products to end customers through distributors and recognizes revenue at the point in time
                 when drug products are delivered to end customers, which is the time when control is transferred.


           2.23 Other income


                 The Group provides consultancy services in the field of business development, clinical development, related
                 platform support and general and administrative supports to related parties and third parties. The contract prices
                 are determined based on the actual cost incurred plus a margin. Such income is recognized over time when
                 services are performed and is presented net off related cost in other income.


           2.24 Interest income

                 Interest income on financial assets at amortized cost calculated using the effective interest method is recognized
                 in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.


                 Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset
                 except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit- impaired financial assets the effective
                 interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance).




108         Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  2.25 Government grant


      Grants from government are recognized at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grants
      will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.


      Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognized in the consolidated statements of
      comprehensive income over the period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to
      compensate.


  2.26 Leases and right-of-use assets as leasee

      The Group leases properties for operation. The consideration paid for lease are treated as right-of-use assets,
      which are stated at cost less accumulative amortization and accumulated impairment losses, if any.


      Rental contracts are typically made for fixed periods of 3 to 6 years, but may have extension options. The Group
      also obtained a land use right for usage of land for plant with the lease period of 50 years. Lease terms are
      negotiated on an individual basis and contain various terms and conditions.


      Leases are recognized as right-of-use assets and the corresponding liabilities at the date of which the respective
      leased assets are available for use by the Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance
      cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate
      of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.


      Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include
      the net present value of the following lease payment:


      (i)     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;


      (ii)	variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at
              the commencement date;


      (iii)   amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;


      (iv)    the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and


      (v)     payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising that option.


      Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of
      the liability.




                                                                                                                               109
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.26 Leases and right-of-use assets as leasee (continued)

                 The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily
                 determined, which is generally the case for leases of the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used,
                 being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of
                 similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions.


                 Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:


                 •      the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability


                 •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received


                 •      any initial direct costs, and


                 •      restoration costs


                 Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the lease term on a straight-line basis. Right-of-use assets are
                 subject to impairment (Note 2.7).


                 Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognized on a straight-line basis
                 as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of less than 12 months. Low-value
                 assets comprise small items of machinery.


      3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

           3.1 Financial risk factors


                 The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk), credit
                 risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial
                 markets and seeks to minimize potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.


                 (a)   Market risk


                       (i)   Foreign exchange risk


                             Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions or recognized assets and liabilities
                             are denominated in a currency that is not the respective group entities’ functional currency.




110         Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                             (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

  3.1 Financial risk factors (continued)


      (a)   Market risk (continued)


            (i)   Foreign exchange risk (continued)


                  Certain bank balances and cash are denominated in foreign currencies of respective group entities
                  that are exposed to foreign currency risk. The Group has entities operating in PRC and the United
                  Stats of America, and the Group constantly reviews the economic situation and its foreign exchange
                  risk profile, and considers appropriate hedging measures in the future, as may be necessary.


                  Most foreign exchange transactions were denominated in USD for the group companies that have
                  functional currency in RMB. As at 31 December 2021, if the RMB strengthened/weakened by
                  5% against the USD with all other variables held constant, net loss for the year would have been
                  RMB13,469 thousand lower/higher (As at 31 December 2020: RMB413 thousand higher/lower).


      (b)   Credit risk


            The Group has three types of financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model: trade
            receivables, other receivables and cash and cash equivalents. The carrying amounts of trade receivables,
            other receivables and cash and cash equivalents represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in
            relation to financial assets.


            The Group applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses
            to be recognised from initial recognition of trade receivables. Management has assessed that during the
            years presented, amount due from related parties and other receivables have not had a significant increase
            in credit risk since initial recognition. Thus, a 12-month expected credit loss approach that results from
            possible default event within 12 months of each reporting date is adopted by management. The Group
            does not expect any losses from non-performance by the counterparties of above receivables and no loss
            allowance provision for these receivables was recognized.


            The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with cash and cash equivalents
            since they are substantially deposited at state-owned banks or reputable commercial banks which are
            high-credit-quality financial institutions. Management does not expect that there will be any significant
            losses from non-performance by these counterparties.




                                                                                                                         111
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

           3.1 Financial risk factors (continued)

                 (c)   Liquidity risk


                       Prudent liquidity risk management includes maintaining sufficient cash and cash equivalents and the
                       ability to raise funds through debt and equity financing. The Group historically financed its working capital
                       requirements through issue of preferred shares and convertible notes and the Listing. After the Listing, the
                       Group has alternative financing through new shares issuance.


                       Management monitors rolling forecasts of the Group’s liquidity reserve on the basis of expected cash flows.


                       The table below analyzes the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the
                       remaining period at the balance sheet to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table
                       are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their carrying balances,
                       as the impact of discounting is not significant.


                       The Group recognizes the financial instruments issued to investors at fair value through profit or loss.
                       Accordingly, the financial instruments issued to investors are managed on a fair value basis rather than by
                       maturing dates.


                                                                                       Between     Between
                                                                          Less than      1 and       2 and        Over
                                                                             1 year     2 years     5 years     5 years       Total
                                                                          RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000


                         At 31 December 2021
                         Trade and other payable                            241,433          —           —          —      241,433
                         Amount due to related parties                         582           —           —          —          582
                         Lease liabilities                                   29,021      30,356      72,184      7,282     138,843


                                                                            271,036      30,356      72,184      7,282     380,858


                         At 31 December 2020
                         Trade and other payable                            167,459          —           —          —      167,459
                         Amount due to related parties                         440           —           —          —          440
                         Lease liabilities                                   19,523      19,202      47,152      1,504      87,381


                                                                            187,422      19,202      47,152      1,504     255,280


112         Everest Medicines Limited              Annual Report 2021
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                               (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

  3.2 Capital risk management


      The Group’s objectives of managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern in
      order to provide returns for equity holders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital
      structure to reduce the cost of capital.


      In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to equity
      holders, return capital to equity holders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.


      The Group monitors capital (including share capital and reserves) by regularly reviewing the capital structure. As
      a part of this review, the Company considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with the issued share
      capital. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group’s capital risk is low.


  3.3 Fair value estimation


      There are judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial instruments that are
      measured at fair value in the financial statements. To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used
      in determining fair value, the Group has classified its financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under
      the accounting standards:


      Level 1: The fair values of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as trading and available-for-sale
              securities) are based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period.


      Level 2: The fair values of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market are determined using
              valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on
              entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the
              instrument is included in level 2.


      Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included
              in level 3.


      The carrying amounts of the financial assets and liabilities, which are measured at amortised cost, approximated
      their fair value as at 31 December 2021 and 2020.




                                                                                                                              113
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

           3.3 Fair value estimation (continued)

                 The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value at 31 December
                 2021:


                                                                                  Level 1     Level 2    Level 3      Total
                                                                                RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000


                   Assets:
                   Investment (Note 16)                                          798,525            —    31,878    830,403


                   Liabilities:
                   Preferred Shares (Note 21)                                          —            —    26,778     26,778


                 The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value at
                 31 December 2020:


                                                                                  Level 1     Level 2    Level 3      Total
                                                                                RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000


                   Assets:
                   Investment (Note 16)                                          813,072            —    32,625    845,697


                   Liabilities:
                   Preferred Shares (Note 21)                                          —            —    20,880     20,880


                 (a)     Valuation techniques used to determine fair values


                         Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include the use of quoted market prices,
                         dealer quotes for similar instruments and discounted cash flow analysis.


                         There were no changes in valuation techniques during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.


                         There were no transfers between levels 1, 2 and 3 for recurring fair value measurements during the years
                         ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.


                         The changes in level 3 instruments for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 are presented in
                         Note 16 and Note 21.




114         Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                  (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS

  The preparation of financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which, by definition, will seldom equal
  the actual results. Management also needs to exercise judgement in applying the group’s accounting policies.


  Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated. They are based on historical experience and other factors,
  including expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be
  reasonable under the circumstances.


  (a)   Development expenditures


        Development expenditures incurred on the Group’s research and development activities, including conducting
        clinical trials and other activities related to regulatory filings for the Group’s drug candidates, are capitalised as
        intangible assets only when meet the capitalisation criteria set out in Note 2.6(b). Expenditures that do not meet
        these capitalisation principle are recognised as research and development expenses. During the years ended
        31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group’s research and development expenditures incurred did not meet these
        capitalisation principle for any products and were expensed as incurred.


  (b)   Impairment testing of intangible assets not ready for use


        Intangible assets not ready for use are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for impairment, or
        more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. The Group obtained
        in-licenses and IPR&D through acquisition for the purpose of continuing the research and development work and
        commercialisation of the products, which are classified as intangible assets not ready for use.


        An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the intangible asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
        recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an intangible asset’s fair value less costs of disposal
        and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, each in-license and IPR&D is a cash-generating
        units. Key assumptions are disclosed in Note 15.


  (c)   Accrued service fees to CROs


        Research and development expenses primarily include costs related to clinical trials paid to CROs. The estimate
        of accrued service fees to CROs is complex because billing terms under contracts with CRO often do not coincide
        with the timing of when the work is performed, which in turn requires estimates of outstanding obligations as of
        period end. These estimates are based on a number of factors, including management’s knowledge of the R&D
        programs and activities associated with timelines, invoicing to date, and the provisions in the contracts.




                                                                                                                                 115
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (CONTINUED)

           (d)   Fair value of financial instruments issued to investors


                 The financial instruments issued by EverNov including Preferred Shares and warrant for purchase of Preferred
                 Shares are not traded in an active market and the respective fair value is determined by using valuation
                 techniques. The discounted cash flow method was used to determine the total equity value of EverNov and the
                 equity allocation model was adopted to determine the fair value of the financial instruments. Key assumptions,
                 such as discount rate, risk-free interest rate and volatility are disclosed in Note 21(b).


           (e)   Share-based compensation expenses


                 As disclosed in Note 26, the Company has granted restricted share units and stock options to the Group’s
                 employees. The Company has engaged an independent valuer to determine the grant date fair value of the
                 restricted share units granted prior to the Listing and stock options to employees, which is to be expensed over
                 the vesting period. Share-based compensation in relation to the restricted share units is measured based on the
                 fair value of the Company’s ordinary shares at the grant date of the award. Prior to the Listing, estimation of the
                 fair value of the Company’s ordinary shares involves significant assumptions that might not be observable in the
                 market, and a number of complex and subjective variables, including discount rate, and subjective judgments
                 regarding projected financial and operating results, its unique business risks, and its operating history and
                 prospects at the time the grants are made. In addition, the Company used the Black Scholes model, binominal
                 model or Monte Carlo Simulation model to determine the fair value of the stock options as of the grant date, and
                 in the case of stock option with market condition, the determination of vesting period. The determination of the fair
                 value is affected by the fair value of the ordinary shares as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex
                 and subjective variables Refer to Note 26 for details.


           (f)   Deferred income tax


                 The Group recognizes deferred tax assets based on estimates that is probable to generate sufficient taxable
                 profits in the foreseeable future against which the deductible losses will be utilised. The recognition of deferred tax
                 assets mainly involved management’s judgements and estimations about the timing and the amount of taxable
                 profits of the companies who had tax losses. During the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, deferred tax
                 assets have not been recognised in respect of these accumulated tax losses and other deductible temporary
                 differences based on the fact that there were several drug candidates of the Company and most of them were in
                 clinical trial stage and the future taxable profits would be uncertain.




116         Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                            (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




5. EXPENSES BY NATURE

                                                                                Years ended 31 December
                                                                                        2021                 2020
                                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000


   Employee benefit expenses (Note 9)                                                574,841              309,341
   Clinical trial and research expenses                                              292,822              211,304
   Professional expenses                                                             113,836              121,806
   Office and travelling expenses                                                     33,922               19,681
   Depreciation & Amortization                                                        31,124               20,395
   Auditors’ remuneration:
   — Audit services                                                                    3,780                7,646
   — Non-audit services                                                                  175                  682
   Others                                                                              3,759                3,483


   Total general and administrative expenses, research and development,
    distribution and selling expenses and cost of other income                     1,054,259              694,338



6. OTHER INCOME

                                                                                Years ended 31 December
                                                                                        2021                 2020
                                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000


   Income from consultancy services (a)                                                   —                 6,074
   Cost of other income (a)                                                               —                (5,848)
   Government grants                                                                   4,956                  858


                                                                                       4,956                1,084




                                                                                                                      117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      6. OTHER INCOME (CONTINUED)

           (a)      The Group provided consultancy services in the field of business development, clinical development, related platform support and general and

                    administrative supports, to other parties including related parties, as below:


                                                                                                                       Years ended 31 December

                                                                                                                              2021                       2020

                                                                                                                          RMB’000                    RMB’000



                       Others                                                                                                    —                         226



                    The contract prices are determined based on the actual cost incurred plus a margin. Such income is recognized
                    over time when services are performed and is presented net off related cost in other income.


      7. OTHER (GAINS)/LOSSES — NET
                                                                                                                   Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                                             2021                       2020
                                                                                                                       RMB’000                     RMB’000


                 Net foreign exchange (gains)/losses on operating activities                                             (22,940)                        949
                 Others                                                                                                         —                        102


                                                                                                                         (22,940)                      1,051



      8. FINANCE (INCOME)/COSTS — NET
                                                                                                                   Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                                             2021                       2020
                                                                                                                       RMB’000                     RMB’000


                 Bank interest income                                                                                    (28,881)                     (1,987)
                 Interest income form loan to a director (Note 9(e))                                                            11                        (52)
                 Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                                                     4,805                      2,870
                 Issuance cost of Series C Convertible Redeemable Preferred
                   Shares financing                                                                                             —                     10,046
                 Net exchange losses on foreign currency borrowings                                                             —                        (102)
                 Interest expenses on borrowings from Jiashan Shanhe (Note 13)                                                  —                     20,950


                 Finance (income)/costs — net                                                                            (24,065)                     31,725




118         Everest Medicines Limited                      Annual Report 2021
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                              (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




9.	EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

                                                                                   Years ended 31 December
                                                                                           2021                  2020
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000


    Salaries, wages and bonuses                                                         325,173              185,559
    Social security costs and housing benefits                                           24,688                 6,512
    Share-based compensation                                                            224,980              117,270


                                                                                        574,841              309,341



  (a)   Five highest paid individuals


        For the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, the five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in
        the Group include 3 directors, whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis presented in Note 9(b) below. The
        emoluments to the remaining 2 individuals were as follows:


                                                                                   Years ended 31 December
                                                                                           2021                  2020
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000


          Basic salaries                                                                  6,942                 6,888
          Bonuses                                                                         3,345                 4,027
          Contributions to pension plans                                                    109                    15
          Housing funds, medical insurance and other social insurance                       180                    64
          Share-based compensation                                                       26,817                14,751


                                                                                         37,393                25,745




                                                                                                                          119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      9.	EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (CONTINUED)

           (a)   Five highest paid individuals (continued)


                 The number of five highest paid individuals whose remuneration during the years ended 31 December 2021 and
                 2020 fell within the following bands are as follows:


                                                                                         Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                2021                 2020


                   Emolument bands
                   HK$14,000,001–HK$15,000,000                                                     —                    2
                   HK$21,000,001–HK$22,000,000                                                      2                  —
                   HK$23,000,001–HK$24,000,000                                                      2                  —
                   HK$27,000,001–HK$28,000,000                                                     —                    1
                   HK$28,000,001–HK$29,000,000                                                     —                    1
                   HK$38,000,001–HK$39,000,000                                                     —                    1
                   HK$79,000,001–HK$80,000,000                                                      1                  —



                 No emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the five individuals with the highest emoluments as an
                 inducement to join or upon joining the Groups or as compensation for loss of office for the year ended
                 31 December 2021 and 2020.




120         Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                     (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




9.	EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (CONTINUED)

  (b)	Details of emoluments in respect of the directors of the Company

      The emoluments in respect of each of the directors paid/payable by the Group for the year ended 31 December
      2021 are as follows:


                                                           Basic
                                                     salaries and                Retirement     Social
                                          Director   allowances        Bonus        benefit   security   Share-based
                                              Fee              (i)        (ii)        costs     costs compensation        Total
                                          RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000


        Executive directors
        Mr. Ian Ying Woo (iv)                  —           4,463       5,963             —        307          7,525     18,258
        Mr. Xiaofan Zhang (v)                  —           4,448       5,938             —          4          9,455     19,845
        Mr. Wei Fu (vi)                        —              —           —              —         —              —          —
        Dr. Kerry Levan Blanchard (vii)        —           8,713       9,201             —        123         48,126     66,163


                                               —          17,624      21,102             —        434         65,106    104,266


        Non-executive directors
        Mr. Yubo Gong (viii)                   —              —           —              —         —              —          —
        Ms. Lan Kang (ix)                      —              —           —              —         —              —          —


                                               —              —           —              —         —              —          —


        Independent non-executive
           directors (x)
        Mr. Shidong Jiang                     322             —           —              —         —            385        707
        Mr. Yifan Li                          322             —           —              —         —            385        707
        Mr. Bo Tan                            322             —           —              —         —            385        707


                                              966             —           —              —         —           1,155      2,121




                                                                                                                                  121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      9.	EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (CONTINUED)

           (b)	Details of emoluments in respect of the directors of the Company (continued)


                 The emoluments in respect of each of the directors paid/payable by the Group for the year ended 31 December
                 2020 are as follows:


                                                                                 Basic
                                                                          salaries and                                        Social
                                                              Director     allowances          Bonus     Retirement         security    Share-based
                                                                   Fee                 (i)         (ii) benefit costs         costs compensation                Total
                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000


                        Executive directors
                        Mr. Sean Wuxiong Cao (iii)                  —           1,154            444              29             58                —            1,685
                        Mr. Ian Ying Woo (iv)                       —           2,792          7,806              27            300           13,504          24,429
                        Mr. Neo Xiaofan Zhang (v)                   —           4,517          7,359              —                4          13,049          24,929
                        Mr. Wei Fu (vi)                             —                  —           —              —               —                —               —
                        Dr. Kerry Levan Blanchard (vii)             —           4,795         11,515              —              30           17,888          34,228


                                                                    —          13,258         27,124              56            392           44,441          85,271


                        Non-executive directors
                        Mr. Yubo Gong (viii)                        —                  —           —              —               —                —               —
                        Ms. Lan Kang (ix)                           —                  —           —              —               —                —               —


                                                                    —                  —           —              —               —                —               —


                        Independent non-executive
                          directors (x)
                        Mr. Shidong Jiang                           92                 —           —              —               —                —               92
                        Mr. Yifan Li                                92                 —           —              —               —                —               92
                        Mr. Bo Tan                                  92                 —           —              —               —                —               92


                                                                   276                 —           —              —               —                —              276


                 (i)        Salary paid to a director is generally an emolument paid in respect of that person’s other services in connection with the management of the

                            affairs of the Company or its subsidiaries undertakings.



                 (ii)       Bonus are determined based on the financial performance of the Group and the performance of each individual.




122         Everest Medicines Limited                     Annual Report 2021
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




9.	EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (CONTINUED)

  (b)	Details of emoluments in respect of the directors of the Company (continued)

        (iii)    Mr. Sean Wuxiong Cao was appointed as director of the Group on 23 November 2017 and stepped down from executive director on

                 25 February 2020.



        (iv)     Mr. Ian Ying Woo was appointed as director of the Group on 31 December 2018 and re-designated as executive director of the Group on

                 15 July 2020.



        (v)      Mr. Xiaofan Zhang was appointed as director of the Group on 23 November 2017 and re-designated as executive director of the Group on

                 15 July 2020.



        (vi)     Mr. Wei Fu was appointed as director of the Group on 14 July 2017 and re-designated as executive director of the Group on 15 July 2020.

                 Mr. Wei Fu did not receive any emolument during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.



        (vii)    Dr. Kerry Levan Blanchard was re-designated as director of the Group on 25 February 2020 and designated as executive director of the

                 Group on 15 July 2020.



        (viii)   Mr. Yubo Gong was appointed as director of the Group on 3 June 2020 and re-designated as non-executive director of the Group on 15 July 2020.



        (ix)     Ms. Lan Kang was appointed as non-executive director of the Group on 22 December 2020.



        (x)      Mr. Shidong Jiang, Mr. Yifan Li and Mr. Bo Tan were appointed as independent non-executive directors of the Group on 25 September 2020.



  (c)   Directors’ termination benefits

        None of the directors received or will receive any termination benefits during the years ended 31 December 2021
        and 2020.


  (d)   Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services


        The Group did not pay consideration to any third parties for making available directors’ services during the
        years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.


  (e)	Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled
       bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors


        On 2 July 2020, the Company provided a loan to one director of the Company, at the total amount of
        USD325 thousand. The loan has term of three years and a simple interest rate of 5.0% per annum. The principal
        and accrued interest will be paid on maturity date. In 2021, pursuant to an amendment agreement with this
        director, the interest rate decreased from 5.0% per annum to 1.25% per annum.



                                                                                                                                                                 123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      9.	EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (CONTINUED)

           (e)	Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled
                bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors (continued)


                 Other than the loan mentioned above, there are no other loans, quasi-loans and other dealings were made
                 available in favour of directors, bodies corporate controlled by and entities connected with directors subsisted at
                 the end of the year or at any time during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.


           (f)   Inducement or waiver of emoluments


                 No directors received emoluments from the Group as inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
                 compensation for loss of office for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020. No directors waived or had
                 agreed to waive any emoluments for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.


           (g)   Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts


                 No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the
                 Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or
                 indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.


      10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
           (i)   Income tax expense

                 The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profits arising in or derived from the jurisdictions in which
                 members of the Group are domiciled and operate.


                 Cayman Islands


                 Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands, the Company and Cayman Islands incorporated entities of the
                 Group is not subject to tax on income or capital gains.


                 Hong Kong


                 The Group’s subsidiaries in Hong Kong are subject to Hong Kong profits tax at the rate of 16.5%. Since these
                 companies did not have assessable profits during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, no Hong Kong
                 profits tax has been provided.




124         Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CONTINUED)
  (i)   Income tax expense (continued)


        United States of America


        Entities in the State of New York are subject to Federal Tax at a rate of 21% and State of New York Profits Tax at a
        rate of 6.5%. Operations in the United States of America have incurred net accumulated operating losses for income
        tax purposes and no income tax provisions are recorded during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.


        Singapore


        The Group’s subsidiary in Singapore is subject to Singapore profits tax at the rate of 17%. The Group had no
        taxable income during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.


        Mainland China


        Pursuant to the Corporate Income Tax Law of the PRC and the respective regulations (the “CIT Law”), the
        subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China are subject to CIT at a rate of 25% on the taxable income.


        The Group had no taxable income during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.


        The income tax on the Group’s loss before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using
        the enacted tax rate in the PRC applicable to the Group as follows:


                                                                                      Years ended 31 December
                                                                                              2021                   2020
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000


          Loss before income tax                                                        (1,008,719)            (5,658,165)
          Tax calculated at the applicable tax rate of 25%                                (252,180)            (1,414,541)
          Tax effect of:
          Difference in overseas tax rates                                                  27,925              1,326,453
          Tax losses not recognised as deferred tax assets                                 186,911                 74,379
          Utilization of temporary differences not recognised
            as deferred tax assets                                                               —                    (969)
          Super deduction in respect of research and development
            expenditures                                                                    (19,061)              (14,221)
          Expenses not deductible for income tax purposes                                   56,405                 28,899
          Income tax expense                                                                     —                      —


                                                                                                                               125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CONTINUED)
           (ii)   Tax losses


                  The tax losses incurred from the Company’s subsidiaries in Mainland China that are not recognised as deferred
                  tax assets will expire in 5 years from the respective filing dates and are analysed as follows:


                                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                                          2021               2020
                                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000


                    Expire year
                    2023                                                                                 1,628              1,628
                    2024                                                                                51,840             51,840
                    2025                                                                              117,069             117,069
                    2026                                                                              266,449             266,449
                    2027                                                                              629,726                  —


                                                                                                    1,066,712             436,986



      11. DIVIDEND
           No dividend has been paid or declared by the Company or companies comprising the Group during the years
           presented.




126         Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                  (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




12. LOSS PER SHARE
  Basic loss per share


  Basic loss per share is calculated by dividing the loss attributable to equity holders of the Company by the weighted
  average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020. In determining
  the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue the unvested restricted share units are excluded:


                                                                                         Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2021                   2020
                                                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000


    Loss for the year                                                                      (1,008,719)            (5,658,165)
    Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue                                  293,272,152             85,350,487


    Basic loss per share (in RMB)                                                               (3.44)                (66.29)


    Diluted loss per share (in RMB)                                                             (3.44)                (66.29)



  Diluted loss per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to assume
  conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company’s potential
  ordinary shares include share-based awards granted to employees and for the year ended 31 December 2020, the
  Company had two categories of potential ordinary shares: convertible redeemable preferred shares and share-based
  awards granted to employees (Notes 21 and 26). For the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, the potential ordinary
  shares were not included in the calculation of loss per share as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. Accordingly, diluted
  loss per share for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 are the same as basic loss per share.




                                                                                                                                  127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                Office    Furniture       Leasehold Construction
                                                          equipment and fixtures       improvements     in progress      Total
                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000 RMB’000

             At 1 January 2021
             Cost                                                 734          912            9,983          5,924      17,553
             Accumulated depreciation                            (265)        (775)          (5,102)             —      (6,142)

             Net book amount                                      469          137            4,881          5,924      11,411

             Year ended 31 December 2021
             Opening net book amount                              469          137            4,881          5,924      11,411
             Additions (Note (a))                                 851        1,103            1,997        103,301     107,252
             CIP transfer out                                   1,832          306            4,179          (6,317)        —
             Depreciation charge (Note 5)                        (916)        (432)          (4,861)             —      (6,209)
             Currency translation differences                        —           —             (119)             —        (119)

             Closing net book amount                            2,236        1,114            6,077        102,908     112,335

             At 31 December 2021
             Cost                                               3,417        2,304           15,913        102,908     124,542
             Accumulated depreciation                           (1,181)      (1,190)         (9,836)             —     (12,207)

             Net book amount                                    2,236        1,114            6,077        102,908     112,335

             At 1 January 2020
             Cost                                                 734          959            7,901              —       9,594
             Accumulated depreciation                              (20)        (511)          (1,338)            —      (1,869)

             Net book amount                                      714          448            6,563              —       7,725

             Year ended 31 December 2020
             Opening net book amount                              714          448            6,563              —       7,725
             Additions                                               —           —            2,675          5,924       8,599
             Depreciation charge (Note 5)                         (245)        (228)          (4,008)            —      (4,481)
             Currency translation differences                        —          (83)           (349)             —        (432)

             Closing net book amount                              469          137            4,881          5,924      11,411

             At 31 December 2020
             Cost                                                 734          912            9,983          5,924      17,553
             Accumulated depreciation                             (265)        (775)          (5,102)            —      (6,142)

             Net book amount                                      469          137            4,881          5,924      11,411


128         Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment has been charged to the consolidated statements of comprehensive
  income as follows:


                                                                                                                  Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                                         2021               2020
                                                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


     General and administrative expenses                                                                                1,514               1,538
     Research and development expenses                                                                                  2,856               2,660
     Distribution and selling expense                                                                                   1,839                283


                                                                                                                        6,209               4,481



  As of 31 December 2021, leasehold improvement includes decoration for the Group’s lease of office in Hong Kong
  and Singapore charged from CBC Group Investment Management, Ltd, a related party, at the amount of RMB4,262
  thousand (2020: RMB2,504 thousand).


  Note (a):   During the year ended 31 December 2021, interest of RMB27.5 million from borrowing from Jiashan Shanhe (Note 23) was capitalized in

              construction in progress (2020: nil), in connection with the construction of plant in Jiashan, China.




                                                                                                                                                    129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      14. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                                                    Leased            Leased          Land use
                                                                                                equipment         properties             right(a)             Total
                                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

                 At 1 January 2021
                 Cost                                                                                    183          101,137             35,397          136,717
                 Accumulated depreciation                                                                 (64)         (25,972)              (118)         (26,154)


                 Net book amount                                                                         119           75,165             35,279          110,563

                 Year ended 31 December 2021
                 Opening net book amount                                                                 119           75,165             35,279          110,563
                 Additions                                                                                 —           65,063                   —           65,063
                 Depreciation charge (Note 5)                                                             (37)         (24,512)              (708)         (25,257)
                 Currency translation differences                                                          —                (65)                —                (65)


                 Closing net book amount                                                                   82         115,651             34,571          150,304

                 At 31 December 2021
                 Cost                                                                                    183          165,748             35,397          201,328
                 Accumulated depreciation                                                               (101)          (50,097)              (826)         (51,024)


                 Net book amount                                                                           82         115,651             34,571          150,304

                 At 1 January 2020
                 Cost                                                                                    183           48,009                   —           48,192
                 Accumulated depreciation                                                                 (27)          (9,813)                 —            (9,840)


                 Net book amount                                                                         156           38,196                   —           38,352

                 Year ended 31 December 2020
                 Opening net book amount                                                                 156           38,196                   —           38,352
                 Additions                                                                                 —           53,381             35,397            88,778
                 Depreciation charge (Note 5)                                                             (37)         (15,759)              (118)         (15,914)
                 Currency translation differences                                                          —               (653)                —              (653)


                 Closing net book amount                                                                 119           75,165             35,279          110,563

                 At 31 December 2020
                 Cost                                                                                    183          101,137             35,397          136,717
                 Accumulated depreciation                                                                 (64)         (25,972)              (118)         (26,154)


                 Net book amount                                                                         119           75,165             35,279          110,563

           (a)      As of 31 December 2021, the land use right for Jiashan manufacturing facility has been pledged to Jiashan Shanhe for its borrowings provided to the
                    Group (Note 23).


130         Everest Medicines Limited                    Annual Report 2021
                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                           (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




14. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

   Depreciation of right-of-use assets has been charged to the consolidated statements of comprehensive income as
   follows:


                                                                               Years ended 31 December
                                                                                         2021                 2020
                                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000


     General and administrative expenses                                                 5,412               5,463
     Research and development expenses                                               11,293                  9,445
     Distribution and selling expenses                                                   7,844               1,006
     Construction in progress                                                             708                    —


                                                                                     25,257                 15,914


15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                           In-licenses
                                                                           and IPR&D        Software          Total
                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


     At 1 January 2021
     Cost                                                                   2,006,056               —     2,006,056
     Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                       —                —            —


     Net book amount                                                        2,006,056               —     2,006,056

     Year ended 31 December 2021
     Opening net book amount                                                2,006,056               —     2,006,056
     Additions                                                                511,281            6,204     517,485
     Amortisation charge                                                           —              (366)        (366)
     Currency translation differences                                         (51,877)              —       (51,877)


     Closing net book amount                                                2,465,460            5,838    2,471,298

     At 31 December 2021
     Cost                                                                   2,465,460            6,204    2,471,664
     Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                       —              (366)        (366)

     Net book amount                                                        2,465,460            5,838    2,471,298




                                                                                                                       131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

                                                                                       In-licenses
                                                                                       and IPR&D          Software       Total
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000    RMB’000


             At 1 January 2020
             Cost                                                                        1,663,449              —    1,663,449
             Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                             —              —           —


             Net book amount                                                             1,663,449              —    1,663,449


             Year ended 31 December 2020
             Opening net book amount                                                     1,663,449              —    1,663,449
             Additions                                                                     475,934              —     475,934
             Currency translation differences                                             (133,327)             —     (133,327)


             Closing net book amount                                                     2,006,056              —    2,006,056


             At 31 December 2020
             Cost                                                                        2,006,056              —    2,006,056
             Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                             —              —           —


             Net book amount                                                             2,006,056              —    2,006,056


           Intangible assets included licensed-in and IPR&D which are not ready for use the Group is continuing research and
           development work, therefore, these intangible assets have not been amortised yet.

           (a)	
               Collaboration and License Agreement with Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Arena”) and
               United Therapeutics

                 In December 2017, the Group entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Arena regarding the
                 development and commercialization of its proprietary products Ralinepag and Etrasimod in the territories of
                 Mainland China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau and South Korea. Under the terms of the agreement, the Group
                 made an upfront payment of USD12 million (equivalent to RMB78.4 million) to Arena and capitalized such
                 payment. In January 2019, the Group and Arena entered into two separate agreements which superseded the
                 previous agreement, one which relates to Ralinepag and she other relates to Etrasimod.

                 Etrasimod

                 The Group agreed to make development and regulatory milestone payments and commercial milestone
                 payments, as well as tiered royalties on net sales to Arena.

                 In the fourth quarter for 2018 and in November 2019, the Group made the milestone payment of USD1 million
                 (equivalent to RMB6.6 million) and USD5 million (equivalent to RMB34.5 million) to Arena, respectively. Such
                 payments were capitalised.

132         Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
   (a)	
       Collaboration and License Agreement with Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Arena”) and
       United Therapeutics (continued)

         Ralinepag


         In January 2019, Arena assigned all of its rights and obligations with respect to the Ralinepag program under the
         agreement to United Therapeutics. The Group agreed to make development and regulatory milestone payments
         and commercial milestone payments, as well as tiered royalties on net sales to United Therapeutics.


         In the fourth quarter of 2018, the Group made the milestone payment of USD1 million (equivalent to RMB 6.6 million)
         to Arena (before the agreement was assigned to United Therapeutics) and capitalized such payment. After
         assigning the agreement to United Therapeutics, the Group paid milestone payment of USD2.5 million (equivalent to
         RMB17.2 million) to United Therapeutics in September 2019, which was capitalized.


   (b)   License Agreement with Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

         Eravacycline


         In February 2018, the Group entered into a license agreement with Tetraphase, pursuant to which Tetraphase
         granted the Group an exclusive license to develop and commercialize Eravacycline in Mainland China, Taiwan,
         Hong Kong, Macau, South Korea and Singapore.


         Under the terms of the agreement, the Group made an upfront payment of USD 7 million (equivalent to
         RMB 46.4 million) to Tetraphase and capitalized such payment. The Group agreed to make development and
         regulatory milestone payments, commercial milestone payments, as well as tiered royalties on net sales to
         Tetraphase.


         In June 2018 and May 2019, the Group made the milestone payment of USD2.5 million (equivalent to
         RMB16.6 million) and USD3 million (equivalent to RMB20.7 million) to Tetraphase, respectively, and capitalized
         such payments.


         In July 2019, the Group and Tetraphase entered into an amendment to the license agreement to expand the
         geographic coverage of the license to Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines and paid an
         upfront payment of USD2 million (equivalent to RMB13.8 million) which was capitalised.


         In April 2021, the Group made the milestone payment of USD3 million (equivalent to RMB19.4 million) to
         Tetraphase and such payment was capitalised.


         In May 2021, the Group and Tetraphase entered into an amendment to the license agreement, pursuant to which
         Tetraphase granted the Group the license to manufacture Eravacycline in the relevant territory.

                                                                                                                               133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
           (c)   Licensing Agreement with Novartis International Pharmaceutical Ltd. (“Novartis”)

                 FGF401


                 In June 2018, the Group entered into an exclusive global licensing agreement with Novartis to develop and
                 commercialize FGF401. Under this agreement, Novartis granted EverNov an exclusive license to develop,
                 manufacture and commercialize Novartis’ FGF4 inhibitor FGF401 and products containing FGF401 for all
                 purposes worldwide.


                 Under the terms of the agreement, as discussed in Note 21, the total upfront fee was comprised of cash
                 consideration of USD20 million (equivalent to RMB132.7 million) and 4,000,000 Series A-2 Convertible Preferred
                 Shares issued by EverNov to Novartis Pharma AG, an affiliate entity of Novartis. The Group capitalised a total
                 amount of USD22.4 million (equivalent to RMB148.3 million) based on cash payment and the fair value of the
                 Series A-2 Convertible Preferred Shares. The Group also agreed to pay Novartis clinical development milestone
                 payments, commercial milestone payments, as well as tiered royalties on worldwide net sales to Novartis.


           (d)	Licenses acquired from Everest II

                 Upon the consummation of the Group’s acquisition of Everest II in 2019, the Group acquired four licenses held by
                 Everest II. The amount in relation to the acquisition of those licenses were recognized as intangible assets based
                 on its fair value upon consummation of the acquisition, with the total amount of RMB1,265,971 thousand.


                 Taniborbactam


                 In September 2018, Everest II entered into an agreement with Venatorx, pursuant to which Venatorx granted
                 Everest II an exclusive license to exploit for all uses in humans Venatorx’s proprietary BLI, taniborbactam (formerly
                 VNRX-5133), in combination with a ß-lactam, initially cefepime, in Mainland China, Macau, Hong Kong, Taiwan,
                 South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines.


                 Under the terms of this agreement, Everest II paid an upfront cash payment of USD5.0 million (equivalent to
                 RMB33.2 million) and capitalized such payment. Everest II also agreed to make development and regulatory
                 milestone payments, commercial milestone payments, as well as tiered royalties on net sales to Venatorx.


                 In January 2020, after the acquisition of Everest II, the Group made the milestone payment of USD2 million
                 (equivalent to RMB13.8 million) to Venatorx and such payment was capitalised.




134         Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                              (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
   (d)	Licenses acquired from Everest II (continued)

       Taniborbactam (continued)


       In June 2021, the Group entered into an amendment to the license agreement with Venartox, pursuant to which
       Venartox assigned relevant taniborbactarm patents to the Group. The Group paid USD3 million (equivalent to
       RMB19.4 million) in June 2021 and USD7 million (equivalent to RMB45.1 million) in August 2021 to Venatorx and
       such payment was capitalised.


       SPR206


       In January 2019, Everest II entered into a license agreement with Spero Therapeutics, Inc. (“Spero”) through
       its wholly owned subsidiaries New Pharma License Holdings Limited, or NPLH, and Spero Potentiator, Inc., or
       Potentiator and NPLH has since assigned its assets to Spero. Pursuant to this agreement, NPLH granted Everest
       II an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize SPR206 in Mainland China, Hong Kong,
       Macau, Taiwan, South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines.


       Everest II paid NPLH an upfront payment of USD2 million (equivalent to RMB13.8 million) as partial consideration
       for rights to SPR206 and capitalised such payment. Everest II also agreed to make development and regulatory
       milestone payments, commercial milestone payments, as well as tiered royalties on net sales to Spero.


       In November 2020, the Group made the milestone payment of USD2 million (equivalent to RMB13.8 million) to
       Spero and such payment was capitalised.


       In January 2021, the Group entered into an amended agreement with Spero for which Spero has assigned
       relevant SPR206 patents to the Group.


       In June and September 2021, the Group made the milestone payment of USD0.75 million (equivalent to
       RMB4.9 million) and USD0.5 million (equivalent to RMB3.2 million) to Spero, respectively and such payments were
       capitalised.


       IMMU 132 (Sacituzumab Govitecan-hziy)


       In April 2019, Everest II entered into a license agreement with Immunomedics under which Immunomedics
       granted Everest II an exclusive license to develop and commercialize sacituzumab govitecan in Mainland China,
       Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau, Indonesia, Philippines, Vietnam, Thailand, South Korea, Malaysia, Singapore or
       Mongolia.




                                                                                                                          135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
           (d)	Licenses acquired from Everest II (continued)

                 IMMU 132 (Sacituzumab Govitecan-hziy) (continued)


                 In consideration for entering into this agreement, Everest II made a one-time, upfront payment to Immunomedics
                 in the amount of USD65 million (equivalent to RMB448.2 million) and capitalised such payment. Everest II also
                 agreed to make development and regulatory milestone payments, commercial milestone payments, as well as
                 tiered royalties on net sales to Immunomedics.


                 In June 2020, after the acquisition of Everest II, the Group made a milestone payment of USD60 million (equivalent
                 to RMB420 million) to Immunomedics and such payment was capitalised.


                 Nefecon


                 On 10 June 2019, Everest II entered into a license agreement with Calliditas who granted Everest II exclusive
                 rights to develop and commercialize Nefecon in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and Singapore.


                 Under the terms of the agreement, Everest II made an initial upfront payment of USD15 million (equivalent to
                 RMB103.4 million) to Calliditas at signing of the agreement and capitalised such payment. Everest II also agreed
                 to make development and regulatory milestone payments, commercial milestone payments, as well as tiered
                 royalties on net sales to Calliditas.


                 After the acquisition of Everest II, the Group made the milestone payment of USD5 million (equivalent to
                 RMB34.5 million) in January 2020 and USD3 million (equivalent to RMB19.3 million) in December 2021 to
                 Calliditas and such payments were capitalised.


           (e)   License Agreement with Providence Therapeutics Holdings Inc. (“Providence”)


                 mRNA COVID-19 Vaccines


                 In September 2021, the Group entered into a license agreement with Providence, pursuant to which Providence
                 granted the Group exclusive rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize mRNA vaccines against
                 COVID-19, including PTX-COVID19-B in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and certain Asian countries.


                 Under the terms of the agreement, the Group made an initial upfront payment of USD50 million (equivalent to
                 RMB322.6 million) to Providence and capitalised such payment. The Group also agreed to make payments for
                 profit sharing, as well as royalties on net sales to Providence.




136         Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
   (f)	
       License Agreement with Sinovent Pharmaceuticals, Co., Ltd. (“Sinovent”) and SinoMab
       BioScience Limited. (“SinoMab”)


         XNW-1011


         In September 2021, the Group entered into a license agreement with Sinovent and SinoMab. Pursuant to
         which, Sinovent and SinoMab granted the Group an exclusive worldwide rights to develop, manufacture and
         commercialize XNW1011.


         Under the terms of the agreement, the Group made an initial upfront payment of USD12 million (equivalent to
         RMB77.4 million) to Sinovent and SinoMab and capitalised such payment. The Group also agreed to make
         development and regulatory milestone payments, commercial milestone payments, as well as tiered royalties on
         net sales to Sinovent and SinoMab.


   (g)   Impairment test


         Intangible assets not yet ready for use are tested annually based on the recoverable amount of the
         cash-generating unit (“CGU”) to which the intangible asset is related. The appropriate CGU is at the product level.
         The annual impairment test was performed for each drug by engaging an independent appraiser to estimate fair
         value less cost to sell as the recoverable amount of each drug. The fair value is based on the discounted cash flow
         model (specifically multi-period excessive earning method) and the Group estimated the forecast period till year
         2036 for each drug based on the timing of clinical development and regulatory approval, commercial ramp up
         to reach expected peak revenue potential, and the length of exclusivity for each product. The estimated revenue
         of each drug is based on management’s expectations of timing of commercialization. The costs and operating
         expenses are estimated as a percentage over the revenue forecast period based on the current margin levels of
         comparable companies with adjustments made to reflect the expected future price changes. The discount rates
         used are post-tax and reflect specific risks relating to the relevant products that would be considered by market
         participants.


         The key assumptions used for recoverable amount calculations as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 are as follows:


         Etrasimod


                                                                           As at 31 December          As at 31 December
                                                                                          2021                      2020

           Discount rate                                                                 15.5%                       16%
           Revenue growth rate                                                  -29% to 681%               -29% to 681%
           Recoverable amount of CGU (in RMB million)                                   1,450.2                   1,099.6

                                                                                                                               137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
           (g)   Impairment test (continued)

                 Ralinepag


                                                                  As at 31 December   As at 31 December
                                                                              2021                2020

                   Discount rate                                             15.5%                16%
                   Revenue growth rate                                -24% to 693%        -24% to 693%
                   Recoverable amount of CGU (in RMB million)                 432.6              444.2



                 Eravacycline


                                                                  As at 31 December   As at 31 December
                                                                              2021                2020

                   Discount rate                                             15.5%                16%
                   Revenue growth rate                              -21% to 2,474%      -21% to 2,474%
                   Recoverable amount of CGU (in RMB million)               1,600.7             1,179.1



                 FGF401


                                                                  As at 31 December   As at 31 December
                                                                              2021                2020

                   Discount rate                                             15.5%                16%
                   Revenue growth rate                              -38% to 1,539%      -38% to 1,539%
                   Recoverable amount of CGU (in RMB million)                 578.8              417.3



                 Taniborbactam


                                                                  As at 31 December   As at 31 December
                                                                              2021                2020

                   Discount rate                                             15.5%                16%
                   Revenue growth rate                                 0.5% to 96%          -1% to 96%
                   Recoverable amount of CGU (in RMB million)               1,121.2              772.8




138         Everest Medicines Limited        Annual Report 2021
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                       (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
   (g)   Impairment test (continued)

         SPR206


                                                                  As at 31 December       As at 31 December
                                                                                 2021                  2020

          Discount rate                                                        15.5%                    16%
          Revenue growth rate                                           -1% to 299%            -1% to 299%
          Recoverable amount of CGU (in RMB million)                            245.5                  239.6



         IMMU132

                                                                  As at 31 December       As at 31 December
                                                                                 2021                  2020

          Discount rate                                                        15.5%                    16%
          Revenue growth rate                                           -5% to 335%            -5% to 335%
          Recoverable amount of CGU (in RMB million)                          2,322.9                1,561.3


         Nefecon

                                                                  As at 31 December       As at 31 December
                                                                                 2021                  2020

          Discount rate                                                        15.5%                    16%
          Revenue growth rate                                            7% to 169%             7% to 169%
          Recoverable amount of CGU (in RMB million)                              974                  855.2


         mRNA COVID-19 Vaccines

                                                                  As at 31 December       As at 31 December
                                                                                 2021                  2020

          Discount rate                                                        15.5%                    N/A
          Revenue growth rate                                            0% to 40.2%                    N/A
          Recoverable amount of CGU (in RMB million)                          9,719.8                   N/A




                                                                                                                 139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
           (g)   Impairment test (continued)

                 XNW-1011

                                                                                   As at 31 December       As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2021                   2020

                   Discount rate                                                                15.5%                      N/A
                   Revenue growth rate                                                 1.8% to 228.2%                      N/A
                   Recoverable amount of CGU (in RMB million)                                      999                     N/A


                 Impairment test — sensitivity

                 The Company performed sensitivity test by increasing 1% of discount rate or decreasing 1% of revenue growth
                 rate, which are the key assumptions determine the recoverable amount of each intangible asset, with all other
                 variables held constant. The impacts on the amount by which the intangible asset’s recoverable amount above its
                 carrying amount (headroom) are as below:

                 Etrasimod


                                                                                   As at 31 December       As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2021                   2020
                                                                                      (in RMB million)         (in RMB million)

                   Headroom                                                                      1,363                   1,010
                   Impact by increasing discount rate                                              (160)                  (131)
                   Impact by decreasing revenue growth rate                                         (20)                   (90)



                 Ralinepag

                                                                                   As at 31 December       As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2021                   2020
                                                                                      (in RMB million)         (in RMB million)

                   Headroom                                                                        385                     395
                   Impact by increasing discount rate                                               (68)                   (60)
                   Impact by decreasing revenue growth rate                                         (10)                   (33)




140         Everest Medicines Limited        Annual Report 2021
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
   (g)   Impairment test (continued)

         Impairment test — sensitivity (continued)

         Eravacycline

                                                                 As at 31 December       As at 31 December
                                                                                2021                  2020
                                                                     (in RMB million)       (in RMB million)

           Headroom                                                            1,489                  1,085
           Impact by increasing discount rate                                   (136)                  (114)
           Impact by decreasing revenue growth rate                               (17)                 (104)

         FGF401

                                                                 As at 31 December       As at 31 December
                                                                                2021                  2020
                                                                     (in RMB million)       (in RMB million)

           Headroom                                                              436                    271
           Impact by increasing discount rate                                     (96)                  (76)
           Impact by decreasing revenue growth rate                               (17)                  (38)

         Taniborbactam

                                                                 As at 31 December       As at 31 December
                                                                                2021                  2020
                                                                     (in RMB million)       (in RMB million)

           Headroom                                                              712                    420
           Impact by increasing discount rate                                   (125)                  (100)
           Impact by decreasing revenue growth rate                               (22)                  (84)


         SPR206


                                                                 As at 31 December       As at 31 December
                                                                                2021                  2020
                                                                     (in RMB million)       (in RMB million)

           Headroom                                                              154                    154
           Impact by increasing discount rate                                     (62)                  (50)
           Impact by decreasing revenue growth rate                               (14)                  (33)



                                                                                                                141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
           (g)   Impairment test (continued)

                 Impairment test — sensitivity (continued)

                 IMMU132


                                                                  As at 31 December     As at 31 December
                                                                               2021                  2020
                                                                    (in RMB million)       (in RMB million)

                   Headroom                                                   1,586                    808
                   Impact by increasing discount rate                          (300)                  (232)
                   Impact by decreasing revenue growth rate                      (46)                 (294)


                 Nefecon


                                                                  As at 31 December     As at 31 December
                                                                               2021                  2020
                                                                    (in RMB million)       (in RMB million)

                   Headroom                                                     531                    422
                   Impact by increasing discount rate                          (129)                  (107)
                   Impact by decreasing revenue growth rate                      (25)                  (78)


                 mRNA COVID-19 Vaccines


                                                                  As at 31 December     As at 31 December
                                                                               2021                  2020
                                                                    (in RMB million)       (in RMB million)

                   Headroom                                                   9,401                    N/A
                   Impact by increasing discount rate                          (842)                   N/A
                   Impact by decreasing revenue growth rate                    (116)                   N/A


                 XNW-1011


                                                                  As at 31 December     As at 31 December
                                                                               2021                  2020
                                                                    (in RMB million)       (in RMB million)

                   Headroom                                                     923                    N/A
                   Impact by increasing discount rate                          (149)                   N/A
                   Impact by decreasing revenue growth rate                      (32)                  N/A

142         Everest Medicines Limited        Annual Report 2021
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
   (g)      Impairment test (continued)

            Impairment test — sensitivity (continued)

            Considering there was sufficient headroom based on the assessment, management believes that a reasonably
            possible change in any of the key assumptions on which management has based its determination of each
            intangible asset’s recoverable amount would not cause its carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.


            Based on the result of above assessment, there was no impairment for the intangible asset as at 31 December
            2021 and 2020.


16. INVESTMENTS

                                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                                                            2021                         2020
                                                                                                                      RMB’000                      RMB’000


         Investments in I-Mab — at FVOCI (a)                                                                            798,525                      813,072
         Investments in Venatorx — at FVTPL (b)                                                                          31,878                       32,625


                                                                                                                        830,403                      845,697


   (a)      Investments in I-Mab represents the Group’s investments in 6,078,571 ordinary shares issued by I-Mab upon I-Mab’s initial public offering on
            17 January 2020. The Group subsequently measures this investment at fair value and has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity
            investment in other comprehensive income.


            As at 31 December 2020, based on quoted market share price of I-Mab, the fair value of this investment was USD124.6 million (equivalent to
            RMB813.1 million), which is USD87.6 million (equivalent to RMB571.6 million) higher than the carrying value of USD33.7 million (equivalent to
            RMB241.5 million), and the difference of RMB571.6 million was recorded in other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2020.


            As at 31 December 2021, based on quoted market share price of I-Mab, the fair value of this investment was USD125.2 million (equivalent
            to RMB798.5 million), which is USD0.6 million (equivalent to RMB4.1 million) higher than the carrying value of USD124.6 million (equivalent to
            RMB794.4 million), and the difference of RMB4.1 million was recorded in other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2021.


   (b)      The Group acquired the investment in Venatorx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Venatorx”) through the acquisition of Everest II. Everest II invested in
            141,553 Series B convertible preferred stock (Series B Preferred Stock) issued by Venatorx in October 2018. The Series B Preferred Stock is a debt
            instrument from issuer’s perspective as Venatorx cannot prevent deemed liquidation event from happening. Thus, the investment in Venatorx is
            classified as investment at fair value through profit or loss.


            The investment in Venatorx is classified as Level 3 investment and the fair value of this investment is valued by reference to the recent, transaction
            price in April 2019, when Venatorx issued the same class of shares to a third party investor. During the year ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, the
            Group assessed whether fair value has changed, considering changes in circumstances such as: the current performance of Venatorx is significantly
            above or below the expectations at the time of the original investment; market, economic or company specific conditions have significantly improved
            or deteriorated since the time of the original investment. The result of such consideration provided indications whether the carrying value of the
            investment should be increased or decreased to represent fair value.

                                                                                                                                                                     143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      16. INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED)

                    Based on the Group’s assessment, there were no changes to the fair value of the investment in Venatorx, at the amount of USD5 million, as of
                    31 December 2021 and 2020. The difference of carrying value is due to the foreign currency translation difference of RMB against USD at the date of
                    each balance sheet.



      17. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

                                                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                 2021                         2020
                                                                                                                           RMB’000                       RMB’000


                 Prepayment for purchase of intangible assets (Note (a))                                                     344,288                              —
                 Prepayment for purchase of equipments                                                                         25,727                             —
                 Deposit                                                                                                       15,059                        4,873
                 Prepayments to suppliers                                                                                        3,586                            —
                 Loan to a director (Note 9(e))                                                                                  2,111                       2,172
                 Others                                                                                                          2,784                            —


                                                                                                                             393,555                         7,045


           (a)      In May 2021, the Group entered into a commercial supply agreement with Tetraphase, pursuant to which Tetraphase agreed to transfer the
                    manufacturing know-how for the purpose of enabling the continued manufacture of Eravacycline, and the Group made the prepayment of
                    USD4 million (equivalent to RMB25.8 million) to Tetraphase.


                    In September 2021, the Group entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Providence, pursuant to which Providence agreed to transfer
                    the platform technology mainly related to the manufacture of mRNA vaccine products, and the Group made the prepayment of USD50 million
                    (equivalent to RMB322.6 million).



                    As of 31 December 2021, the transfer of above manufacture know-how and platform technology are not completed yet.




144         Everest Medicines Limited                    Annual Report 2021
                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                             (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




18. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

                                                                                      Financial assets
                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2021                     2020
                                                                                    RMB’000                  RMB’000

   Assets as per statements of financial position
   Amortised cost:
   Prepayments and other current assets, excluding non-financial assets                 1,454                   1,885
   Trade receivables                                                                       49                       —
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                       2,640,053                 4,481,122

   Fair value through profit and loss:
   Investments in Venatorx                                                            31,878                   32,625

   Fair value through other comprehensive income:
   Investments in I-Mab                                                              798,525                  813,072


                                                                                   3,471,959                 5,328,704


                                                                                     Financial liabilities
                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2021                     2020
                                                                                    RMB’000                  RMB’000

   Liabilities as per statements of financial position
   Amortised cost:
   Trade and other payables                                                          241,433                  167,459
   Lease liabilities                                                                 124,102                   77,893
   Amounts due to related parties                                                        582                      440
   Other non-current liabilities                                                     360,932                  369,438

   Fair value through profit and loss:
   Financial instruments issued to investors                                          26,778                   20,880


                                                                                     753,827                  636,110




                                                                                                                         145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      19. PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS

                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                     2021                  2020
                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000


             Prepayments to suppliers                                                              26,355                 1,389
             Value-added tax recoverable                                                           19,520                10,905
             Deposits                                                                               1,454                 2,084
             Others                                                                                    50                   909


                                                                                                   47,379                15,287



           None of the above assets is past due or impaired. The financial assets included in the above balances related to
           deposits for which there was no history of default and the expected credit losses are considered minimal.


      20. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                     2021                  2020
                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000


             Cash at bank                                                                       2,640,053              4,481,122
               Cash and bank balances denominated in:
               — RMB                                                                            1,809,815               112,960
               — USD                                                                              806,365              1,092,264
               — HKD                                                                               22,936              3,275,783
               — KRW                                                                                  883                     —
               — SGD                                                                                   54                   115


                                                                                                2,640,053              4,481,122



           As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, cash and cash equivalents of the Group are mainly denominated in RMB and USD
           (2020: RMB and USD).




146         Everest Medicines Limited        Annual Report 2021
                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                   (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




21. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ISSUED TO INVESTORS

                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2021                 2020
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000


    Non-current
    Preferred Shares issued by the Company (Note (a))                                               —                   —
    Preferred Shares issued by EverNov (Note (b))                                              26,778               20,880


    Total                                                                                      26,778               20,880



  (a)   Preferred Shares and warrant issued by the Company


        Issuance of Preferred Shares


        Prior to 1 January 2019, the Company issued Series A-1, A-2, B-1 and B-2 Convertible Redeemable Preferred
        Shares to C-Bridge Investment Everest Limited (“C-Bridge”) and other investors.


        Series B-3 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Shares


        On 25 November 2019, pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger dated as of 16 August 2019, the Company
        agreed to issue 38,362,045 Series B-3 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Shares to C-Bridge IV Investment Two
        Limited, the original shareholders of Everest II, as the consideration of the acquisition of Everest II.


        Financing from Jiashan Shanhe and issuance of Series C-1 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Shares


        On 17 March 2020, the Company entered into an investment agreement and a supplemental agreement with
        Jiashan Shanhe pursuant to which Jiashan Shanhe subscribed 37% of equity interest in Everest Medicines (China)
        Co., Ltd. (“Everest China”), a subsidiary established under the Company’s wholly owned subsidiary Everest
        Medicines II (HK) Limited (“Everest II HK”), by making cash contribution in RMB equivalent to USD50 million. Refer
        to Note 23. In connection with the investment in Everest China, the Company issued a warrant to Jiashan Shanhe
        which entitles Jiashan Shanhe, at its sole discretion, the right to purchase 11,111,111 Series C-1 preferred
        shares issued by the Company at the purchase price of USD4.5 per share for an aggregate purchase price of
        USD50 million. The precondition for Jiashan Shanhe to exercise this warrant is to obtain the necessary approval
        for its outbound direct investment from relevant PRC authority.




                                                                                                                             147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      21. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ISSUED TO INVESTORS (CONTINUED)

           (a)   Preferred Shares and warrant issued by the Company (continued)


                 Issuance of Preferred Shares (continued)


                 Financing from Jiashan Shanhe and issuance of Series C-1 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Shares
                 (continued)


                 The warrant was exercised by Jiashan Shanhe in May 2020 and the Company issued 13,888,889 Series C-1
                 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Shares to Jiashan Shanhe for USD50 million (equivalent to RMB360.9 million)
                 consideration, at adjusted conversion price of USD3.6 per share in accordance with lower issuance price of
                 subsequently issued series C-2 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Shares.


                 Issuance of Series C-2 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Shares


                 Further on 29 May 2020, pursuant to a share purchase agreement, the Company agreed to issue 72,222,223
                 Series C-2 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Shares to several investors at the purchase price of USD3.6 per
                 share for an aggregate purchase price of USD260 million (equivalent to RMB1,854 million). Among it, C-Bridge
                 IV Investment Nine Limited subscribed 15,277,778 Series C-2 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Shares, which
                 was converted from the outstanding convertible notes issued by the Company with the aggregate amount of
                 USD55 million (equivalent to RMB392 million). Series C-2 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Shares were issued
                 to these investors on 3 June 2020. Simultaneously, to facilitate the Company’s financing, C-Bridge cancelled
                 Series A-2 Warrants which were previously issued by the Company in 2018 as part of Series A-1 Convertible
                 Redeemable Preferred Shares financing to C-Bridge. The cancelled warrant was considered as shareholder’s
                 contribution and was charged to reserves at the fair value right before the cancellation.


                 Significant terms of Preferred Shares


                 Series A-1 and A-2 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Shares are collectively referred to as “Series A Preferred
                 Shares”, Series B-1, B-2 and B-3 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Shares are collectively referred to as
                 “Series B Preferred Shares” , and Series C-1 and C-2 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Shares are collectively
                 referred to as “ Series C Preferred Shares”. The significant terms of Series A-1, A-2, B-1, B-2, B-3, C-1 and C-2
                 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Shares (collectively referred to as “Preferred Shares”) are summarized below:


                 Dividends


                 The holders of Preferred Shares shall be entitled to receive non-cumulative dividends at the rate of 8% per annum
                 when declared by the Company’s board of directors.




148         Everest Medicines Limited         Annual Report 2021
                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




21. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ISSUED TO INVESTORS (CONTINUED)

  (a)   Preferred Shares and warrant issued by the Company (continued)


        Significant terms of Preferred Shares (continued)


        Redemption


        At any time and from time to time on the fifth (5th) anniversary of 8 June 2018, if by then the Company fails to
        complete a Qualified Public Offering, each holder of the Preferred Shares may require that the Company redeem
        all or any part of the then outstanding Preferred Shares held by each holder. The redemption price shall be equal
        to the greater of (i) 100% of the applicable issuance price plus a 12% rate of return or (ii) 100% of the applicable
        issuance price plus any declared but unpaid dividends thereon up until the redemption. No other securities of
        the Company shall be redeemed unless and until the Company shall have redeemed all of the Series B Preferred
        Shares requested to be redeemed. After payment of the applicable redemption price in full on all Series B
        Preferred Shares to be redeemed, the Company shall redeem all of the Series A Preferred Shares requested to be
        redeemed.


        If the Company fails to redeem any Preferred Shares on due date, the holder of such Preferred Shares shall be
        entitled to request the Company to pay the unpaid portion of the redemption price (A) by a six- months note,
        bearing an interest of 12% per annum or (B) by the other terms and mechanisms agreed by the Company and
        such holder of the Preferred Shares.


        Liquidation preference


        The holders of Series C Preferred Shares shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution
        of any of the assets or surplus funds of the Company to the holders of Series B and A Preferred Shares, the
        holders of Ordinary Shares or any other class or series of shares by reason of their ownership of such shares,
        the amount equal to 100% of the investment amount of the Series C Preferred Shares, plus any declared or
        accrued but unpaid dividends on its Series C Preferred Shares (as adjusted for any share splits, share dividends,
        combinations, recapitalizations and similar transactions).


        After setting aside or paying in full amount due for the holders of Series C Preferred Shares, the remaining assets
        of the Company available for distribution, if any, shall be distributed to the holders of Series B and A Preferred
        Shares, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the Company to the
        holders of Ordinary Shares or any other junior class or series of shares by reason of their ownership of such
        shares, the amount equal to 100% of the investment amount of the Series B and A Preferred Shares, plus any
        declared or accrued but unpaid dividends on its Series B and A Preferred Shares (as adjusted for any share splits,
        share dividends, combinations, recapitalizations and similar transactions).



                                                                                                                               149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      21. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ISSUED TO INVESTORS (CONTINUED)

           (a)   Preferred Shares and warrant issued by the Company (continued)


                 Significant terms of Preferred Shares (continued)


                 Liquidation preference (continued)


                 If upon the occurrence of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the assets and funds thus
                 distributed among the holders of each Series of Preferred Shares shall be insufficient to permit the payment to
                 such holders of the full Preferred Shares Preference Amount, then the entire assets and funds of the Company
                 legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of each Series of Preferred Shares in
                 proportion to the Preferred Shares Preference Amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.


                 Deemed Liquidation Events shall be treated as a liquidation event. “Deemed Liquidation Events” includes any
                 transaction (treating any series of related transactions as a “transaction”) involving (a) any sale, disposition, lease
                 or conveyance by the Company of all or substantially all of its assets (including the sale or exclusive licensing
                 of all or substantially all the intellectual property assets of the Company); (b) any merger or consolidation of the
                 Company with or into any other corporation or corporations or other entity or entities or any other corporate
                 reorganization after which the holders of the Company’s voting Shares prior to such transaction own or control
                 less than a majority of the outstanding voting shares of the surviving corporation or other entity on account of
                 shares held by them prior to the transaction; or (c) a sale of a majority of the outstanding voting shares of the
                 Company.


                 Voting rights


                 Each Preferred Share shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of Ordinary Shares into which
                 such Preferred Shares could be converted.


                 Conversion


                 The Preferred Shares are convertible, at the option of the holders, into the Company’s Ordinary Shares at an initial
                 conversion ratio of 1:1 at any time after the original issuance date subject to adjustment for dilution, included but
                 not limited to stock splits, stock dividends and recapitalization.


                 In addition, each Preferred Share shall automatically be converted into Ordinary Shares at the then respective
                 effective conversion price upon the closing of a Qualified Public Offering or upon the written consent of holders of
                 at least two-thirds (2/3) of the outstanding Preferred Shares.




150         Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                   (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




21. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ISSUED TO INVESTORS (CONTINUED)

  (a)   Preferred Shares and warrant issued by the Company (continued)


        Significant terms of Preferred Shares (continued)


        Conversion (continued)


        Upon the Listing on 9 October 2020, all the Preferred Shares were automatically converted to the Company’s
        Ordinary Shares.


        Measurement and subsequent accounting for Preferred Shares


        The aforementioned series of Preferred Shares are classified as liabilities as the Company doesn’t have the
        unconditional right to avoid delivery cash or another financial asset. In addition, the Preferred Shares are
        designated at fair value through profit or loss and initially recognised at fair value.


        If the Company’s own credit risk results in fair value changes in financial labilities designated as at fair value
        through profit or loss, they are recognized in other comprehensive income in the circumstances other than
        avoiding accounting mismatch or recognizing in profit or loss for loan commitments or financial guarantee
        contracts. During the years ended 31 December 2020, the fair value change due to the company’s own credit risk
        was immaterial.




                                                                                                                             151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      21. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ISSUED TO INVESTORS (CONTINUED)

           (a)   Preferred Shares and warrant issued by the Company (continued)


                 Measurement and subsequent accounting for Preferred Shares (continued)


                 The Company’s Preferred Shares activities during the years ended 31 December 2020 are summarized below:


                                             Series A-1    Series A-2    Series B-1    Series B-2    Series B-3    Series C-1    Series C-2
                                            Convertible    Convertible   Convertible   Convertible   Convertible   Convertible   Convertible
                                            Redeemable Redeemable Redeemable Redeemable Redeemable Redeemable Redeemable
                                              Preferred      Preferred     Preferred     Preferred     Preferred     Preferred     Preferred
                                                Shares         Shares        Shares        Shares        Shares        Shares        Shares       Total
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000


                   Balance as of
                     1 January 2020            931,325         75,808       428,455        44,933       966,112            —             — 2,446,633
                   Issuance                          —             —             —             —             —        353,940     1,854,216 2,208,156
                   Fair value change         1,526,702         88,215       324,229        40,556       922,619       334,990     1,740,771 4,978,082
                   Currency translation
                     differences                (52,366)       (3,646)      (17,621)       (1,959)      (43,010)      (20,691)     (120,143) (259,436)
                   Conversion to ordinary
                     shares                  (2,405,661)     (160,377)     (735,063)      (83,530)   (1,845,721)     (668,239)   (3,474,844) (9,373,435)

                   Balance as of
                     31 December 2020                —             —             —             —             —             —             —           —



                 Warrants


                 The Series A-2 Warrants issued as part of Series A-1 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Shares financing
                 to C-Bridge were classified as derivative liabilities as the underlying Preferred Shares are puttable financial
                 instruments which contingently redeemable at the option of the holder and Series A-2 Warrants conditionally
                 obligates the Company to ultimately transfer assets. The Warrants were recorded at fair value with changes in fair
                 value recorded in profit or loss.


                 In June 2020, to facilitate the Company’s financing, C-Bridge cancelled the Series A-2 Warrants which was
                 considered as shareholder’s contribution and was charged to reserves at the fair value right before the
                 cancellation.


                 The Company recognized a gain of RMB45 million from the change in fair value of the warrant liability for the years
                 ended 31 December 2020, respectively.

152         Everest Medicines Limited               Annual Report 2021
                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                    (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




21. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ISSUED TO INVESTORS (CONTINUED)

  (a)   Preferred Shares and warrant issued by the Company (continued)


        Warrants (continued)


        The Company’s warrant liabilities activities during the years ended 31 December 2020 are summarized below:

                                                                                                       Warrant liabilities
                                                                                                                RMB’000


          At 1 January 2020                                                                                       116,270
          Change in fair value                                                                                    (45,065)
          Cancellation                                                                                            (71,806)
          Currency translation differences                                                                            601

          At 31 December 2020                                                                                           —


  (b)   Preferred Shares issued by EverNov


        On 20 June 2018, the Company’s subsidiary EverNov entered into a license agreement with Novartis International
        Pharmaceutical Ltd. (“Novartis”) and obtained the right to research, develop and commercialize one compound
        FGF401. The total upfront fee paid for the license included cash consideration of USD20 million (equivalent to
        RMB133 million) and 4,000,000 Series A-2 Convertible Preferred Shares issued by EverNov (See Note 15(c) for
        details). On the same date, EverNov issued 21,000,000 Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Shares to the Company,
        at the purchase price of USD1.00 per share for an aggregate purchase price of USD21 million (equivalent to
        RMB139 million) in cash.


        Pursuant to the Memorandum of Articles of Association of EverNov, Novartis has the option to request EverNov to
        redeem its equity interests at USD4 million (equivalent to RMB27 million) upon certain deemed liquidation events.
        Therefore, the Company designated the Series A-2 Convertible Preferred Shares as financial liabilities at fair value
        through profit or loss. They are initially recognised at fair value.




                                                                                                                               153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      21. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ISSUED TO INVESTORS (CONTINUED)

           (b)   Preferred Shares issued by EverNov (continued)


                 With the assistance of an independent valuer, the fair value of the preferred shares are estimated by using
                 discounted cash flow method first to determine the total equity value of EverNov, and then option pricing model
                 was adopted to allocate the equity value to the Preferred share. The key assumptions are summarized as follows:


                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2021                 2020


                   Discount rate                                                                  16.5%                 16.5%
                   Discount of lack of marketability                                                27%                   27%
                   Risk-free interest rate                                                         1.0%                  1.5%
                   Expected volatility                                                            81.0%                   85%



                 EverNov’s preferred share activities during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 are summarized below:


                                                                                                              EverNov Series
                                                                                                              A-2 Convertible
                                                                                                            Preferred Shares
                                                                                                                    RMB’000


                   Balance as of January 1, 2021                                                                       20,880
                   Fair value change                                                                                    6,452
                   Currency translation differences                                                                       (554)


                   Balance as of December 31, 2021                                                                     26,778


                   Balance as of January 1, 2020                                                                       17,300
                   Fair value change                                                                                    4,966
                   Currency translation differences                                                                     (1,386)


                   Balance as of December 31, 2020                                                                     20,880




154         Everest Medicines Limited         Annual Report 2021
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                    (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




22. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2021               2020
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000


     Minimum lease payments due
     — Within 1 year                                                                             29,021             19,523
     — Between 1 and 2 years                                                                     30,356             19,202
     — Between 2 and 5 years                                                                     72,184             47,152
     — Over 5 years                                                                               7,282              1,504


                                                                                                138,843             87,381


     Less: future finance charges                                                               (14,741)             (9,548)
     Present value of lease liabilities                                                         124,102             77,893
     Portion classified as current liabilities                                                   28,251             19,015
     Portion classified as non-current liabilities                                               95,581             58,878


     Present value of lease liabilities due
     — Within 1 year                                                                             28,251             19,015
     — Between 1 and 2 years                                                                     28,182             17,659
     — Between 2 and 5 years                                                                     62,073             40,514
     — Over 5 years                                                                               5,596                705


                                                                                                124,102             77,893



   The following table sets forth the discount rate of our lease liabilities as the dates indicated:


                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2021               2020
                                                                                                       %                 %


     Lease liabilities                                                                   0.2%–13.71%         0.2%–13.71%



   The Group leases various properties for operation and these liabilities were measured at net present value of the lease
   payments during the lease terms that are not yet paid.




                                                                                                                               155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      22. LEASE LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

           The statement of profit or loss shows the following amounts relating to leases:


                                                                                             Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2021                 2020
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000


             Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets-Leased properties                        (25,257)            (15,914)
             Interest expense (included in finance costs)                                         (4,805)              (2,870)
             Expense relating to short-term leases (included in general and
               administrative expenses)                                                           (4,165)              (2,566)



           The total cash outflow for leases for the year ended 31 December 2021 were RMB23,658 thousand (For the year ended
           31 December 2020 : RMB19,463 thousand), respectively.


           Information about right-of-use assets is set out in Note 14.


           As of 31 December 2020, lease liabilities include the Group’s lease of office in Hong Kong and Singapore from CBC
           Group Investment Management, Ltd, a related party, at the amount of RMB2,835 thousand. The lease terms are
           21 months and 36 months with monthly rental payment of USD40 thousand and USD19 thousand, respectively.


           As of 31 December 2021, the contract of Group’s lease of office in Hong Kong and Singapore from CBC Group
           Investment Management, Ltd, has been expired.


           As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group leases some office and equipment under irrevocable lease contracts
           with lease term less than one year and leases of low value assets that have been exempted from recognition of
           right-of-use assets as permitted under IFRS16. The future aggregate minimum lease payment under irrevocable lease
           contracts for these exempted contracts are as follows:


                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2021                 2020
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000


             No later than 1 year                                                                   825                  202




156         Everest Medicines Limited         Annual Report 2021
                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




23. OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                              2021                   2020
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000


    Borrowings from Jiashan Shanhe                                                         360,932                369,438



  As disclosed in Note 21(a), on 17 March 2020, the Company entered into an investment agreement and a supplemental
  agreement with Jiashan Shanhe, pursuant to which Jiashan Shanhe subscribed 37% of equity interest in Everest
  Medicines (China) Co., Ltd. (“Everest China”), a subsidiary established under the Company’s wholly owned subsidiary
  Everest Medicines II (HK) Limited (“Everest II HK”), by making cash contribution in RMB equivalent to USD50 million. In
  addition, the Company transferred all its equity interests in Everest Medicines (Suzhou) Inc., EverID Medicines (Beijing)
  Limited and Everstart Medicines (Shanghai) Limited to Everest China.


  According to the supplemental agreement, right starting in the fourth year of the date of the investment agreement,
  Jiashan Shanhe has the right to require that the Company or Everest China to redeem all of its investment in Everest
  China with the redemption price of original investment amount plus a 8% simple rate of return per annum. At the same
  time, the Company also has a call option to repurchase Jiashan Shanhe’s investment in Everest China at any time
  and from time to time on the third (3rd) anniversary of Jiashan Shanhe’s investment in Everest China at the investment
  amount plus 8% simple interest rate per annum. Furthermore, Jiashan Shanhe was not entitled to the right to appoint
  board of directors, voting right in a shareholders’ meeting and dividend right but only retained the information right and
  right to appoint an observer to attend board meetings. Therefore the Company classified the investment from Jiashan
  as borrowings in non-current liabilities, which are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
  rate method.




                                                                                                                               157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      24. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                 2021                        2020
                                                                                                                           RMB’000                      RMB’000


                 Trade payables (a)                                                                                           53,669                       40,725
                 Accrued service fees to CROs                                                                                 50,713                       37,823
                 Payables for service suppliers (a)                                                                           31,989                       34,376
                 Salary and staff welfare payables                                                                            82,498                       49,357
                 Payables for property, plant and equipment                                                                   15,307                             —
                 Payables for individual income tax                                                                             4,977                       3,674
                 Others                                                                                                         2,280                       1,504


                                                                                                                             241,433                     167,459



           As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, all trade and other payables of the Group were non-interest bearing, and their fair
           value approximated their carrying amounts due to their short maturities.


           (a)       As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the ageing analysis of trade payables and payables for service suppliers based on invoice date are as follows:



                                                                                                                               As at 31 December

                                                                                                                                  2021                         2020

                                                                                                                              RMB’000                     RMB’000


                       — Within 1 year                                                                                          85,658                       75,101




158         Everest Medicines Limited                     Annual Report 2021
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




25. SHARE CAPITAL

   Share capital of the Company

                                                                                                                   Number of           Nominal value of
                                                                                                                       shares              shares in USD

         Authorized
         Authorized shares as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 (a)                                                   500,000,000                         50,000



                                                                                     Number of            Nominal value of             Nominal value of
                                                                                          shares                       shares                        shares
                                                                                                                       in USD                       in RMB

         Issued
         As at 1 January 2021                                                      293,222,389                          29,323                      198,849
         Issuance of ordinary shares to Share Scheme Trusts (b)                      3,718,399                             372                        2,399
         Exercise of stock option                                                    1,581,647                             158                        1,021

         As at 31 December 2021                                                    298,522,435                          29,853                      202,269

         As at 1 January 2020                                                       25,025,762                           2,503                       17,121
         Issuance of ordinary shares (c)                                           267,899,379                          26,790                      181,527
         Exercise of stock option                                                      297,248                              30                          201

         As at 31 December 2020                                                    293,222,389                          29,323                      198,849



   (a)      The authorized share capital of USD50,000 is divided into 500,000,000 ordinary shares of a par value of USD0.0001 each.



   (b)      The Company issued ordinary shares with respect to the restricted share units and stock options under the employees share-based compensation

            arrangements to be vested or exercised by certain grantees of the Company to trusts, which were established to hold the shares for and on behalf of

            the grantees (“Share Scheme Trusts”).



            The Company has the power to direct the relevant activities of the Share Scheme Trusts and it has the ability to use its power over the Share Scheme

            Trusts to affect its exposure to returns. Therefore, the Company has consolidated the Share Scheme Trusts. Before the release of shares to grantees

            upon the vesting and exercise of their awards, the ordinary shares held by Share Scheme Trusts were regarded as treasury shares and presented as

            a deduction in equity (Note 27(a)).



   (c)      On 9 October, 2020, the Company issued 267,899,379 Ordinary Shares upon the Listing. The Ordinary shares issued consist of:

            (i) 194,820,379 shares from the conversion of all outstanding Preferred Shares, (ii) 63,547,000 shares from the initial public offering, and

            (iii) 9,532,000 Shares from Over-allotment Option. Total proceeds from the initial public offering were HKD4,019.3 million (equivalent to

            RMB3,508.9 million), net of capitalized issue cost of HKD129.5 million (equivalent to RMB123.7 million).




                                                                                                                                                                   159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      26. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION

           (i)   Restricted ordinary shares

                 (a)   Restricted shares to management


                       On 23 November 2017, the Company’s board of directors approved the issuance of 3,365,855 Ordinary
                       Shares that are restricted shares to certain management personnel (“Management Shareholders”).
                       Restricted Shares Agreements were signed with these Management Shareholders in consideration of their
                       continuous service for the Company.


                       The   restricted   shares   issued   in   2017   shall   be   released   in   accordance   with   the   following
                       schedule: (A) one-third (1/3) of such restricted shares shall be released on the first anniversary of the
                       commencement date of the service of the Management Shareholder for the Company; (B) the remainder of
                       such restricted shares shall be released in twenty-four (24) equal monthly instalments commencing on the
                       first anniversary of the commencement date.


                       In March 2020, all the Management Shareholders’ restricted shares were either vested, forfeited or
                       cancelled and the vested shares were exchanged with shares of Everest Management Holding Co., Ltd.
                       (“Manco”), a shareholder of the Company.


                 (b)   Restricted share units to employees


                       The restricted share units issued in 2020 and 2021 shall be released in accordance with the following
                       schedule: (A) one-forth (1/4) of such restricted share units shall be released on the first anniversary of the
                       commencement date of the service of the employee for the Company; (B) the remainder of such restricted
                       share units shall be released in thirty-six (36) equal monthly instalments commencing on the first anniversary
                       of the commencement date.




160         Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




26. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (CONTINUED)

  (i)   Restricted ordinary shares (continued)

        (b)   Restricted share units to employees (continued)


              The following table summarizes the Group’s restricted shares activities:


                                                                                                   Weighted average
                                                                  Numbers of shares              grant date fair value
                                                                                                                 USD

                Non-vested shares at 1 January 2021                          3,328,000                            2.99
                Granted                                                      5,446,570                            8.86
                Forfeited                                                     (163,641)                           5.05
                Vested                                                      (1,247,379)                           4.03


                Non-vested shares at 31 December 2021                       7,363,550                             7.11

                Non-vested shares at 1 January 2020                           577,530                             0.21
                Granted                                                     3,360,000                             2.99
                Canceled                                                       (24,830)                           0.21
                Forfeited                                                    (584,700)                            0.36

                Non-vested shares at 31 December 2020                       3,328,000                             2.99


              Share-based compensation expenses for the restricted share units granted in 2021 were measured using
              the fair value of the Company’s ordinary shares at the grant date and were recognised in the consolidated
              statements of comprehensive loss by using graded vesting method over the vesting term.


              The share-based compensation expenses for the restricted share units recognized for the year
              ended 31 December 2021 were RMB146,034 thousand (For the year ended 31 December 2020:
              RMB16,435 thousand).


              As of 31 December 2021, there was RMB165,304 thousand (As of 31 December 2020: RMB60,208 thousand)
              of unrecognized shared-based compensation expenses related to restricted share units, which is expected to
              be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.96 years (As of 31 December 2020: 1.89 years).




                                                                                                                           161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      26. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (CONTINUED)

           (ii)   Stock option


                  On 23 November 2017, the board of directors adopted a Stock Option Plan for Management Shareholders for
                  issuance of stock options to Management Shareholders (“Stock Option Plan for Management Shareholders”).
                  Such Plan has a contractual term of ten (10) years from the adoption date, and grants under the Plan vest over
                  a period of three years of continuous service, with one-third (1/3) vesting upon the first anniversary of the stated
                  vesting commencement date and the remaining vesting ratably over the following 24 months.


                  On 25 December 2018, the board of directors adopted a Stock Option Plan for Employees for issuance of stock
                  options to employee, officer, director, contractor, advisor or consultant of the Group with the maximum aggregate
                  number of 8,080,489 shares subjected. Such plan was amended on 17 February 2020, with restricted ordinary
                  shares also included. (“Stock Option Plan for Employees”)


                  On 17 February 2020, the Company’s board of directors approved the modification of exercise price of stock
                  options granted to certain employees. The incremental compensation cost assessed at the date of modification is
                  insignificant and continued to be recognized over the remaining vesting period.


                  On 21 September 2020, the Company’s shareholders approved the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, which
                  was effective upon completion of the Listing. The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise
                  of all options to be granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme of
                  the Company is 28,369,038, being no more than 10% of the shares in issue on the date the shares commence
                  trading on the Stock Exchange (assuming the Over-allotment Option is not exercised and no shares are issued
                  under the share schemes.


                  According to the Stock Option Plan for Employees, a contractual term of ten (10) years from adoption date, and
                  grants under the Plan vest over a period of four years of continuous service, with one-fourth (1/4) vesting upon the
                  first anniversary of the stated vesting commencement date and the remaining vesting ratably over the following
                  12 quarters.


                  In February and July 2020, as approved by the Company’s board of directors, a total of 17,100,788 stock options
                  were granted with vesting conditions of service and performance. The non-market performance condition requires
                  that certain shares will immediately vest upon an IPO in accordance with the Plans and will become restricted to
                  a three-year lock-up period post the IPO. The market condition requires that certain shares to become vested
                  upon achievement of each milestone when the average volume based closing trading price of the Company during
                  any of 90 consecutive trading days after the IPO and the listing is higher than pre-determined share prices. As
                  of 31 December 2021, certain milestones of the market condition have been reached and the related expense is
                  trued up in the year of 2021.



162         Everest Medicines Limited             Annual Report 2021
                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




26. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (CONTINUED)

  (ii)   Stock option (continued)


         The following table summarizes the Group’s stock option activities:


                                                                                             Weighted
                                                                               Weighted       Average
                                                            Number of           Average     Remaining        Aggregate
                                                               Options         Exercise   Contractual          Intrinsic
                                                          Outstanding             Price            Life          Value
                                                                                   USD                        RMB’000

           Outstanding at 1 January 2021                    21,381,170             1.03         8.87         1,078,491
           Granted                                           3,950,339             9.22
           Forfeited                                          (433,766)            1.93
           Exercised                                        (1,581,647)            0.57

           Outstanding at 31 December 2021                  23,316,096             2.44         8.54           259,469

           Outstanding at 1 January 2020                      7,622,177            0.22         8.28           111,122
           Granted                                          17,100,788             1.27
           Forfeited                                           (798,645)           0.78
           Exercised                                           (297,248)           0.66
           Cancelled                                         (2,245,902)           0.18

           Outstanding at 31 December 2020                  21,381,170             1.03         8.87         1,078,491



         The weighted-average grant date fair value for stock options granted during the year ended 31 December 2021
         was USD2.44 (equivalent to RMB15.74), computed using the Black Scholes model to determine the fair value as
         at the grant dates, with the assumptions summarized as follows:


                                                                                                           Year ended
                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                 2021


           Risk-free interest rate                                                                        0.57%~0.73%
           Expected dividend yield                                                                                   —
           Expected volatility                                                                                    60%




                                                                                                                           163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      26. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (CONTINUED)

           (ii)   Stock option (continued)

                  The weighted-average grant date fair value for stock options granted for the year ended 31 December 2020 was
                  USD1.27 (equivalent to RMB8.76), for stock options subjected to service condition, the Group computed using
                  the binomial option pricing model, with the assumptions (or ranges thereof  ) in the following table:


                                                                                                                           Year ended
                                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                                                 2020


                    Exercise price (USD)                                                                                     0.18~3.24
                    Fair value of the ordinary shares on the date of option grant (USD)                                      0.54~2.83
                    Risk-free interest rate                                                                               0.39%~1.03%
                    Expected dividend yield                                                                                        0%
                    Expected volatility                                                                                   81.6%~87.6%
                    Expected forfeiture rate (post-vesting)                                                                       10%


                  For stock options subjected to market condition, the Group used Monte Carlo Simulation model to determine the
                  fair value as of the grant date, with the assumptions summarized as follow:


                                                                                                                 31 December 2020


                    Risk-free interest rate                                                                                      0.5%
                    Expected dividend yield                                                                                        0%
                    Expected volatility                                                                                         87.0%


                  The share-based compensation expenses for the stock options recognized for the year ended 31 December 2021
                  were RMB77,693 thousand (For the year ended 31 December 2020: RMB88,130 thousand).


                  As   of   31   December     2021,    there   were   unrecognized     shared-based     compensation       expenses     of
                  RMB83,200 thousand (As of 31 December 2020: RMB112,101 thousand) related to stock options.




164         Everest Medicines Limited           Annual Report 2021
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                              (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




26. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (CONTINUED)

  (iii) Other share-based compensation arrangements


       On 6 March 2020, Manco granted its restricted shares to the Group’s directors for their services provided to the
       Group. The share-based compensation expenses for such restricted shares for the year ended 31 December
       2021 were RMB1,253 thousand and were pushed down to the Group accordingly (For the year ended
       31 December 2020: RMB12,705 thousand).


27. RESERVES

                                                        Capital reserve    Treasury shares (a)                 Total
                                                              RMB’000                 RMB’000              RMB’000


    At 1 January 2021                                        13,392,531                      —            13,392,531
    Share-based compensation                                    224,980                      —               224,980
    Exercise of stock option                                      5,856                      —                 5,856
    Shares buy-back                                                   —                 (58,707)              (58,707)


    At 31 December 2021                                      13,623,367                 (58,707)          13,564,660


    At 1 January 2020                                           443,649                      —               443,649
    Issuance of ordinary shares, net of
      transaction costs                                      12,758,488                      —            12,758,488
    Share-based compensation                                    117,270                      —               117,270
    Cancellation of warrants                                     71,806                      —                71,806
    Exercise of stock option                                      1,318                      —                 1,318


    At 31 December 2020                                      13,392,531                      —            13,392,531




                                                                                                                          165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      27. RESERVES (CONTINUED)

           (a)   The treasury shares are listed below:


                                                                                        Number of shares                               RMB’000
                                                                                         2021                 2020                2021                2020


                       At beginning of the year                                              —                   —                    —                   —
                       Shares bought back on-market (i)                            1,615,500                     —              58,707                    —
                       Share Scheme Trusts (Note 25(b))                            2,494,428                     —                    —                   —


                       At end of the year                                          4,109,928                     —              58,707                    —



                 (i)      For the year ended 31 December 2021, the       Company conducted shares buy-back pursuant to a general mandate granted by the

                          shareholders to the Board during the Annual General Meeting held on 1 June 2021 and resolutions of the Board adopted on 30 August 2021.

                          During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company purchased 1,615,500 shares in the market. The shares were acquired, with prices

                          ranging from HKD36.65 to HKD48.15, including buy-back transaction costs of RMB186 thousand. These shares are held by BOCI Securities

                          Limited for the Company.



      28. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                        FVOCI reserve Exchange reserve                                  Total
                                                                                               RMB’000                   RMB’000                   RMB’000


              At 1 January 2021                                                                  571,651                  (207,293)                  364,358
              Change in fair value of financial assets at FVOCI                                     9,413                         —                     9,413
              Foreign currency translation                                                               —                (121,902)                 (121,902)


              At 31 December 2021                                                                581,064                  (329,195)                  251,869


              At 1 January 2020                                                                          —                  (46,897)                  (46,897)
              Change in fair value of financial assets at FVOCI                                  571,651                          —                  571,651
              Foreign currency translation                                                               —                (160,396)                 (160,396)


              At 31 December 2020                                                                571,651                  (207,293)                  364,358




166         Everest Medicines Limited                  Annual Report 2021
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




29. NOTE TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

  (i)    Major non-cash transactions


                                                                                                 Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                        2021                       2020
                                                                                                   RMB’000                     RMB’000


          Fair value changes of financial instruments                                                  6,452                   4,937,983
          Cancellation of warrant                                                                          —                     (71,806)
          Net addition of right-of-use assets                                                        65,063                      53,381


                                                                                                     71,515                    4,919,558



  (ii)   Financial liabilities from financing cashflow

                                              Other
                                         non-current     Preferred        Lease                                 Convertible
                                             liability      shares      liabilities Borrowings     Warrants          notes          Total
                                           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


          At 1 January 2021                 369,438         20,880        77,893           —              —              —        468,211
          Financing cash flows out                 —            —        (23,658)          —              —              —        (23,658)
          Interest expenses                  27,554             —          4,805           —              —              —         32,359
          Non-cash transactions                    —         6,452        65,063           —              —              —         71,515
          Foreign currency translation       (36,060)          (554)          (1)          —              —              —        (36,615)


          At 31 December 2021               360,932         26,778       124,102           —              —              —        511,812


          At 1 January 2020                        —     2,463,933        40,759           —        116,270        279,048      2,900,010
          Financing cash flows in           348,590      1,932,252            —            —              —              —      2,280,842
          Financing cash flows out                 —             —       (19,463)          —              —              —        (19,463)
          Interest expenses                  20,950              —         2,870           —              —              —         23,820
          Non-cash transactions                    —     (4,114,484)      53,381           —        (116,872)      (275,904) (4,453,879)
          Foreign currency translation          (102)     (260,821)          346           —            602          (3,144)     (263,119)


          At 31 December 2020               369,438         20,880        77,893           —              —              —        468,211




                                                                                                                                             167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

           Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or
           exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Parties are also
           considered to be related if they are subject to common control, common significant influence or joint control.


           The equity holders, members of key management and their close family members of the Group are also considered as
           related parties. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the related party transactions were carried out in the
           normal course of business and at terms negotiated between the Group and the respective related parties.


           (i)    Name and relationship with related parties are set out below:


                  CBC Group, mainly comprises C-Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P., C-Bridge Investment Everest Limited, C-Bridge
                  II Investment Eight Limited, C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P., C-Bridge IV Investment Two Limited, C-Bridge
                  IV Investment Nine Limited Ltd., C-Bridge Capital Investment Management, Ltd. (“C-Bridge Capital”), CBC Group
                  Investment Management, Ltd, C-Bridge Value Creation Limited and Everest Management Holding Co., Ltd. As
                  at 31 December 2021 and 2020, C-Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P. and C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P., own
                  approximately 45% of shares in the Group on a collective basis.


                    Name of related party                                Relationship


                    Shanghai Kangshida Management Consulting             Entity controlled by CBC Group
                      Co., Ltd. (Kangshida)
                    Affamed Therapeutics Limited (“Affamed”)             Entity controlled by CBC Group
                    CMAB Biopharma Limited (“CMAB”)                      Entity controlled by CBC Group
                    NiKang Therapeutics, Inc. (“Nikang”)                 Entity controlled by CBC Group


                  Save as disclosed elsewhere in the Notes in this report, the following is a summary of the significant transactions
                  carried out between the Group and its related parties in the ordinary course of business during the years ended
                  31 December 2021 and 2020.


           (ii)   Transactions


                  These transactions were conducted in the normal course of business at prices and terms mutually agreed among
                  the parties.




168         Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                              (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

  (ii)   Transactions (continued)


         (a)   Provision of consultancy services to related parties


                                                                                  Years ended 31 December
                                                                                         2021                 2020
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000


                 C-Bridge Capital                                                           —                 3,890
                 Affamed                                                                    —                   761
                 CMAB                                                                       —                 1,395
                 Nikang                                                                     —                    28


                                                                                            —                 6,074



         (b)   Rental fees charged to a related party


                                                                                  Years ended 31 December
                                                                                         2021                 2020
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000


                 Kangshida                                                                  —                   552


         (c)   Management consultancy services provided by related parties


                                                                                  Years ended 31 December
                                                                                         2021                 2020
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000


                 CBC Group Investment Management, Ltd.                                   3,239                1,245
                 Affamed                                                                  426                    —
                 C-Bridge Value Creation Limited                                            —               16,498
                 Nikang                                                                     —                   658


                                                                                         3,665              18,401




                                                                                                                        169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

           (iii) Balances

                 (a)   Amount due to related parties


                                                                                               Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2021                  2020
                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000


                         CBC Group Investment Management, Ltd.                                          582                   440


                       The above balances with related parties were mainly denominated in USD. They were unsecured, trade in
                       nature and non-interest bearing. These balances were due within 30 days. Their fair values approximated their
                       carrying amounts due to their short maturities.

                 (b)   Loan receivable from a director


                                                                                               Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2021                  2020
                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000


                         Loan receivable from a director                                              2,111                 2,172


                       The above balances with related parties were mainly denominated in USD, unsecured, service provision in
                       nature and non-interest bearing. Their fair values approximated their carrying amounts as at 31 December
                       2021.

                       None of the above receivables is past due or impaired. The financial assets related to amount due from
                       related parties for which there was no history of default and the expected credit losses are considered
                       minimal.




170         Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                             (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

  (iv) Key management compensation:

       Key management includes directors and senior managements. The compensation paid or payable to key
       management for employee services is shown below:


                                                                                 Years ended 31 December
                                                                                        2021                 2020
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000


         Salaries, wages and bonuses                                                  72,117               69,573
         Contributions to pension plans                                                  422                   356
         Housing funds, medical insurance and other social
           insurance                                                                    1,642                1,467
         Share-based payments                                                        124,489                66,913


                                                                                     198,670              138,309


31. COMMITMENTS

  Other than disclosed in Note 22, the Group had the following commitments:

  Capital expenditure commitments


                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2021                 2020
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000


    Property, plant and equipment                                                    229,547               13,070




                                                                                                                       171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      32. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY

           (a)   Balance sheet

                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                          2021                 2020
                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


                   Assets
                   Non-current assets
                   Property, plant and equipment                         1,456                4,442
                   Intangible assets                                   567,437              234,896
                   Investments in subsidiaries                        3,516,505            2,625,069
                   Investments                                         798,525              813,072
                   Right-of-use assets                                   2,871                8,647
                   Other non-current assets                            346,399                2,172


                                                                      5,233,193            3,688,298


                   Current assets
                   Amounts due from subsidiaries                       148,053              137,881
                   Prepayments and other current assets                112,764                1,506
                   Cash and cash equivalents                          2,202,509            3,987,671


                                                                      2,463,326            4,127,058


                   Total assets                                       7,696,519            7,815,356


                   Liabilities
                   Non-current liabilities
                   Lease liabilities                                     1,474                3,312


                                                                         1,474                3,312




172         Everest Medicines Limited            Annual Report 2021
                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                            (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




32.	BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY
     (CONTINUED)

  (a)   Balance sheet (continued)


                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                        2021                    2020
                                                                                   RMB’000                   RMB’000


          Current liabilities
          Lease liabilities                                                            1,999                   5,079
          Amounts due to related parties                                                 430                     440
          Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                 69,289                  70,910
          Trade and other payables                                                     3,948                  45,717


                                                                                      75,666                 122,146


          Total liabilities                                                           77,140                 125,458


          Equity
          Equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company
          Share capital                                                                  202                     198
          Reserves                                                               13,564,660             13,392,531
          Accumulated deficit                                                     (6,134,355)            (6,064,334)
          Accumulated other comprehensive income                                     188,872                 361,503


          Total equity                                                             7,619,379             7,689,898


          Total equity and liabilities                                             7,696,519             7,815,356



        Balance sheet of the Company was approved by the board of directors on 28 March 2022 and was signed on its
        behalf.




                          Kerry Levan Blanchard                                  Ian Ying Woo
                           Chief Executive Officer                     President & Chief Financial Officer




                                                                                                                       173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      32.	BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY
           (CONTINUED)

           (b)   Reserve movement


                                                                       Capital reserve       Treasury shares          Total
                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000         RMB’000


                   At 1 January 2021                                       13,392,531                     —       13,392,531
                   Share-based compensation                                   224,980                     —         224,980
                   Exercise of stock option                                      5,856                    —            5,856
                   Shares buy-back                                                  —                (58,707)        (58,707)


                   At 31 December 2021                                     13,623,367                (58,707)     13,564,660


                   At 1 January 2020                                          443,649                     —         443,649
                   Issuance of ordinary shares, net of
                   transaction costs                                       12,758,488                     —       12,758,488
                   Share-based compensation                                   117,270                     —         117,270
                   Cancellation of warrants                                    71,806                     —          71,806
                   Exercise of stock option                                      1,318                    —            1,318


                   At 31 December 2020                                     13,392,531                     —       13,392,531



           (c)   Accumulated other comprehensive income

                                                                          FVOCI reserve Exchange reserve               Total
                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000       RMB’000


                   At 1 January 2021                                             571,651             (210,148)      361,503
                   Change in fair value of financial assets at FVOCI               9,413                    —          9,413
                   Foreign currency translation                                          —           (182,044)      (182,044)


                   At 31 December 2021                                           581,064             (392,192)      188,872


                   At 1 January 2020                                                     —             (37,953)      (37,953)
                   Change in fair value of financial assets at FVOCI             571,651                    —       571,651
                   Foreign currency translation                                          —           (172,195)      (172,195)


                   At 31 December 2020                                           571,651             (210,148)      361,503

174         Everest Medicines Limited         Annual Report 2021
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                              (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




33. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

  In January 2022, the Group entered into a License Agreement with Singapore’s Experimental Drug Development Centre
  (“EDDC”), pursuant to which EDDC granted the Group an exclusive worldwide right to develop, manufacture and
  commercialize COVID-19 oral antiviral treatments. Up to the date of the report, the Group has made an upfront payment
  of USD2.5 million to EDDC and agreed to pay clinical and commercial milestone payment, as well as royalties on net
  sales of products.




                                                                                                                          175
      Four Year Financial Summary



      CONSOLIDATED RESULTS

                                                                                    Years ended 31 December
                                                                      2021         2020          2019              2018
                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000


       Operating loss                                          (1,026,332)     (688,457)      (176,112)        (127,182)
       Loss before income tax                                  (1,008,719)    (5,658,165)     (214,512)        (991,674)
       Loss for the year attributable to the equity holders
         of the Company                                        (1,008,719)    (5,658,165)     (214,512)        (991,674)


       Total comprehensive loss for the year attributable
         to the equity holders of the Company                  (1,121,208)    (5,246,910)     (229,826)       (1,023,333)



      CONSOLIDATED ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                                                                    Years ended 31 December
                                                                      2021         2020          2019              2018
                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000


       Non-current assets                                       3,957,895     2,980,772      2,005,787          513,357
       Current assets                                           2,687,928     4,496,409       131,153           209,815
       Total assets                                             6,645,823     7,477,181      2,136,940          723,172
       Non-current liabilities                                      483,561     449,196      2,494,149        1,510,816
       Current liabilities                                          270,266     186,914       503,873           159,925
       Total liabilities                                            753,827     636,110      2,998,022        1,670,741


       Total equity/(deficit)                                   5,891,996     6,841,071       (861,082)        (947,569)




176         Everest Medicines Limited          Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                 Definitions



“AI”                              artificial intelligence


“associate(s)”                    has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


“Articles of Association”         the articles of association of the Company adopted on 21 September 2020 with
                                  effect from Listing, as amended from time to time


“AGM”                             the annual general meeting of the Company to be held before 30 June 2022


“Audit Committee”                 the audit committee of the Company


“Board” or “Board of Directors”   the board of directors of the Company


“CG Code”                         the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules


“China” or the “PRC”              the People’s Republic of China, and for the purpose of this report only, except
                                  where the context requires otherwise, excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special
                                  Administrative Region and Taiwan


“Company”, “our Company”,         Everest    Medicines      Limited,   an   exempted   company   with   limited   liability
  “the Company” or “Everest       incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on 14 July 2017
  Medicines”


“Companies Ordinance”             the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended,
                                  supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“connected person(s)”             has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“connected transactions”          has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“Controlling Shareholder(s)”      has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


“Director(s)”                     the director(s) of our Company


“Everest SG”                      Everest Medicines (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                  Company


“GDP”                             gross domestic product




                                                                                                                              177
      Definitions




       “Global Offering”                     the Hong Kong Public Offering and the International Offering as defined in the
                                             Prospectus


       “Group”, “our Group”, “the Group”,    the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time
         “we”, “us” or “our”


       “Hong Kong” or “HK”                   the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China


       “Hong Kong dollars”, “HK dollars”,    Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
         “HKD” or “HK$”


       “IFRS”                                International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time by the
                                             International Accounting Standards Board


       “IND”                                 investigational new drug or investigational new drug application, also known as
                                             clinical trial application in China


       “IPO”                                 initial public offering


       “Latest Practicable Date”             28 March 2022, being the latest practicable date for ascertaining certain
                                             information in this annual report before its publication


       “Licensed Product”                    a product that incorporates any of the Licensed Technology


       “Licensed Technology”                 specified know-how and the existing patent in respect of a series of inhibitor
                                             agents that have demonstrated potent in-vitro activity against SARS-CoV-2 and
                                             variants controlled by A*ccelerate or its affiliates


       “Listing”                             the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange


       “Listing Date”                        9 October 2020, the date on which the Shares were listed and on which dealings
                                             in the Shares were first permitted to take place on the Stock Exchange


       “Listing Rules”                       the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                                             Hong Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
                                             to time


       “Main Board”                          the   stock    exchange     (excluding   the   option   market)   operated   by   the
                                             Stock Exchange which is independent from and operates in parallel with the GEM
                                             of the Stock Exchange

178       Everest Medicines Limited         Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                Definitions




“Model Code”                     the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set out
                                 in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules


“NDA”                            new drug application


“NMPA”                           China National Medical Products Administration (國家藥品監督管理局), successor
                                 to the China Food and Drug Administration (國 家 食 品 藥 品 監 督 管 理 總 局)


“Nomination Committee”           the nomination committee of the Company


“Post-IPO Share Award Scheme”    the post-IPO share award scheme adopted by the Company on 21 September
                                 2020


“Post-IPO Share Option Scheme”   the post-IPO share option scheme adopted by the Company on 21 September
                                 2020


“Post-IPO Share Schemes”         the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme and the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme


“PRC Legal Advisor”              Zhong Lun Law Firm, our legal advisor on PRC law


“Pre-IPO ESOP”                   the employee equity plan approved and adopted by our Company on
                                 25 December 2018 as amended and restated on 17 February 2020


“Pre-IPO MSOP”                   the employee stock option plan approved and adopted by our Company on
                                 23 November 2017


“Pre-IPO Share Schemes”          the Pre-IPO ESOP and Pre-IPO MSOP


“Prospectus”                     the prospectus of the Company dated 25 September 2020


“Remuneration Committee”         the Remuneration Committee of the Company


“RMB” or “Renminbi”              Renminbi, the lawful currency of PRC


“Reporting Period”               the year ended 31 December 2021


“SFO”                            Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                 amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time




                                                                                                                     179
      Definitions




       “Share(s)”                        ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company, currently with a par value of
                                         US$0.0001 each


       “Share Schemes”                   the Pre-IPO Share Schemes and the Post-IPO Share Schemes


       “Shareholder(s)”                  holder(s) of the Share(s)


       “Stock Exchange”                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


       “subsidiary” or “subsidiaries”    has the meaning ascribed to it thereto in section 15 of the Companies Ordinance


       “substantial shareholder”         has the meaning ascribed to it in the Listing Rules


       “United States” or “U.S.”         the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas subject
                                         to its jurisdiction


       “US dollars”, “U.S. dollars”,     United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States
         “US$” or “USD”


       “%”                               per cent




180       Everest Medicines Limited     Annual Report 2021
Everest Medicines Limited

                            Everest Medicines Limited
                                   雲頂新耀有限公司


 雲頂新耀有限公司
                             (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

                                          Stock Code : 1952




                                          Better              Medicines,
                                                                                           Better   Life



                                         2021
   2021 Annual Report
                                    Annual Report
