CONTENTS
Corporate Information                             2
Chairman’s Statement                              4
Financial Highlights                              6
Business Highlights                               7
Management Discussion and Analysis                14
Report of Directors                               27
Directors and Senior Management                  60
Corporate Governance Report                      66
Independent Auditor’s Report                     88
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss     96
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position      97
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      99
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             101
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   103
Five Year Financial Summary                      208
Definitions                                      209
    Corporate Information



    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Executive Directors                               Mr. Wei Fu (傅唯) (Chairman)
    Mr. Wei Fu (傅唯) (Chairman of the Board)           Mr. Yifan Li (李軼梵)
    Mr. Yongqing Luo (羅永慶)                            Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (徐海音)
    Mr. Ian Ying Woo (何穎)                               (appointed with effect from 19 January 2023)
    Mr. Xiaofan Zhang (張曉帆)
                                                      Mr. Bo Tan (譚擘)
      (resigned with effect from 31 March 2023)
                                                        (resigned with effect from 19 January 2023)

    Non-Executive Directors
    Mr. Yubo Gong (龔聿波)                               JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
                                                      Ms. Leah Liu (劉栩昕)
      (resigned with effect from 9 February 2024)
    Ms. Lan Kang (康嵐)                                 Ms. Yee Wa Lau (劉綺華)

      (resigned with effect from 12 January 2024)
    Mr. William Ki Chul Cho (曹基哲)                     AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
      (appointed with effect from 12 January 2024)    Mr. Ian Ying Woo (何穎)
    Mr. Honggang Feng (馮洪剛)                           Ms. Yee Wa Lau (劉綺華)
      (appointed with effect from 9 February 2024)

                                                      AUDITOR
    Independent Non-executive Directors               PricewaterhouseCoopers
    Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣世東)                           Certified Public Accountants and Registered
    Mr. Yifan Li (李軼梵)
                                                      Public Interest Entity Auditor
    Mr. Bo Tan (譚擘)
                                                      22/F, Prince’s Building
      (resigned with effect from 19 January 2023)
                                                      Central, Hong Kong
    Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (徐海音)
      (appointed with effect from 19 January 2023)
                                                      REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                      PO Box 309, Ugland House
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
    Mr. Yifan Li (李軼梵) (Chairman)                     Grand Cayman

    Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣世東)                           KY1-1104, Cayman Islands
    Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (徐海音)
      (appointed with effect from 19 January 2023)    HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
    Mr. Bo Tan (譚擘)                                   OF BUSINESS IN CHINA
      (resigned with effect from 19 January 2023)     16/F., CITIC Pacific Plaza
                                                      1168 West Nanjing Road, Jing’an District
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                            Shanghai 200041, China
    Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (徐海音) (Chairman)
      (appointed with effect from 19 January 2023)
    Mr. Wei Fu (傅唯)
    Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣世東)
    Mr. Bo Tan (譚擘)
      (resigned with effect from 19 January 2023)




2    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                              Corporate Information




PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN                        PRINCIPAL BANKER
HONG KONG                                             Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
5/F, Manulife Place                                   32nd Floor, 4–4A Des Voeux Road, Central
348 Kwun Tong Road                                    Hong Kong
Kowloon, Hong Kong

                                                      STOCK CODE
LEGAL ADVISORS                                        1952
As to Hong Kong law and United States law
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom and affiliates   COMPANY WEBSITE
42/F, Edinburgh Tower, The Landmark                   www.everestmedicines.com
15 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong


As to PRC law
Zhong Lun Law Firm
6/10/11/16/17F, Two IFC, 8 Century Avenue
Pudong New Area, Shanghai 200120, PRC


As to Cayman Islands law
Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP
26th Floor, Central Plaza
18 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
PO Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square
Grand Cayman KY1-1102
Cayman Islands


HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East
Wan Chai, Hong Kong




                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   3
    Chairman’s Statement



    Dear Everest Medicines Shareholders,


    In 2023, China charted a course for high-quality economic development in the post-COVID era, promoting affordable and accessible
    healthcare nationwide while fostering sustainable growth in China’s biopharmaceutical industry. While these regulatory and industry
    reform measures, including the anti-graft drive in the second half of 2023, will ultimately benefit the healthcare industry and patients
    alike, they created short-term pressure for the sector. The HSHKBIO index fell nearly 24% for the full year, while the Hang Seng
    index declined almost 14%, reflecting significant headwinds in the macro environment. In marked contrast, Everest Medicines’ share
    price rose by over 20% in 2023, consistently outperforming the sector and the wider market. This strong showing underscores
    investors’ confidence in the Company as an innovator and value creator driving progress in China’s biopharmaceutical industry.


    During our first year of commercialization in China, Everest successfully built its own commercial organization in 2023 and launched
    its first product, Xerava®, in the Chinese market at the end of July. During the five months of sales, we substantially exceeded our
    revenue guidance by reporting revenues of RMB125.9 million versus our initial expectations of RMB70 million to RMB100 million,
    highlighting significant clinical needs for our differentiated antibiotic with broad bacterial spectrum coverage and high potency
    against multidrug-resistant bacterial infections. This significant achievement is a testament to the whole company’s efforts in
    supporting our commercial evolution and building an additional core competency for Everest Medicines.


    Another significant milestone for the company in 2023 was the New Drug Application (NDA) approvals of our first-in-disease IgAN
    therapy, Nefecon, in Macau and Mainland China. Nefecon is the first fully FDA-approved treatment for IgAN to significantly slow
    kidney function decline. Following Nefecon’s successful launch in Macau in late 2023, the Company plans to launch this important
    and innovative product in mainland China, Singapore and Hong Kong in 2024 while pursuing additional regulatory approvals in
    South Korea and Taiwan. We will gradually build up the sales team for Nefecon launch in China over 2024, with up to 120 sales
    representatives by the end of the year, covering core hospitals that encompass approximately 60% of the five million target patient
    population.


    We have also achieved significant progress in the autoimmune disease portfolio. In October 2023, our partner received FDA
    approval for VELSIPITY® (etrasimod) in adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis (UC). Everest reported positive 12-
    week topline data from a multi-center Phase 3 clinical trial of etrasimod in Asia in December 2023. We are planning to advance the
    NDA for etrasimod in Greater China to regulatory submission in 2024 and expect to report etrasimod maintenance period topline
    results in the second half of this year.


    In 2023, we entered into an important licensing partnership with U.S.-based Kezar Life Sciences for zetomipzomib which is being
    evaluated for a range of immune-mediated disorders, including lupus nephritis (LN). We are joining our partner Kezar in PALIZADE, a
    global, placebo-controlled Phase 2b clinical trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of two dose-levels of zetomipzomib in patients
    with active LN as the investigational new drug (IND) application for zetomipzomib was recently approved by China’s Centre for Drug
    Evaluation (CDE).




4    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                               Chairman’s Statement




2024 — Continued Execution Solidifying Leadership Position

As we transition into a fully integrated biopharmaceutical company, it is critical for our commercial organization to be strong and
effective. In 2024, we will have the commercial launch of our flagship renal product Nefecon and up to 120 new employees
representing the product throughout China. Our antibiotic franchise was well received in 2023 and delivered revenue that
significantly exceeded expectation, and now we plan to make Nefecon an even bigger success, with a large target population and
as the only medicine approved globally for the treatment of IgAN. We are confident in a successful launch as we have already
executed on successful pilot program in Hainan Boao and the commercial launch in Macau provided even more optimism with
patients quickly showing interest and seeking prescription.


In March this year, we also expanded and strengthened our management team with the appointments our experienced Chief
Medical Officer and Chief Product Officer who will lead the strategic integration between discovery, clinical development, medical
affairs and marketing, towards the goal of ensuring success in our products’ commercialization.


Another important evolution in 2024 will be the advancement of our internally discovered programs into the clinical stage. We only
built our discovery team in late 2021 and completed our laboratory facility in February 2022. Going from scratch and into clinical
trials in less than three years through COVID disruptions in China is a significant accomplishment for our entire team. Importantly,
the Company terminated the collaboration and license agreements with Providence Therapeutics Holdings Inc. (“Providence”) in
February this year, after which we will develop our own products utilizing the mRNA platform with full intellectual property rights and
full global rights of those products. Going forward, therapeutic vaccines such as cancer vaccines will be the focus of research and
discovery at Everest. We believe there is urgent and significant unmet medical needs globally for these. Just as we have succeeded
in building an impressive commercial organization, we will continue to build our discovery pipeline that will bring sustained, long-term
value to our Shareholders.


The third piece of our growth story in 2024 is additional execution of external business development initiatives to expand our pipeline
and create shareholder value. We intend to focus on our three therapeutic areas of renal disease, anti-infectives, and autoimmune
diseases where there are significant unmet patient needs, where we believe markets are less crowded, innovation is highly
rewarded, and there are synergies with our existing clinical and commercial organization. With these drivers for growth, we strive to
reach our 2025 goal of cash breakeven.


On behalf of the Company, I would like to express our sincere appreciation to the Board of Directors, employees, partners, and
investors for their unwavering support as we continue to forge ahead to solidify our leadership position in key therapeutic areas and
become a leading biopharma in Asia Pacific by 2030.




Mr. Wei Fu
Chairman


Hong Kong
27 March 2024

                                                                                         Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    5
    Financial Highlights



    IFRS NUMBERS:
    •       Revenue increased by RMB113.1 million, or 884% to RMB125.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, from
            RMB12.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, primarily due to the launch of Xerava® in mainland China and Hong
            Kong, the launch of Nefecon® in Macau, sales growth of Xerava® in Singapore and sales of Trodelvy® during the transition
            period with Gilead Sciences, Inc. (“Gilead”) in Singapore.


    •       Research and development (“R&D”) expenses decreased by RMB269.6 million to RMB540.1 million for the year ended 31
            December 2023, from RMB809.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, primarily due to (i) a number of our drug
            candidates having completed clinical trials and advanced to the registration phase or commercial stages; and (ii) costs
            incurred in in-house R&D activities to develop new products in our pipeline, including pre-clinical product.


    •       General and administrative expenses decreased by RMB111.3 million to RMB165.2 million for the year ended 31 December
            2023, from RMB276.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, primarily due to the optimization and rationalization of
            the organizational structure, and associated decrease in share-based compensation expenses.


    •       Distribution and selling expenses decreased by RMB95.3 million to RMB231.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2023,
            from RMB326.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, primarily due to (i) the broader commercialization activities with
            respect to more approved products; (ii) a focused commercialization model driven by product clinical value, resulted in the
            building of a more efficient and leaner commercial team for optimal value creation.


    •       Net loss for the year increased by RMB597.2 million from RMB247.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to
            RMB844.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, primarily attributable to (i) gain from Trodelvy® transaction, a
            one-time item which narrowed the net loss for the year ended 31 December 2022; (ii) growth of product sales; (iii) optimization
            and rationalization of the organizational structure; and (iv) increased bank interest income.


            Adjusted one-time gain from Trodelvy@, transaction, net loss for the year represent a decrease of RMB725.1 million from
            RMB1,569.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2022.


    •       Cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits amounted to RMB2,349.7 million as of 31 December 2023.


    NON-IFRS MEASURE:
    •       Adjusted loss for the year1 was RMB713.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of
            RMB696.2 million from RMB17.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, primarily the increased loss of the year (IFRS
            measure), excluded expenses for share-based compensation, loss on impairment of an intangible asset and amortization of
            an intangible asset.


    1       Adjusted loss for the year represents the loss for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company excluding the effect of certain non-cash items and
            one-time events, namely the loss on fair value changes in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, the loss on fair value changes of preferred shares (non-
            current financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss), share-based compensation loss and IA amortization. For the calculation and reconciliation of
            this non-IFRS measure, please refer to the paragraph numbered 16 under the heading “Financial Review” below.




6       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                         Business Highlights



During the year ended 31 December 2023, and as of the Latest Practicable Date, Everest made significant advancements
strengthening its commercial organization and advancing the pipeline portfolio. We secured NMPA regulatory approvals for Xerava®
and Nefecon®, as well as advancing cefepime-taniborbactam and etrasimod for which NDAs are expected to be submitted in 2024.
On the commercialization front, in mainland China, we have built an effective commercial infrastructure spanning channel and
commercial operations, marketing, market access, medical affairs, and a sales force, with over 100 individuals promoting Xerava®
and managed to cover 300 first-tier hospitals despite the challenging external environment. The Company will build another sales
team of 120 to promote Nefecon® in 600 hospitals representing over 60% of the addressable patient population. We have already
commercialized Nefecon® in Macau, the first region of the Everest territories that received Nefecon® approval, which marked the
beginning of a new treatment era for IgA nephropathy in Asia. We are also committed to aggressively advancing our in-house
discovery portfolio by entering clinical stage development in 2024, leveraging our clinically-validated mRNA platform.


RENAL PRODUCTS PORTFOLIO

Nefecon® (TARPEYO®), our anchor drug candidate in the renal therapeutic area, is a novel oral formulation of budesonide that
targets the origin of immunoglobulin A nephropathy (IgAN). The formulation is designed as a delayed release capsule that is
enterically coated so that it remains intact until it reaches the Peyer’s patch region of the lower small intestine. Each capsule
contains coated beads of budesonide that target mucosal B-cells present in the ileum where the disease originates. Nefecon®
received China NMPA approval for the treatment of primary IgAN in November of 2023 and will be launching in mainland China in
2024.


—       In February 2023, South Korea’s Ministry of Food and Drug Safety (MFDS) granted Global Innovative product on Fast Track
        (GIFT) designation to Nefecon® for the treatment of primary IgAN.


—       In March 2023, our partner Calliditas reported positive topline results from the global, randomized, double-blind, placebo-
        controlled Phase 3 clinical trial NefIgArd, which investigated the effect of Nefecon® versus placebo in patients with primary
        IgAN over 2 years. The trial met its primary endpoint with Nefecon® demonstrating a highly statistically significant benefit over
        placebo (p value < 0.0001) in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) over the two-year period of 9-months of treatment
        with Nefecon® or placebo and 15-months of follow-up off drug. The key primary endpoint, eGFR over 2 years, was on
        average 5.05 mL/min/1.73 m2 higher with Nefecon® compared to placebo (p<0.0001). A treatment benefit with eGFR was
        apparent across baseline urine protein creatinine ratio (UPCR) subgroups, and sustained proteinuria effects and long lasting
        eGFR treatment benefit were observed even 15 months after discontinuation, supporting disease modification. The results
        also indicate that Nefecon® was generally well-tolerated.


—       In April 2023, the Singapore Health Sciences Authority (HSA) accepted the NDA for Nefecon ® for the treatment of primary
        IgAN in adults at risk of disease progression.




                                                                                          Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    7
    Business Highlights




    —   In April 2023, the Company launched Nefecon® for clinical use in Shanghai Ruijin Hospital’s Hainan Bo’ao subsidiary through
        an early-access program. The launch of this early-access program in Hainan marked the beginning of a new treatment era for
        IgA nephropathy in China, where Everest can now offer patients a targeted therapy that could fundamentally change their
        disease progression. Around 700 patients signed up for the program, underscoring significant unmet medical demand for the
        first-in-disease therapy.


    —   In May 2023, an imported version of Nefecon® delayed release capsule was added to the 2023 New Reimbursement Drug
        List of Specialized Medicines of the “Beijing Puhui Health Insurance Program” as “TARPEYO®”, its U.S. trademark. The Beijing
        Puhui Health Insurance Program is an important part of Beijing’s multi-tier medical insurance system. It was included in other
        local insurance programs such as Kunming City and Shanxi Province.


    —   In June 2023, our partner Calliditas presented data from the NeflgArd Phase 3 Study at the European Renal Association —
        European Dialysis and Transplant Association Congress (ERA-EDTA). The presentations showed data and analyses from the
        NefIgArd Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating Nefecon® in patients with IgA nephropathy (IgAN). In addition to data disclosed in
        March, at 24 months, eGFR was reduced by 6.11 mL/min/1.73 m2 from baseline in the Nefecon® arm compared with 12.00
        mL/min/1.73 m2 reduction in the placebo arm, demonstrating 50% less loss of kidney function. Treatment benefit on eGFR
        was apparent across baseline urine protein creatinine ratio (UPCR) subgroups. The reduction in UPCR was also durable, with
        a 30.7% decrease in UPCR in the Nefecon® arm even after 15 months off drug compared with only 1% reduction in the
        placebo arm at 24 months, and 51.3% reduction in the Nefecon® arm at 12 months. For hematuria treatment, the proportion
        of patients with microhematuria in the Nefecon® arm fell to 40.5% from 66.5% at baseline while in the placebo arm, it only
        decreased to 61.2% from 67.8% at baseline.


    —   In August 2023, the Company announced the completion of patient enrollment for the China open-label extension (cOLE) of
        the Phase 3 NefIgArd study. The cOLE study offers an additional 9 months of treatment with Nefecon® to all qualifying
        patients who have completed the NefIgArd study and evaluates the efficacy and safety of extended and repeated Nefecon®
        treatment in patients with IgAN. We hope this will provide more insight into Nefecon future clinical use.


    —   In August 2023, our partner Calliditas announced the publication in The Lancet of the full data from the NeflgArd Phase 3 trial
        with Nefecon® in adults with primary IgA nephropathy (IgAN). In addition to data published in March and June, Calliditas also
        showed a difference in two-year eGFR total slope of 2.95 mL/min/1.73 m2 per year (p<0.0001). Patients treated with
        Nefecon® maintained a greater than 30% proteinuria reduction from the end of the 9-month treatment through the entire
        follow-up period.




8   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                Business Highlights




—   In October 2023, our partner Calliditas presented new biomarker and subgroup analyses from Nefecon®’s Phase 3 NefIgArd
    study in both posters and oral presentations at the 17th International Symposium on IgA Nephropathy. Investigation of the
    effect of Nefecon® on circulating levels of IgA-IC in the Part A population of the NefIgArd clinical trial showed that patients
    treated with Nefecon® 16mg/day exhibited a statistically significant decrease in IgA-IC levels compared to patients who
    received placebo when evaluated at the 3-, 6- and 9-months post randomization. Suppression by treatment with Nefecon® of
    both IgA-IC formation and galactose-deficient IgA1 as previously reported offers an unprecedented opportunity to target the
    fundamental immune abnormalities that drive IgA deposition in the kidney and development of IgAN.


—   In October 2023, the Pharmaceutical Administration Bureau of the Macau Special Administrative Region, China, approved the
    NDA for Nefecon® for the treatment of IgAN in adults at risk of disease progression. Macau is the first region in the Everest
    territories that received Nefecon® NDA approval. Macau accepted the Company’s NDA for Nefecon® in August 2023.


—   In November 2023, the Company made a late-breaking poster presentation at the American Society of Nephrology (ASN)
    Kidney Week 2023 on Chinese patients enrolled from mainland China. Clinical results from the global Phase 3 trials of
    Nefecon® demonstrated numerically greater treatment effect in the subpopulation of patients from mainland China. At 24
    months, the eGFR in the Chinese patients was 66% less deteriorated compared to 50% in the global population. The mean
    percent reduction in UPCR was 31% greater at 9 months vs. placebo in Chinese patients and 43% greater than placebo at
    24 months. Lastly, the percentage of Chinese patients without microhematuria during the observational follow-up period
    increased to 57.5% from 26.9% at baseline, while it was maintained at 14.3% in the placebo group. These data demonstrate
    Chinese patients show faster disease progression compared to the global population.


—   In November 2023, NMPA approved Nefecon® for the treatment of primary IgAN in adults at risk of disease progression.
    NMPA’s approval marked a new era of IgAN treatment in China. China has the highest prevalence of primary glomerular
    diseases in the world with an estimated five million IgAN patients. Current non-targeted treatment options for IgAN do not
    fundamentally alter disease progression and IgAN patients are at risk of progressing to end-stage renal disease, which may
    then require dialysis or kidney transplant. There is a very significant unmet medical need for novel effective therapies such as
    Nefecon among IgAN patients in China.


—   In November 2023, the Nefecon® NDA was accepted for review by South Korea’s Ministry of Food and Drug Safety (MFDS)
    for the treatment of primary IgAN in adult patients.


—   In December 2023, Nefecon® issued its first prescription at Kiang Wu Hospital in Macau, marking the official start of the
    Company’s first-in-disease drug to patients across Asia, opening a new era of treatment for IgA nephropathy patients in the
    region. At the same time, a PAP program was officially launched at the Kiang Wu Hospital, which will provide financial
    assistance to mainland Chinese citizens who prescribe Nefecon® in Macau.




                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    9
     Business Highlights




     —       In December 2023, our partner Calliditas announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had approved
             Nefecon® delayed release capsules to reduce the loss of kidney function in adults with primary immunoglobulin A nephropathy
             (IgAN) at risk for disease progression, irrespective of proteinuria levels. Nefecon® was first approved in December 2021 under
             the FDA accelerated approval pathway and is now the first fully FDA-approved treatment for IgAN based on a measure of
             kidney function.


     —       In December 2023, the NDA for Nefecon® was accepted for review by the Taiwan Food and Drug Administration (TFDA) for
             the treatment of primary IgAN in adult patients.


     Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:

     –       In March 2024, Singapore Health Sciences Authority approved NEFEGAN® for the treatment of primary IgAN in adults at risk
             of disease progression. NEFEGAN®, known in other Everest’s territories as Nefecon®, was the first ever treatment for IgAN
             fully approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, and Singapore marks the third region in Everest’s territories that
             received NDA approval after Macau and mainland China.


     —       We expect Nefecon® to be commercially launched in mainland China, Hong Kong and Singapore in 2024.


     —       We expect to receive Nefecon® NDA approvals in Taiwan and South Korea in 2024.


     —       We expect to report Nefecon® China open label study results in the third quarter of 2024.


     INFECTIOUS DISEASE PORTFOLIO
     XERAVA® (eravacycline) is a novel, fully synthetic fluorocycline intravenous antibiotic for the treatment of infections caused by
     susceptible gram-positive, gram-negative and anaerobic pathogens including those multidrug resistant (“MDR”) isolates. Xerava®
     received NMPA approval for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections in adults in March 2023.


     —       In March 2023, the NMPA approved the New Drug Application (NDA) for Xerava® (eravacycline) for the treatment of
             complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI) in adult patients.


     —       In April 2023, the Company signed a Memorandum of Understanding for a strategic partnership with a subsidiary of Shanghai
             Pharma, SPH Keyuan Xinhua Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. to promote import and channel distribution of Xerava® (eravacycline) in
             China.


     —       In July 2023, the Company launched Xerava® (eravacycline) in China with its first prescription issued at Huashan Hospital
             affiliated to Fudan University. The commercialization of XERAVA® in China marks Everest’s transformation into a commercial-
             stage innovative biopharmaceutical company.


     —       In September 2023, the Taiwan Food and Drug Administration (TFDA) approved the NDA for Xerava® (eravacycline) for the
             treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI) in adult patients.


     —       In February 2024, eravacycline’s clinical breakpoint was officially approved by ECAST, so that the drug can be used more
             accurately in clinical practice.



10       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                     Business Highlights




Taniborbactam is a beta-lactamase inhibitor (“BLI”) that, in combination with cefepime, may offer a potential treatment option for
patients with serious bacterial infections caused by difficult-to-treat resistant gram-negative bacteria, most notably carbapenem-
resistant Enterobacterales (“CRE”) and carbapenem-resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa (“CRPA”).


—     In September 2023, the Center for Drug Evaluation (CDE) of the NMPA recommended Priority Review for cefepime-
      taniborbactam for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI), including pyelonephritis, based on the criteria of
      “innovative drugs for the prevention and treatment of major infectious diseases and rare diseases that meet urgent clinical
      needs”.


Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:

—     In February 2024, our partner Venatorx Pharmaceuticals announced that The New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM)
      published the results of the CERTAIN-1 Phase 3 clinical study of the investigational agent cefepime-taniborbactam for the
      treatment of adult patients with complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI), including acute pyelonephritis. The results showed
      that cefepime-taniborbactam was superior to meropenem for the treatment of complicated UTI that included acute
      pyelonephritis, with a similar safety profile to meropenem. We expect to submit NDA for the cUTI indication in Greater China in
      2024.


EVER206 (also known as SPR206) is a novel intravenous polymyxin derivative in development for the treatment of MDR gram-
negative bacterial infections. It has shown antibiotic activity against pathogens such as carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriacae,
Acinetobacter baumannii and Pseudomonas aeruginosa in preclinical studies.


—     In January 2023, the Company reported top-line results from a China Phase I study on healthy subjects demonstrating that
      EVER206 was well-tolerated with no evidence of acute kidney injury and no new safety signals on healthy subjects with dose
      ranges applied in the study. The pharmacokinetics of healthy subjects in China were comparable to the results of the overseas
      Phase I study and the safety profile was also similar to the results from the overseas Phase I trial.


AUTOIMMUNE DISEASE PORTFOLIO

Etrasimod (VELSIPITY®) is an oral, once-a-day, selective sphingosine 1-phosphate (S1P) receptor modulator designed for
optimized pharmacology and engagement of S1P receptors 1, 4, and 5. The drug has been licensed from Pfizer and received FDA
approval in ulcerative colitis as Velsipity® in October 2023.


—     In May 2023, patient enrollment was completed in a multi-center Phase 3 clinical trial of etrasimod in Asia for the treatment of
      moderate-severe active ulcerative colitis (UC).


—     In October 2023, partner Pfizer Inc. received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for VELSIPITY ®
      (etrasimod) in adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis (UC).




                                                                                          Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   11
     Business Highlights




     —     In December 2023, the Company reported positive topline data results from a multi-center Phase 3 clinical trial of etrasimod in
           Asia for the treatment of moderate-to-severe active ulcerative colitis (UC). The multicenter, randomized, double-blind and
           placebo-controlled Phase 3 trial of etrasimod 2 mg was conducted in Asian countries, including mainland China, China
           Taiwan and South Korea. Patients with inadequate response or intolerance to at least one conventional, biologic, or Janus
           kinase (JAK) inhibitor therapy were randomized to receive etrasimod 2 mg once-daily or placebo for 12 weeks of induction
           treatment. Etrasimod treatment resulted in a clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvement in the primary
           endpoint and all key secondary and other secondary endpoints (including mucosal healing, symptomatic remission and
           endoscopic normalization) after the 12-week induction treatment period. In general, treatment with etrasimod 2 mg was well
           tolerated. The safety profile was consistent with previous etrasimod studies and no new safety findings were observed.


     Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:

     —     In March 2024, Pharmaceutical Administration Bureau of the Macau Special Administrative Region, China, accepted Everest’s
           NDA for etrasimod for the treatment of moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis. Macau will be the first of Everest’s Asian
           territories in which etrasimod is anticipated to receive approval.


     —     We expect to report etrasimod Phase 3 Asia clinical trial maintenance period topline results in the second half of 2024.


     —     We expect to submit NDA for etrasimod to NMPA for approval in the second half of 2024.


     Zetomipzomib is a novel, first-in-class, selective immunoproteasome inhibitor currently being evaluated for a range of immune-
     mediated disorders, including lupus nephritis (LN). It was licensed from Kezar Life Sciences in 2023.


     —     In September 2023, Everest entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Kezar Life Sciences to develop and
           commercialize Kezar’s lead drug candidate zetomipzomib, a novel, first-in-class, selective inhibitor of the immunoproteasome
           for a range of autoimmune diseases including lupus nephritis, in Greater China, South Korea and some Southeast Asian
           countries. Under the terms of the agreement, Kezar should receive an upfront payment of $7 million, and is entitled to receive
           future clinical and commercial milestone payments of up to $125.5 million, as well as tiered single-digit to low-teens royalties
           on net sales of products. Everest will also have the option to localize manufacturing.


     —     In December 2023, NMPA accepted the Company’s IND application for zetomipzomib in China. Everest plans to join its
           partner, Kezar Life Sciences, in PALIZADE, a global, placebo-controlled Phase 2b clinical trial evaluating the efficacy and
           safety of two dose-levels of zetomipzomib in patients with active lupus nephritis.




12    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                  Business Highlights




Post-Reporting Period achievements and expected milestones:

—     In February 2024, NMPA approved Kezar’s IND application for initiation of the Phase 2b PALIZADE trial in China of
      zetomipzomib in patients with lupus nephritis (LN).


mRNA PLATFORM

In 2023, the Company has made significant progress with its mRNA platform therapeutic vaccines for cancer and autoimmune
diseases. Everest plans to announce new mRNA pipeline products that are expected to enter clinical development in 2024. This
platform will be an important part of our discovery efforts going forward.


—     In February 2024, the Company and Providence terminated their existing collaboration and license agreements. After the
      termination of the agreements, Everest will continue to develop its own products utilizing the mRNA platform, and will own full
      intellectual property rights and full global rights of those products. Everest will not need to pay milestone or royalty fees to
      Providence for any products it develops in the future, except for the rabies or shingles vaccines which were developed in
      collaboration with Providence.


Cautionary Statement required by Rule 18A.08(3) of the Listing Rules: The Company cannot guarantee that it will be able to
develop, or ultimately market, any of the above drug candidates successfully. Shareholders and potential investors of the Company
are advised to exercise due care when dealing in the Shares.


KEY CORPORATE DEVELOPMENTS

—     In March 2023, the Company received full upfront payment of US$280 million from Immunomedics, Inc., a wholly-owned
      subsidiary of Gilead Sciences, Inc., for the transaction around Trodelvy® rights in certain Asia territories. Everest has also
      received US$34 million reimbursement for expenses related to the Trodelvy® transition.


—     We will work with partners to establish an innovative ecosystem for kidney disease diagnostics and treatment, with the aim to
      provide IgAN patients with a tool to diagnose the disease and show disease progression without biopsy.


For details of any of the foregoing, please refer to the rest of this annual report and, where applicable, the Company’s prior
announcements.




                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    13
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     OVERVIEW

     We are a biopharmaceutical company that integrates discovery, licensing, clinical development, commercialization and
     manufacturing of novel and differentiated therapies to address critical unmet medical needs initially in the Asia Pacific markets and
     eventually around the world. Since the founding of the Company in 2017, we have strategically built a portfolio of more than 10
     promising clinical-stage candidates and are working to complement the existing pipeline through in-house discovery efforts by
     leveraging our clinically-validated mRNA platform. Currently, our commercial product portfolio consists two approved products —
     Nefecon ® and Xerava ®, with additional approvals expected in the next two years. We plan to submit NDAs for cefepime-
     taniborbactam in our anti-infective franchise as well as autoimmune product etrasimod in 2024.


     We are building a fully integrated Asia-based leading global biopharmaceutical company encompassing the whole value chain of
     capabilities, including discovery, CMC, process and quality development, clinical development, and manufacturing in compliance
     with global good manufacturing practice (GMP), and are proud of our robust newly-established commercial infrastructure. 2023 was
     the first year of commercial operations for Everest in China and we are pleased to have exceeded our initial revenue guidance of
     RMB70 million to RMB100 million during this period. Our strong performance is a testament to the combined efforts and focus of
     our entire company and its leadership team and underscores the significant unmet medical needs that our products are able to
     address. Our manufacturing site in Jiashan was completed and began producing mRNA vaccine in late 2022. It will be utilized to
     manufacture clinical material for advancement of our discovery programs into human trials in 2024.


     PRODUCT PIPELINE

     Everest has built a strong product pipeline across renal, anti-infective, and autoimmune diseases that are all potentially first-in-
     treatment or best-in-class assets. These programs encompass short-term, mid-term and long-term opportunities which are
     collectively expected to generate significant revenue growth for the Company and create value for its Shareholders.




14    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




The following table summarizes our key pipeline and the development status of each drug and vaccine candidate as of the Latest
Practicable Date:


                                                                                                                Everest Clinical Status                                 Global
 NDA/BLA          Molecule                        Commercial
                                    Partner                             Indication                                                           BLA/NDA                    Clinical
 approval        (Modality)                         Right                                  Pre-clinical   Phase 1    Phase 2     Phase 3                  Approval
                                                                                                                                            Application                 Status

                                                   Greater China,
                                                                                            Approved in Macau ,Mainland China and Singapore ;                        Approved in US,
                   Nefecon®                       Singapore, South    IgA nephropathy
                                                                                            NDA accepted in South Korea and Taiwan                                         EU

    2023
                                                       Korea

                                                   Greater China,
                   Xerava®                                                                                                                                           Approved in US,
                                                  South Korea, SE           cIAI            Approved in Mainland China, Hong Kong ,Taiwan and Singapore
                (eravacycline)                         Asia
                                                                                                                                                                         EU, UK

                                                   Greater China,
                  Cefepime-                                                                                                                                           Priority review
                                                  South Korea, SE           cUTI



    2024–25
                taniborbactam                          Asia
                                                                                                                                                                      granted in US

                                                                                                                                                                       Approved in
                                                   Greater China,     Ulcerative Colitis    NDA accepted in Macau
                  Velsipity®/                                                                                                                                            US,EU
                                                   South Korea,
                  Etrasimod                          Singapore        CD, AD, AA, EoE
                                                                     (2025 and beyond)                                                                                   Phase 2

                                                   Greater China,
                Zetomipzomib                      South Korea, SE     Lupus nephritis                                                                                   Phase 2b
                                                       Asia

   2026 and        EVER001
                                                     Worldwide       Glomerulonephritis                                                                                Phase 1b/2
                  (XNW1011)
    beyond
                                                   Greater China,
                   EVER206                                             Gram negative
                                                  South Korea, SE                                                                                                        Phase 1
                   (SPR206)                            Asia
                                                                         infections

                 Personalized
                                 Self-developed      Worldwide             Cancer                                                                                      Pre-clinical
                cancer vaccine

                 TAA cancer
   Discovery
                                 Self-developed      Worldwide             Cancer                                                                                      Pre-clinical
                  vaccine
                   Immune-
   Platform       modulatory
                cancer vaccine
                                 Self-developed      Worldwide             Cancer                                                                                      Pre-clinical


                In vivo CAR-T    Self-developed      Worldwide             Cancer                                                                                      Pre-clinical



Abbreviations: IgA = immunoglobulin A; cIAI = complicated intra-abdominal infections; cUTI = complicated urinary tract infections;
NDA/BLA = new drug application.


Note:    Additional pipeline products include FGF401, mRNA COVID-19 vaccine, mRNA rabies vaccine and mRNA shingles vaccine.




                                                                                                                    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023                      15
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     BUSINESS REVIEW

     Pipeline Outlook

     Leveraging our strong development and regulatory affairs expertise, we plan to advance both cefepime-taniborbactam and
     etrasimod to NDA submissions in China in 2024. In our clinical stage portfolio, we continue to make progress in the ongoing Phase
     3 trial of etrasimod in Asia and expect to report maintenance period results from the trial in the second half of 2024. An IND
     application to initiate the Phase 2b trial for zetomipzomib was recently approved by the NMPA in February 2024, and we will join our
     partner Kezar in the PALIZADE study, an ongoing global, placebo-controlled Phase 2b clinical trial evaluating the efficacy and safety
     of two dose-levels of zetomipzomib in patients with active lupus nephritis. Results from our open-label study on Nefecon®, expected
     in the second half of 2024, will offer insight into the value of extended and repeated use of the medicine and provide very important
     guidance for doctors in clinical practice. We are also expecting topline results from Ever001’s Phase 1b clinical trial in the second
     half of 2024.


     Commercialization

     2023 marked Everest’s first year of commercialization in China with Xerava® ’s launch in late-July and Nefecon®’s commercial
     launch in Macau in December. We generated RMB125.9 million in revenue last year, substantially above the previous revenue
     guidance of RMB70 million to RMB100 million.


     The Company strengthened its infrastructure and capabilities as a commercial-stage company by building an industry-leading
     central commercial platform comprising of medical affairs, marketing, market access, channel and commercial operations. With a
     commercial team of approximately 200 individuals comprising of the central platform and a dedicated hospital sales team, we
     managed to cover Xerava® across 300 core tertiary hospitals in just five months, despite the difficult regulatory environment towards
     healthcare product promotion to medical professionals starting in the second half of 2023. We have educated healthcare providers
     and built brand awareness through engagements with different stakeholders. Xerava ® has been recommended by multiple treatment
     guidelines in China and globally as the foundation for empirical treatment of multidrug-resistant infections, based on its broad
     bacterial spectrum coverage and high potency against MDR bacterial infections.


     Xerava®’s commercial success was followed by Nefecon®’s NDA approvals in Macau and mainland China in October 2023 and
     November 2023, respectively. 2024 will be a flagship year for Nefecon ® as Everest plans to commercially launch the product in
     mainland China, where there are an estimated five million IgAN patients. The Company prepared for this launch by initiating an early
     access program in the Hainan Boao pilot zone. This program demonstrated significant demand for Nefecon®, with approximately
     700 patients signed up. We also initiated sales in Macau in late 2023, which was the first Everest territory to have received regulatory
     approval of the product. In addition, around 20,000 Chinese patients have registered in an IgAN patient program funded through a
     charity foundation, which underscores the significant unmet needs for this first-in-disease medicine and will serve as our initial
     patient base when Nefecon® is officially launched in mainland China. We have been working extensively on brand optimization and
     were able to engage key opinion leader and promote disease awareness on IgAN through innovative channels ahead of launch.




16    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




To ensure smooth commercial launch and continued supply of our products afterwards, the Company established multiple
partnerships with China’s leading pharmaceutical supply chain service providers in 2023, including SPH Keyuan Xinhai
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Sinopharm Group, Guangzhou Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd., Chongqing Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.
and Shanghai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. We will leverage their industry-leading import and channel distribution networks to
commercialize Xerava® and Nefecon® in mainland China.


Everest is actively working to enhance patient access to both Xerava® and Nefecon®, and improve affordability through private or
local commercial insurance plans, patient assistance programs (PAP) and by pursuing NRDL listings. For instance, Xerava® was
included in Dalian’s local insurance program while the imported version of Nefecon® was added to the Beijing Puhui Health
Insurance Program’s 2023 New Reimbursement Drug List of Specialized Medicines, as well as other local insurance programs such
as Kunming City and Shanxi Province. We have established our PAP program for Nefecon ® in Macau through a charitable
foundation. We expect the momentum to continue until we officially launch the product in mainland China. This PAP project in Kiang
Wu Hospital greatly alleviated financial burden of Chinese citizens who prescribed Nefecon® in Macau.


Commercialization Outlook

By the end of 2024, we expect to have three commercialized products in our core therapeutic areas. We will focus on successfully
commercializing Nefecon® in China, continuing to grow the sales of Xerava ®, while starting to commercialize etrasimod in the
Greater Bay area. We expect to achieve a revenue target of RMB700 million in 2024 from the combined sales of Xerava® and
Nefecon®. With our strong balance sheet and expected substantial increases in revenue, the Company has set a goal of achieving
cash breakeven by the end of 2025.


We will continue to increase patient access through patients registered for our charity program for Nefecon®, and gradually establish
a second sales team of up to 120 nephrology-focused representatives in 2024 commercializing Nefecon® across 600 hospitals. We
also plan to engage in National Reimbursement Drug List (NRDL) negotiations in 2024 for Nefecon®, with the goal to be included in
2025 so more patients can enjoy the benefits of the medicine. We plan to expand Nefecon® approvals to additional territories,
including Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan and South Korea in 2024.


With a selectively larger sales team for Xerava® this year, we will increase penetration in our 300 core tertiary hospitals and further
establish Xerava® as the foundation for empirical treatment of multidrug-resistant infections. We will accumulate real world data and
establish academic platforms to educate healthcare professionals about Xerava® as the best-in-class treatment for MDR infections.


Meanwhile, we aim to receive NDA approval for etrasimod, our anchor product in autoimmune diseases, in Macau. We will take
advantage of the preferential policies in the Greater Bay Area of China (which includes Macau, and Guangdong Province) to
accelerate drug accessibility to patients in China in 2024.




                                                                                        Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    17
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Business Development

     Our business development efforts centered around renal diseases and autoimmune disorders in 2023. We continue to bolster our
     leadership position in these areas by expanding our pipeline. In September 2023, the Company entered into a collaboration and
     license agreement with Kezar Life Sciences to develop and commercialize Kezar’s lead drug candidate zetomipzomib, a novel, first-
     in-class, selective inhibitor of the immunoproteasome for a range of autoimmune diseases including lupus nephritis (LN), in Greater
     China, South Korea and some Southeast Asian countries. The in-licensing of zetomipzomib added another mid-to-late stage asset
     to our pipeline.


     Going forward, we will continue to pursue first-in-class or best-in-class assets in our focused therapeutic areas, including
     commercial-stage products that could utilize our established commercial capabilities and complement our pipeline.


     Discovery

     2024 will be an important year for Everest, as our first product from internal discovery is expected to enter clinical development. Our
     discovery team was established in late 2021, and the research laboratory in Zhangjiang, a state-of-the-art, 1,700 square meters
     facility including a BSL-2 lab, was completed and became fully functional in February 2022. In less than three years, we have
     successfully localized of our mRNA platform with the first program expected to enter clinical development in 2024, in spite of the
     significant COVID disruptions in China. This is a significant achievement for our entire organization.


     As part of our increasing focus on internal discovery programs, the Company agreed to terminate the collaboration and license
     agreements with Providence in February 2024 and instead will develop our own mRNA products with full intellectual property and
     global commercial rights (except for the Shingles and Rabies vaccines co-developed previously with Providence). Since licensing in
     the platform in Sept. 2021, Everest has established end-to-end capabilities for development and manufacturing of mRNA
     therapeutics. Based on the clinically-validated platform, therapeutic vaccines such as cancer vaccines will be a core focus of
     Everest’s research and discovery as this area holds broad unmet medical needs globally, and represents significant growth
     opportunities for Everest. We believe this transition supports our evolution to becoming a fully integrated biopharmaceutical
     company where internal innovation is an important capability, and can create long-term value for our Shareholders along with our
     commercial success.




18    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




FINANCIAL REVIEW

Year Ended 31 December 2023 Compared to Year Ended 31 December 2022

                                                                                                      Years Ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2023                    2022
                                                                                                           (RMB in thousands)


 Revenue                                                                                           125,932                   12,792
 Cost of revenue                                                                                    (34,414)                  (4,645)
 Gross Profit                                                                                        91,518                    8,147
 General and administrative expenses                                                               (165,155)               (276,547)
 Research and development expenses                                                                 (540,054)               (809,736)
 Distribution and selling expenses                                                                 (231,419)               (326,687)
 Other income                                                                                        13,175                    4,624
 Other gains/(losses) — net                                                                        (100,803)              1,143,399
 Operating loss                                                                                    (932,738)               (256,800)
 Finance income/(costs) — net                                                                        84,608                  32,887
 Fair value change in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”)                    848                  (21,748)
 Fair value change in financial instruments issued to investors                                       2,819                   (1,614)
 Loss before income tax                                                                            (844,463)               (247,275)
 Income tax expense                                                                                        –                       (8)
 Loss for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company                               (844,463)               (247,283)
 Total comprehensive loss for the year attributable to the equity holders
     of the Company                                                                                (789,022)               (490,146)


 Non-IFRS measure:
 Adjusted loss for the year                                                                        (713,614)                 (17,426)


1.     Overview

       For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group recorded a loss of RMB844.5 million. The general and administrative
       expenses were RMB165.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 as compared with RMB276.5 million for the year
       ended 31 December 2022. The research and development expenses of the group were RMB540.1 million for the year ended
       31 December 2023, as compared with RMB809.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022.




                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    19
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     2.   Revenue

          For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group generated revenue of RMB125.9 million from the launch of Xerava® in
          mainland China and Hong Kong, the launch of Nefecon® in Macau, sales growth of Xerava® in Singapore and sales of
          Trodelvy® during the transition period with Gilead in Singapore.


     3.   Research & Development (“R&D”) Expenses

          The Group’s R&D expenses decreased from RMB809.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB540.1 million
          for the year ended 31 December 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to (i) a number of our drug candidates have
          completed clinical trials and advanced to the registration phase or commercial stages; and (ii) costs incurred in in-house R&D
          activities to develop new products (including pre-clinical product) for our pipeline expansion.


          The following table sets forth the components of our R&D expenses for the periods indicated:


                                                                                                              Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                              2023                2022
                                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000


            Research, clinical trial and test expenses                                                      243,757           378,495
            Employee benefit expenses                                                                       207,413           386,214
            Professional expenses                                                                            13,761             16,021
            Depreciation and amortization                                                                    49,581             20,077
            Office and travelling expenses                                                                   24,265              6,995
            Others                                                                                            1,277              1,934


            Total                                                                                           540,054           809,736


     4.   Distribution and Selling Expenses

          Our distribution and selling expenses decreased from RMB326.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB231.4
          million for the year ended 31 December 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to (i) the broader commercialization
          activities with respect to more approved products; and (ii) a focused commercialization model driven by product clinical value,
          resulted in the building of a more efficient and leaner commercial team for optimal value creation.


     5.   General and Administrative Expenses

          Our general and administrative expenses decreased from RMB276.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to
          RMB165.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to optimization and
          rationalization of the organizational structure, and decreased share-based compensations.



20    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




6.   Other Income

     Other income increased from RMB4.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB13.2 million for the year ended 31
     December 2023. This was primarily attributable to an increase in government grants received.


7.   Other Losses — Net

     The Group’s other losses for the year ended 31 December 2023 was RMB100.8 million, compared to other gains of
     RMB1,143.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, primarily attributable to loss from the termination of Ralinepag.


8.   Operating Loss

     The operating loss of the Group increased from RMB256.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB932.7 million
     for the year ended 31 December 2023. The increase primarily attributable to (i) gain from Trodelvy® transaction, which was a
     one-time item, narrowed the operating loss for the year 2022; (ii) growth of product sales; and (iii) optimization and
     rationalization of the organizational structure.


9.   Finance Income — Net

     The Group’s finance income increased from RMB32.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB84.6 million for
     the year ended 31 December 2023, primarily attributable to increased interest income on bank deposits.


10. Fair Value Change in Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss

     The Group recorded a loss from fair value change in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB21.7 million for
     the year ended 31 December 2022 and a gain of RMB0.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 due to the increase
     in the fair value of investment in Venatorx.


11. Fair Value Change in Financial Instruments Issued to Investors

     The Group recorded a loss from fair value change of financial instruments issued to investors of RMB1.6 million for the year
     ended 31 December 2022 and a gain of RMB2.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. The change was primarily
     attributable to fair value change of preferred shares issued by our subsidiary, EverNov Medicines Limited (“EverNov”).




                                                                                      Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    21
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     12. Income Tax Expense

          The Company incurred income tax expense of RMB8 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2022, and Nil for the year
          ended 31 December 2023.


     13. Loss For The Year Attributable To The Equity Holders Of The Company

          The loss for the year attributable to equity holders of the Company increased by RMB596.6 million to RMB844.5 million for
          the year ended 31 December 2023 from RMB247.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, primarily attributable to
          (i) gain from Trodelvy® transaction, a one-time item which narrowed the net loss for the year 2022; (ii) growth of product sales;
          (iii) optimization and rationalization of the organizational structure and (iv) increased of bank interest income.


          Adjusted one-time gain from Trodelvy@ transaction, net loss for the year represents a decrease of RMB725.1 million from
          RMB1,569.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2022.


     14. Other Comprehensive Income

          Other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2023 was RMB55.4 million, compared to other comprehensive
          loss of RMB242.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2022. Such change was primarily attributable to gains from foreign
          currency translation, net off by changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income/(loss).


     15. Total Comprehensive Loss for the Year Attributable to the Equity Holders of the Company

          As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s loss for the year ended 31 December 2023 was RMB789.0 million, compared to a
          loss for the year ended 31 December 2022 was RMB490.1 million.


     16. Non-IFRS Measure

          To supplement the Group’s consolidate financial statements, which are presented in accordance with the IFRS, the Company
          also uses adjusted loss for the year, which is not required by, or presented in accordance with the IFRS. The Company
          believes that the adjusted loss for the year provides useful information to Shareholders and potential investors in
          understanding and evaluating the Group’s consolidated results of operations.




22    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




    Adjusted loss for the year represents the loss for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company excluding the
    effect of certain non-cash items and one-time events, namely the loss on fair value changes in financial instruments issued to
    investors, share-based compensation expenses, impairment of an intangible asset and amortization of an intangible asset.
    The term adjusted loss for the year is not defined under the IFRS. The use of this non-IFRS measures have limitations as an
    analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation from, or as substitute for analysis of, the Group’s results of
    operations or financial condition as reported under IFRS. The Company’s presentation of such adjusted figure may not be
    comparable to a similarly titled measure presented by other companies. However, the Company believes that this measure is
    a reflection of the Group’s normal operating results by eliminating potential impacts of items that the management do not
    consider to be indicative of the Group’s operating performance, and thus facilitate comparisons of operating performance
    from period to period and company to company to the extend applicable.


    The table below sets forth a reconciliation of the loss for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company to adjusted
    loss for the year during the periods indicated:


                                                                                                      Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2023                    2022
                                                                                                           (RMB in thousands)


     Loss for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company                           (844,463)               (247,283)
     Added:
     Gain/(loss) on fair value changes in financial assets at fair value through
        profit or loss                                                                                 (848)                 21,748
     Gain/(loss) on fair value changes in financial instruments issued to investors                  (2,819)                   1,614
     Share-based compensation expenses                                                               73,420                 206,495
     Impairment of an intangible asset                                                               51,968                        –
     Amortization of an intangible asset                                                              9,128                        –
     Adjusted loss for the year                                                                    (713,614)                 (17,426)


17. Liquidity and Source of Funding

    As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents plus bank deposits increased to RMB2,349.7 million from
    RMB1,651.4 million as of 31 December 2022. The increase primarily resulted from US$196 million cash received in the first
    quarter of 2023 related to the Trodelvy® transaction.


    As of 31 December 2023, the current assets of the Group were RMB2,507.6 million, including cash and cash equivalents and
    bank deposits of RMB2,349.7 million and other current assets of RMB157.9 million. As of 31 December 2023, the current
    liabilities of the Group were RMB300.1 million, including trade and other payables of RMB258.8 million, lease liabilities of
    RMB18.7 million and borrowings of RMB22.7 million.


    Details of cash and cash equivalents are set out in Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements.



                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    23
     Management Discussion and Analysis




         Operating Activities


         Net cash used in our operating activities for the year ended 31 December 2023 was RMB769.2 million. Our net loss was
         RMB844.5 million for the same period. The difference between our loss before income tax and our net cash used in operating
         activities was primarily attributable to (i) share-based compensation in the amount of RMB73.4 million, (ii) finance income
         which was classified as investing activities and (iii) changes in working capital.


         Net cash used in our operating activities for the year ended 31 December 2022 was RMB1,155.8 million. Our net loss was
         RMB247.3 million for the same period. The difference between our loss before income tax and our net cash used in operating
         activities was primarily attributable to gains from Trodelvy® transaction which was classified as investing activities.


         Investing Activities


         Net cash generated from investing activities for the year ended 31 December 2023 was RMB752.5 million, primarily
         attributable to (i) disposal of an intangible assets of RMB1,580.6 million; and (ii) partially offset by purchase and disposal of
         bank deposits of RMB568.8 million.


         Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended 31 December 2022 was RMB1,028 million, primarily attributable to
         (i) investment in manufacturing site build-up of RMB355.9 million; (ii) payment on R&D milestones of RMB76.8 million; and
         (iii) purchase of bank deposits of RMB1,160.6 million, partially offset by cash income from Trodelvy® transaction of RMB565
         million.


         Financing Activities


         Net cash generated from financing activities for the year ended 31 December 2023 was RMB10.1 million, primarily attributable
         to (i) the redemption of all equity interests held by Jiashan Shanhe Equity Investment Company (“Jiashan Shanhe”) for
         RMB442.9 million; and (ii) partially offset by bank loans of RMB451.5 million.


         Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended 31 December 2022 was RMB25.3 million, primarily attributable to
         payment on office lease.




24   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




18. Treasury Policy

    Our cash can only be invested in relatively liquid and low-risk instruments such as bank deposits or money market
    instruments. The primary objective of our investments is to generate finance income at a yield higher than the interest rate of
    current bank deposits, with an emphasis on preserving principal and maintaining liquidity.


19. Key Financial Ratios

    The following table sets forth the key financial ratios for the periods indicated:


                                                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                   2023                    2022


      Current ratio(1)                                                                                                             8.36                     3.92

    Note:


    (1)     Current ratio is calculated using current assets divided by current liabilities as of the same date.



    Gearing ratio is calculated using interest-bearing borrowings less bank balances and cash, divided by total equity and
    multiplied by 100%. As at 31 December 2023, the Group was in a net cash position and thus, gearing ratio is not applicable.


20. Significant Investments

    The Group did not make or hold any significant investments (including any investment in an investee company with a value of
    5% or more of the Company’s total assets as at 31 December 2023) during the year ended 31 December 2023.


21. Material Acquisitions and Disposals

    The Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures for the year ended
    31 December 2023.


22. Future Plans for Material Investments or Capital Assets

    The construction and facilities of the Jiashan manufacturing site are nearing completion, and we will continue the equipment
    installation, which is expected to be funded by the Group’s internal resources.


    Except as disclosed in this annual report, the Company has no other future plans for material investments and capital assets.




                                                                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   25
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     23. Pledge of Assets

          As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not have any pledged assets as the pledge of the land for our Jiashan manufacturing
          facility had been released from Jiashan Shanhe (31 December 2022: the land for our Jiashan manufacturing facility pledged to
          Jiashan Shanhe).


     24. Contingent Liabilities

          The Group had no material contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2023.


     25. Foreign Exchange Exposure

          The Company’s functional currency is United States Dollars and the functional currency of the Company’s subsidiaries in
          China is Renminbi. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group mainly operated in China and the majority of the
          transactions were settled in RMB, the same as the functional currency of the operating entities. Our financial assets and
          liabilities are subject to foreign currency risk as a result of certain bank deposits and trade and other payables denominated in
          non-functional currency. Therefore, the fluctuations in the exchange rate of functional currency against non-functional currency
          could affect our results of operations. As at 31 December 2023, except for the bank deposits denominated in foreign
          currencies, the Group did not have significant foreign currency exposure from its operations. We have not entered into any
          hedging transactions to manage the potential fluctuation in foreign currency as at 31 December 2023.


     26. Continuing disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules

          The Company does not have any disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.




26    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                         Report of Directors



The Board of the Company is pleased to present this report of Directors together with the consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the year ended 31 December 2023.


DIRECTORS

The Directors who held office during the year ended 31 December 2023 and up to the Latest Practicable Date are:


Executive Directors

Mr. Wei Fu (傅唯) (Chairman of the Board)
Mr. Yongqing Luo (羅永慶)
Mr. Ian Ying Woo (何穎)
Mr. Xiaofan Zhang (張曉帆) (resigned with effect from 31 March 2023)


Non-Executive Directors

Mr. Yubo Gong (龔聿波) (resigned with effect from 9 February 2024)
Ms. Lan Kang (康嵐) (resigned with effect from 12 January 2024)
Mr. William Ki Chul Cho (曹基哲) (appointed with effect from 12 January 2024)
Mr. Honggang Feng (馮洪剛) (appointed with effect from 9 February 2024)


Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣世東)
Mr. Yifan Li (李軼梵)
Mr. Bo Tan (譚擘) (resigned with effect from 19 January 2023)
Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (徐海音) (appointed with effect from 19 January 2023)


Biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” on pages 60 to 65 of this
annual report.


In accordance with Articles 16.2 and 16.19 of the Article of Association, Mr. William Ki Chul Cho, Mr. Honggang Feng, Mr. Shidong
Jiang, Mr. Yifan Li and Ms. Hoi Yam Chui shall retire at the AGM. All of the above Directors, being eligible, will offer themselves for
re-election at the AGM.




                                                                                        Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    27
     Report of Directors




     CHANGES IN DIRECTOR’S INFORMATION

     Changes in Director’s information since the last published interim report is set out below pursuant to Rule 13.51(B) of the Listing
     Rules:


      Name of Director      Details of Change


      Mr. Shidong Jiang     Mr. Jiang resigned from Beijing Astellas Medical Co., Ltd. (北京安斯泰來醫藥有限公司) with effect from
                               15 January 2024.


      Mr. Yifan Li          Mr. Li resigned from Human Horizons Group Inc. with effect from 31 December 2023.


      Ms. Kang Lan          Ms. Kang resigned as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 12 January 2024.


      Mr. William Ki Chul   Mr. Cho was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 12 January 2024.
        Cho


      Mr. Yubo Gong         Mr. Gong resigned as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 9 February 2024.


      Mr. Honggang Feng Mr. Feng was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 9 February 2024.

     Save as disclosed above, the Company is not aware of other changes in the Directors’ information which are required to be
     disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.


     GENERAL INFORMATION

     The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 14 July 2017 as an exempted limited liability company. The Company’s
     Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 9 October 2020.


     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

     We are a biopharmaceutical company that integrates licensing, clinical development and commercialization of potentially novel or
     differentiated therapies to address critical unmet medical needs in Greater China and other emerging Asia Pacific markets.


     RESULTS

     The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in the consolidated statement of comprehensive loss on
     page 96 of this annual report.




28    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                    Report of Directors




BUSINESS REVIEW

A fair review of the business of the Group as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of
Hong Kong), including an analysis of the Group’s financial performance and an indication of likely future developments in the
Group’s business is set out in the sections headed “Chairman’s Statement” and “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this
report. These discussions form part of this report. Events affecting the Company that have occurred since the end of the financial
year is set out in the section headed “Important Events After the Reporting Period” in this report. An account of the Company’s key
relationships with its employees, customers and suppliers and others that have a significant impact on the Company is set out in the
“Environmental, Social and Governance Report” published on the same date as the 2023 annual report.


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The following list is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are beyond its control:


•     the financial position and need for additional capital;


•     uncertain outcomes of clinical development of our drug candidates;


•     its ability to identify, discover or in-license new drug candidates;


•     all material aspects of the research, development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products are heavily regulated;


•     commercialization of our drug candidates;


•     reliance on our business partners and third parties;


•     the patent and other intellectual property protection for our drug candidates; and


•     risks related to industry, business and operations.


However, the above is not an exhaustive list. Investors are advised to make their own judgment or consult their own investment
advisors before making any investment in the Shares.




                                                                                        Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   29
     Report of Directors




     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

     The Group is committed to fulfilling social responsibility, promoting employee benefits and development, protecting the environment
     and giving back to community and achieving sustainable growth.


     For more details, please refer to the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” published on the same date as the 2023
     annual report.


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

     As far as the Board and management are aware, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the relevant laws and
     regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group. For the year ended 31 December 2023, there
     was no material breach of, or non-compliance with, applicable laws and regulations by the Group.


     EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICIES

     As at 31 December 2023, the Group had 432 (2022: 365) employees, 416 based in China, 9 based in the United States, 3 based in
     Singapore, 3 based in Korea and 1 based in Indonesia, including a total of 35 employees with a Ph.D. degree or an M.D. degree.


     The following table sets forth the total number of employees by function as of 31 December 2023:


                                                                                                    Number of
      Function                                                                                     employees                % of total


      Business Development                                                                                    6                1.39%
      Clinical Development                                                                                  60                13.89%
      Commercialization                                                                                    209                48.38%
      Chemistry, Manufacturing, and Controls                                                                65                15.05%
      Discovery                                                                                             31                 7.17%
      Operations and Administrative                                                                         61                14.12%


      Total                                                                                                432                  100%




30    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                      Report of Directors




The remuneration of the employees of the Group comprises salaries, bonuses, social security contributions and other welfare
payments. In accordance with applicable Chinese laws, we have made contributions to social security insurance funds (including
pension plans, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, unemployment insurance and maternity insurance) and housing
funds for our employees.


Employees are important resources for the Group’s sustainable operation and steady development. The Company has formulated
policies related to employees’ remuneration, rights and interests and conducted various staff training, details of which are further set
out in the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” published on the same date as the 2023 annual report.


The Company has also adopted share schemes to provide incentives for the Group’s employees. Please refer to the section headed
“Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plans” and “Post-IPO Share Incentive Plans” on pages 39 to 52 in this report for further details.


The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 was RMB474.9 million, as compared to
RMB853.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2022.


During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group did not experience any significant labour arbitration or litigation or any difficulty
in recruiting employees.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

We have generated revenue from Xerava® in mainland China, Hong Kong and Singapore, Nefecon® in Macau, and Trodelvy® in
Singapore. For the year ended 31 December 2023, revenue from the Group’s three customers accounted for 100% of the Group’s
total revenue and the Group’s largest customer for the year ended 31 December 2023, Keyuan Xinhai (Beijing) Medical Products,
accounted for approximately 73.1% of the Group’s sales.


For the year ended 31 December 2023, purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for approximately 22.4%
(2022: 29.5%) of the Group’s total purchase amount in the same year. The Group’s largest supplier for the year ended 31 December
2023 accounted for approximately 6.1% (2022: 7.9%) of the Group’s total purchase amount for the same year.


None of the Directors, their respective close associates, or any shareholder of the Company who, to the knowledge of the Directors,
owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued capital, has any interest in any of the Group’s five largest suppliers and customers.


During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group did not experience any significant disputes with its customers or suppliers.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the audited consolidated results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years, as extracted
from the audited consolidated financial statements, is set out on page 208 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of
the audited consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                         Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023     31
     Report of Directors




     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman Islands which would
     oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.


     TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

     The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the
     Company’s securities.


     SUBSIDIARIES

     Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.


     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

     Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Company and the Group during the year ended 31 December
     2023 are set out in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.


     SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARES ISSUED

     Details of movements in the share capital of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023 and details of the Shares issued
     during the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in Note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.


     DONATION

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group made charitable donations of approximately RMB15.8 million (2022: nil)


     DEBENTURE ISSUED

     The Group did not issue any debenture during the year ended 31 December 2023.


     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

     Save as disclosed in the sections headed “Pre-IPO Share Incentive Scheme” and “Post-IPO Share Incentive Schemes” as set out
     on pages 39 to 52 in this annual report, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Group, or existed for the year ended
     31 December 2023.




32    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                      Report of Directors




DIVIDENDS

The Board does not recommend the distribution of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2023. No dividend was paid or
declared by the Company or other members of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2022.


No Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividends for the year ended 31 December 2023.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY

Pursuant to the Articles of Association and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every Director shall be indemnified and
secured harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses
which they or any of them may incur or sustain in or about the execution of their duty in their offices.


Such permitted indemnity provision has been in force for the year ended 31 December 2023. The Company has taken out liability
insurance to provide appropriate coverage for the Directors.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

The Company may pay dividends out of the share premium account, retained earnings and any other reserves provided that
immediately following the payment of such dividends, the Company will be in a position to pay off its debts as and when they fall
due in the ordinary course of business.


As at 31 December 2023, the Company had distributable reserves for share premium of RMB13,920,484 (2022: RMB13,817,287).


Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in the
consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 99 and in Note 31 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.


BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

Particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2023 are set out in Notes 26 and 27 to the
consolidated financial statements.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for an initial term of three years with effect
from the Listing Date or the date of their service contracts or until the third annual general meeting of the Company since the Listing
Date or the date of his/her services contracts (whichever is sooner), upon which their service contracts will be automatically renewed
for successive periods of three years. Either party has the right to give not less than three months’ written notice to terminate the
contract.




                                                                                          Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   33
     Report of Directors




     Each of the non-executive Directors has signed a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term of three years with effect
     from the date of his/her letter of appointment, upon which their appointments will be automatically renewed for successive periods
     of three years. Either party has the right to give not less than three months’ written notice to terminate the contract.


     Each of the independent non-executive Directors has signed a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term of three
     years from the date of the letter of appointment unless terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the appointment
     letter or by either party giving to the other not less than three months’ notice in writing.


     The above appointments are always subject to the provisions of retirement and rotation of directors under the Articles of
     Association.


     None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service contract with members of the Group that is
     not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR
     CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

     Save as disclosed in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, none of the Directors nor any entity connected with the
     Directors had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which
     the Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party subsisting during or at the end of the
     year ended 31 December 2023.


     CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS

     CBC Group is the Controlling Shareholder of the Company. Save as disclosed in the Prospectus and in this annual report, to the
     best knowledge and belief of our Directors, CBC Group has no contracts of significance with us apart from their interest in our
     Company.


     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

     No contract, concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company
     was entered into or existed during the year ended 31 December 2023.




34    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                        Report of Directors




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR
ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

As at 31 December 2023, the interests and short positions of the Directors or chief executives of the Company in any of the Shares,
underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:


                                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                               Number of            percentage of             Long position/
  Name of Director                                Capacity/Nature of interest                                       Shares                  holding(6)         Short position


  Mr. Wei Fu(1)                                   Founder of a discretionary trust                          131,103,877                       40.50%             Long position
                                                     who can influence how the
                                                     trustee exercises his discretion
  Mr. Luo Yongqing         (2)
                                                  Beneficial owner                                              8,319,823                       2.57%            Long position
  Mr. Ian Ying Woo        (3)
                                                  Beneficial owner                                              2,043,642                       0.63%            Long position
  Mr. Shidong Jiang(4)                            Beneficial owner                                                  40,000                      0.01%            Long position
  Mr. Yifan Li    (5)
                                                  Beneficial owner                                                  40,000                      0.01%            Long position


Notes:


(1)      The sole shareholder of C-Bridge Investment Everest Limited is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P. while its General Partner is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP II, L.P..
         The General Partner of C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP II, L.P. is C-Bridge Capital GP, Ltd., while TF Capital, Ltd. and TF Capital II, Ltd. (“TF Capital II”) jointly have
         controlling interest in it. Nova Aqua Limited has a controlling interest in TF Capital II. C-Bridge IV Investment Two Limited and C-Bridge IV Investment Nine Limited is
         wholly owned by C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P. (“CBH IV”). The General Partner of CBH IV is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP IV, L.P. which is under the
         management by its General Partner C-Bridge Capital GP IV, Ltd. (“CBC IV”). The controlling shareholder of CBC IV is TF Capital IV Ltd., which is wholly owned by
         Nova Aqua Limited. Everest Management Holding Co., Ltd. is owned as to 78.32% by C-Bridge Joint Value Creation Limited. C-Bridge Joint Value Creation Limited
         is wholly-owned by Nova Aqua Limited. The sole shareholder of C-Bridge IV Investment Sixteen Limited is Nova Aqua Limited. The entire interest in Nova Aqua
         Limited is held by Vistra Trust (Singapore) Pte. Limited as trustee for a trust established by Mr. Wei Fu (as settlor) for the benefit of Mr. Wei Fu and his family.




                                                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023               35
     Report of Directors




     (2)   Mr. Yongqing Luo’s entitlement to receive up to (i) 4,700,000 shares pursuant to the exercise of options with exercise price at HK$10.084 and (ii) 1,559,349 shares
           pursuant to the exercise of options with exercise price at HK$15.632 under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, subject to the conditions of those options. Mr.
           Yongqing Luo is also entitled to receive up to 1,080,000 shares pursuant to the performance target awards granted to him under the Post-IPO Share Award
           Scheme. Details of the options and awards granted to this Director are set out in the section headed “Share Schemes” below.


     (3)   Mr. Ian Ying Woo’s entitlement to receive up to 110,000 Shares and 1,118,078 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options under the Pre-IPO Share Schemes and
           the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme respectively, subject to the conditions of those options. The exercise prices of these options are USD2.26 (up to 110,000
           Shares), HK$72.49 (up to 338,403 Shares) and HK$15.632 (up to 779,675 Shares). Mr. Woo is entitled to receive 83,163 share awards in accordance with the
           conditions of those share awards. Mr. Woo is also entitled to receive up to (i) 333,333 Shares and (ii) 196,479 Shares under Post-IPO Share Award Scheme and
           Pre-IPO ESOP respectively, subject to the conditions of those performance target awards. Details of the options and awards granted to this Director are set out in
           the section headed “Share Schemes” below.


     (4)   Mr. Shidong Jiang’s entitlement to receive up to 40,000 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, subject to the
           conditions of those options. The exercise price of these options are HKD72.49 (up to 20,000 Shares) and HKD23.17 (up to 20,000 Shares). Details of the options
           granted to this Director are set out in the section headed “Share Schemes” below.


     (5)   Mr. Yifan Li’s entitlement to receive up to 40,000 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, subject to the conditions of
           those options. The exercise price of these options are HKD72.49 (up to 20,000 Shares) and HKD23.17 (up to 20,000 Shares). Details of the options granted to this
           Director are set out in the section headed “Share Schemes” below.


     (6)   The calculation is based on the total number of 323,704,720 Shares in issue as at 31 December 2023.



     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, none of the Directors or chief executives of the Company had or was deemed
     to have any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
     corporations.




36     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                            Report of Directors




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 31 December 2023, so far as the Directors are aware, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executives of the
Company) had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to
be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                          Number of       percentage of       Long position/
 Name of Shareholder                           Capacity/Nature of interest            ordinary shares           holding (4)
                                                                                                                              Short position


 VISTRA TRUST (SINGAPORE)                      Trustee and other                         131,103,877             40.50%        Long position
   PTE. LIMITED               (1)


 Nova Aqua Limited (1)                         Interest in a controlled corporation      131,103,877             40.50%        Long position
 TF Capital II Ltd. (1)                        Interest in a controlled corporation       52,777,778             16.30%        Long position
 C-Bridge Capital GP, Ltd.          (1) (2)
                                               Interest in a controlled corporation       52,777,778             16.30%        Long position
 C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP II,               Interest in a controlled corporation       52,777,778             16.30%        Long position
   L.P.   (1)


 C-Bridge Healthcare Fund II,                  Interest in a controlled corporation       52,777,778             16.30%        Long position
   L.P.   (1)


 TF Capital IV, Ltd. (2)                       Interest in a controlled corporation       52,522,482             16.23%        Long position
 C-Bridge Capital GP IV, Ltd.            (1)
                                               Interest in a controlled corporation       52,522,482             16.23%        Long position
 C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP IV,               Interest in a controlled corporation       52,522,482             16.23%        Long position
   L.P.   (1)


 C-Bridge Healthcare                           Interest in a controlled corporation       52,522,482             16.23%        Long position
   Fund IV, L.P.            (1)


 C-Bridge IV Investment Two                    Beneficial owner                           37,244,704             11.51%        Long position
   Limited      (1)


 C-Bridge Investment Everest                   Beneficial owner                           50,000,000             15.45%        Long position
   Limited      (1)


 Dan Yang (2)                                  Interest in a controlled corporation       50,000,000             15.45%        Long position
 Kang Hua Investment Company                   Interest in a controlled corporation       50,000,000             15.45%        Long position
   Limited      (2)


 C-Bridge Joint Value Creation                 Interest in a controlled corporation       22,425,617              6.93%        Long position
   Limited (1)
 Everest Management Holding                    Beneficial owner                           22,425,617              6.93%        Long position
   Co., Ltd.          (1)




                                                                                                Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   37
     Report of Directors




     Notes:


     (1)      The sole shareholder of C-Bridge Investment Everest Limited is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P. while its General Partner is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP II, L.P..
              The General Partner of C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP II, L.P. is C-Bridge Capital GP, Ltd., while TF Capital, Ltd. and TF Capital II jointly have controlling interest in it.
              Nova Aqua Limited has a controlling interest in TF Capital II. C-Bridge IV Investment Two Limited and C-Bridge IV Investment Nine Limited is wholly owned by CBH
              IV. The General Partner of CBH IV is C-Bridge Healthcare Fund GP IV, L.P., which is under the management by its General Partner CBC IV. The controlling
              shareholder of CBC IV is TF Capital IV Ltd. which is wholly owned by Nova Aqua Limited. Everest Management Holding Co., Ltd. is owned as to 78.32% by C-Bridge
              Joint Value Creation Limited. C-Bridge Joint Value Creation Limited is wholly-owned by Nova Aqua Limited. The sole shareholder of C-Bridge IV Investment Sixteen
              Limited is Nova Aqua Limited. The entire interest in Nova Aqua Limited is held by Vistra Trust (Singapore) Pte. Limited as trustee for a trust established by Mr. Wei Fu
              (as settlor) for the benefit of Mr. Wei Fu and his family.


     (2)      TF Capital, Ltd. has controlling interest in C-Bridge Capital GP, Ltd.. Kang Hua Investment Capital Limited has controlling interest in TF Capital, Ltd. Ms. Dan Yang is
              the sole shareholder of Kang Hua Investment Capital Limited.


     (3)      The calculation is based on the total number of 323,704,720 Shares in issue as at 31 December 2023.



     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, based on publicly available information, no other person (other than the
     Directors or chief executives of the Company) had an interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company
     which were required to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were
     required to be entered in the register required to be kept under section 336 of the SFO.


     SHARE SCHEMES

     The Company has four existing share schemes, namely the Pre-IPO MSOP, Pre-IPO ESOP, Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and
     the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme, which were all adopted before the effective date of the new Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules on
     1 January, 2023. The Company has complied, and will continue to comply, with the new Chapter 17 to the extent required by the
     transitional arrangements for the existing share schemes.


     49,536,571 new Shares, representing approximately 15.61% of the weighted average number of Shares for the Reporting Period,
     may be issued in respect of options and awards granted during the Reporting Period to eligible participants pursuant to all of the
     share schemes. The details of each share scheme are set out below.




38     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                 Report of Directors




PRE-IPO SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS

1.   Pre-IPO MSOP

     A summary of the principal terms of the Pre-IPO MSOP is set out below. Further details of the Pre-IPO MSOP are set out in
     the Prospectus and Note 30 to the consolidated financial statements.


     Purpose


     The purpose of the Pre-IPO MSOP is to advance the interests of the Company by providing for the grant to participants of the
     options, and to motivate the selected participants to contribute to the Company’s growth and development. The Pre-IPO
     MSOP, which will be in the form of options, will enable the Company to recruit, incentivize and retain key employees.


     Eligible Participants


     Those eligible to participate in the Pre-IPO MSOP include employees, officers, directors, contractors, advisors or consultants
     of the Group as determined, authorized and notified by the Board or a committee authorized by the Board (the “Pre-IPO
     MSOP Committee”). The Board or the Committee may, from time to time select from among all eligible individuals to whom
     awards in the form of options (“Pre-IPO MSOP Option(s)”) will be granted (“Pre-IPO MSOP Grantee(s)”) and will determine the
     nature and amount of each grant.


     Maximum Number of Shares Available for Grant and Issue under the Pre-IPO MSOP


     The maximum number of Shares in respect of which Pre-IPO MSOP Options may be granted under the Pre-IPO MSOP shall
     not exceed 5,048,779 Shares in the aggregate, subject to any adjustments in the event of any alteration in the capital
     structure of the Company.


     Given that no further Pre-IPO MSOP Options would be granted after the Listing, 0 Shares were available for grant under the
     Pre-IPO MSOP as at 1 January 2023 and 31 December 2023, respectively, and the outstanding number of Pre-IPO MSOP
     Options would be equivalent to the number of Shares available for issue under the Pre-IPO MSOP. As at the Latest
     Practicable Date, outstanding Pre-IPO MSOP Options with 971,951 underlying Shares (representing approximately 0.30% of
     the issued share capital of the Company as at the Latest Practicable Date) were granted to eligible participants pursuant to
     the Pre-IPO MSOP.




                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   39
     Report of Directors




         Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant


         Under the Pre-IPO MSOP, there is no specific limit on the maximum number of Pre-IPO MSOP Options which may be granted
         to a single eligible participant but unvested under the Pre-IPO MSOP.


         No employee shall be granted a Pre-IPO MSOP Option which, if exercised in full, would result in such employee becoming
         entitled to subscribe for an aggregate number of Shares (including all previous Pre-IPO MSOP Options) exceeding 10% of the
         aggregate number of Shares for the time being issued and issuable under the Pre-IPO MSOP.


         Exercise Period


         Unless otherwise specified in the offer letter, any Pre-IPO MSOP Option shall become exercisable upon vesting. The expiry of
         the period within which a Pre-IPO MSOP Option may be exercised, which is to be determined and notified by the Board to
         each grantee at the time of making an offer, and shall not expire later than 10 years from the date of grant.


         Vesting Period


         The vesting criteria and conditions, and the vesting date are specified in the offer letter. Unless otherwise approved by the
         Board and set forth in an offer letter, the vesting schedule for the Pre-IPO MSOP Options shall be a 36-month vesting
         schedule consisting of a cliff vesting of one-third (1/3) after twelve (12) months from the commencement date and thereafter,
         monthly vesting of equal installments over the remaining twenty-four (24) months.


         Exercise Price


         The Board shall be entitled to make an offer to any participant as the Board may in its absolute discretion select to take up
         Pre-IPO MSOP Options in respect of such number of Shares and at any price per Share (the “Strike Price”) as the Board may
         determine. The Strike Price of the Pre-IPO MSOP Options shall be US$0.18, which was determined by the fair value of the
         Shares when the Pre-IPO MSOP was established.


         Remaining Life of the Pre-IPO MSOP


         The remaining life of the Pre-IPO MSOP is approximately 4 years.




40   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                     Report of Directors




     Outstanding Pre-IPO MSOP Options


     As at 31 December 2023, the Company had outstanding Pre-IPO MSOP Options to subscribe for an aggregate of 971,951
     Shares granted to 1 grantee who is a senior management member of the Company. Details of the outstanding Pre-IPO MSOP
     Options during the Reporting Period are as follows:


                                                                                                                                                                     Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                      average
                                                                                                                                                                closing price
                                                                                                                                                                of the Shares
                                                                                                                                                                 immediately
                                                                                           Outstanding    Exercised     Cancelled        Lapsed Outstanding         before the
                                                                                Exercise          as at   during the    during the     during the       as at          date of
                                               Vesting                             Price     1 January    Reporting     Reporting      Reporting 31 December          exercise
       Name                   Date of grant    period      Exercise period         (US$)          2023        Period        Period         Period       2023            (HK$)(2)


       Senior Management/Director
       Mr. Jason Brown      23 November 2017 4 years       4 years from             0.18       971,951            –             –             –       971,951             N/A
                                                             the Listing Date
       Mr. Xiaofan Zhang(1)   6 March 2020     4 years     3 years from             0.18     2,243,902    2,243,902             –             –             0           15.44
                                                             the Listing Date


       Other grantees by category
       Employee Participant 23 November 2017 4 years       3 years from             0.18     1,682,926    1,682,926             –             –             0           24.88
                                                             the Listing Date


       Total                                                                                 4,898,779    3,926,828             –             –       971,951


     Notes:


     (1)       Mr. Xiaofan Zhang resigned as an executive Director with effect from 31 March 2023.


     (2)       This information is in respect of the Pre-IPO MSOP Options exercised during the Reporting Period.



2.   Pre-IPO ESOP

     A summary of the principal terms of the Pre-IPO ESOP is set out below. Further details of the Pre-IPO ESOP are set out in the
     Prospectus.


     Purpose


     The purpose of the Pre-IPO ESOP is to advance the interests of the Company by providing for the grant to participants of the
     Pre-IPO ESOP Awards (defined below), and to motivate the selected participants to contribute to the Company’s growth and
     development. The Pre-IPO ESOP, which will be in the form of Pre-IPO ESOP Options (defined below) and Pre-IPO ESOP RSU
     (defined below), will enable the Company to recruit, incentivize and retain key employees.




                                                                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023                  41
     Report of Directors




         Eligible Participants


         Those eligible to participate in the Pre-IPO ESOP include employees, officers, directors, contractors, advisors or consultants
         of the Group as determined, authorized and notified by the Board or a committee authorized by the Board (the “Pre-IPO
         ESOP Committee”). The Board or the Pre-IPO ESOP Committee may, from time to time select from among all eligible
         individuals (the “Pre-IPO ESOP Participants”) to whom awards (the “Pre-IPO ESOP Award(s)”) in the form of options (the “Pre-
         IPO ESOP Option(s)”) and restricted stock units (the “Pre-IPO ESOP RSU(s)”), will be granted (the “Pre-IPO ESOP Grantee(s)”)
         and will determine the nature and amount of each grant.


         Maximum Number of Shares Available for Grant


         The maximum number of Shares in respect of which Pre-IPO ESOP Awards may be granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP shall
         not exceed 22,932,908 Shares in the aggregate, subject to any adjustments in the event of any alteration in the capital
         structure of the Company. After the Listing, no further Pre-IPO ESOP Options would be granted and only Pre-IPO ESOP
         RSUs would be granted.


         As at 1 January 2023, 5,742,797 Shares were available for grant under the Pre-IPO ESOP. During the Reporting Period,
         3,877,078 Pre-IPO ESOP RSUs were granted to eligible participants pursuant to the Pre-IPO ESOP. It follows that, as at 31
         December 2023, 4,360,099 Shares were available for grant under the Pre-IPO ESOP.


         Maximum Number of Shares Available for Issue


         As at 1 January 2023, 14,040,781 Shares were available for issue under the Pre-IPO ESOP. During the Reporting Period,
         5,999,210 Shares were issued pursuant to the Pre-IPO ESOP. It follows that, as at 31 December 2023 and the Latest
         Practicable Date, 8,041,571 Shares and 7,809,774 Shares (representing approximately 2.41% of the issued share capital of
         the Company as at the Latest Practicable Date) were available for issue under the Pre-IPO ESOP, respectively.


         Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant


         No employee shall be granted a Pre-IPO ESOP Award which, if exercised in full, would result in such employee becoming
         entitled to subscribe for an aggregate number of Shares (including all previous Pre-IPO ESOP Awards) exceeding 10% of the
         aggregate number of Shares for the time being issued and issuable under the Pre-IPO ESOP.




42   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                Report of Directors




Exercise Period


Unless otherwise specified in the offer letter, any Pre-IPO ESOP Option shall become exercisable upon vesting. The expiry of
the period within which a Pre-IPO ESOP Option may be exercised is to be determined and notified by the Board to each
grantee at the time of making an offer, and shall not expire later than 10 years from the date of grant.


Vesting Period


The vesting criteria and conditions, and the vesting date are specified in the award agreement.


Exercise or Purchase Price


The Strike Price of the Pre-IPO ESOP Options and any purchase price for the Pre-IPO ESOP RSUs shall be approved by the
Board and shall be set out in the offer letter. The Strike Price is determined by the fair value of the Shares on the date of grant
of the Pre-IPO ESOP Options.


Amount Payable on Application or Acceptance of the Option or Award and the Period within which Payments or Calls
Must or may be made or Loans for such Purposes must be Repaid


A Pre-IPO ESOP Grantee is not required to pay for the grant of any Pre-IPO ESOP Option. The consideration to be paid (if
any) for each Share subject to a Pre-IPO ESOP RSU is determined by the Board and shall be set forth in the offer letter for
such Pre-IPO ESOP RSUs.


Remaining Life of the Pre-IPO ESOP


The remaining life of the Pre-IPO ESOP is approximately 5 years.




                                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023     43
     Report of Directors




         Outstanding Pre-IPO ESOP Options and RSUs


         As at 31 December 2023, the Company had outstanding Pre-IPO ESOP Options to subscribe for an aggregate of 854,329
         Shares granted to 105 grantees (including Directors, senior management, other connected persons and employees of the
         Company) and unvested Pre-IPO ESOP RSUs representing an aggregate of 2,827,143 Shares granted to 241 grantees
         (including Directors, senior management, other connected persons and employees of the Company). Details of the
         outstanding options and unvested awards under the Pre-IPO ESOP during the Reporting Period are as follows:


         Options


                                                                                                                                                                                Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                 average
                                                                                                                                                                           closing price
                                                                                                                                                                           of the Shares
                                                                                                                                                                            immediately
                                                                                                     Outstanding    Exercised    Cancelled      Lapsed      Outstanding        before the
                                                                                         Exercise           as at   during the   during the   during the           as at          date of
                                                     Vesting                                 price     1 January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    31 December           exercise(6)
           Name                   Date of grant      period        Exercise period          (US$)           2023        Period       Period       Period           2023            (HK$)


           Directors
           Mr. Ian Ying Woo       16 July 2020       4 years(1)    7 years from              2.26        110,000            –            –            –         110,000               N/A
                                                                     the date of grant
           Mr. Xiaofan Zhang(2)   16 July 2020       4 years(1)    7 years from              0.18        110,000      110,000            –            –               0             15.44
                                                                     the date of grant


           Other grantees by category
           Employee Participants Between             4 years      7 years from        0.18–3.24        5,167,495    3,549,675            –      873,491         744,329             19.72
                                    31 December                     the date of grant
                                    2018 and 31 July
                                    2020
           Service Providers      Between            Fully vested 7 years from        0.18–1.21           93,112       93,112            –            –               0             21.68
                                    18 February        at IPO or    the date of grant
                                    2020 and 31 July   offer day
                                    2020


           Total                                                                                       5,480,607    3,752,787            –      873,491         854,329




44   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                                              Report of Directors




RSUs

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        average
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Closing       closing price
                                                                                                                                                                                                     price of             of the
                                                                                                                                                               Fair value                         the Shares             Shares
                                                                                                                                                                    of the                       immediately        immediately
                                                                             Unvested       Granted       Vested    Cancelled      Lapsed         Unvested        awards                              before          before the
                                                                                  as at   during the   during the   during the   during the           as at   at the date                           the date             date of
                                                                Purchase     1 January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    31 December         of grant(3)(7) Performance         of grant(7)         vested(7)
  Name               Date of grant        Vesting period            price         2023        Period       Period       Period       Period           2023           (HK$)             targets          (HK$)             (HK$)


  Directors
  Mr. Ian Ying Woo   3 April 2023         Immediate vesting            nil           –      280,683       28,068       56,136            –         196,479     2,946,610          See Note 4            15.44             23.50
                                            upon achievement
                                            of performance
                                            targets


  Other grantees by category
  Employee            Between            Immediate vesting             nil   2,817,377    3,480,018    2,108,872    1,557,859            –       2,630,664    48,384,825          See Note 5            15.44             21.92
    Participants        18 February 2020   upon achievement
                        and 3 April 2023   of performance
                                           targets in respect
                                           of 1,313,180
                                           awards and
                                           4 years in respect
                                           of the remaining
                                           awards
  Service Providers 3 April 2023         1 year                        nil           –      116,377      109,483        6,894            –               0     1,633,933                None            15.44             23.07


  Total                                                                      2,817,377    3,877,078    2,246,423    1,620,889            –       2,827,143


Notes:


(1)        All options granted were subject to immediate vesting upon Listing.


(2)        Mr. Xiaofan Zhang resigned as an executive Director with effect from 31 March 2023.


(3)        The fair values of the awards are calculated in accordance with the accounting standards and policies adopted for preparing the Company’s financial
           statements. The fair value is determined by reference to the fair value of the equity instrument as at the grant date, considering market performance
           conditions, excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions and the impact of any non-vesting conditions.


(4)        The vesting of 280,683 performance target awards granted to Mr. Ian Ying Woo is subject to the following performance targets: (a) 70% of the performance
           target awards shall vest equally upon the achievement of seven operational targets during the specified periods stipulated in the offer letter. Such operational
           targets relate to the research and development and registration progress of drug candidates of the Group, approval and commercial launch of a product,
           and the achievement of certain revenue targets for a specific product after commercial launch or the achievement of certain financial targets; and (b) 30% of
           the performance target awards shall vest equally upon the achievement of three stock price targets, more specifically by achieving a market capitalization in
           the range of HK$12.5 billion to HK$18.0 billion (equivalent to a stock price target of approximately HK$40.0 to HK$57.6 per Share). The performance period
           for each of the performance targets above is no more than 3 years and the performance targets are expected to be achieved over the 3-year period from
           the date of grant (i.e. 3 April 2023). For further details of the grant of performance target awards to Mr. Ian Ying Woo, please refer to the announcement of
           the Company dated 3 April 2023 and the circular of the Company dated 31 May 2023.




                                                                                                                                        Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023                                               45
     Report of Directors




          (5)    1,064,058 performance target awards were granted to 37 eligible participants and 249,122 performance target awards were granted to 4 connected
                 grantees (being Ms. Min Yu, Mr. Zixin Qiao, Ms. Heasun Park and Ms. Zhengying Zhu) under the Pre-IPO ESOP on 3 April 2023, respectively. In respect of
                 the performance target awards granted to 37 eligible participants, such performance target awards shall become immediately vested upon the achievement
                 of certain operational targets as set out in the relevant offer letter. In respect of the performance target awards granted to Ms. Heasun Park and Ms.
                 Zhengying Zhu, such awards shall become immediately vested upon the achievement of certain operational targets and/or business milestones during the
                 specified period (which will not be more than 3 years) as stipulated in the grant letter. The Company has set different operational targets and business
                 milestones (including but not limited to references to the development of certain products). In respect of the performance target awards granted to Ms. Min
                 Yu and Mr. Zixin Qiao, (a) 70% of the performance target awards shall vest equally upon the achievement of seven operational targets during the specified
                 periods stipulated in the offer letter. Such operational targets relate to the research and development and registration progress of drug candidates of the
                 Group, approval and commercial launch of a product, and the achievement of certain revenue targets for a specific product after commercial launch or the
                 achievement of certain financial targets; and (b) 30% of the performance target awards shall vest equally upon the achievement of three stock price targets,
                 more specifically by achieving a market capitalization in the range of HK$12.5 billion to HK$18.0 billion (equivalent to a stock price target of approximately
                 HK$40.0 to HK$57.6 per Share). The performance period for each of the performance targets above is no more than 3 years and the performance targets
                 are expected to be achieved over the 3-year period from the date of grant (i.e. 3 April 2023). For further details of the performance target awards and other
                 options and awards granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP during the Reporting Period, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 3 April 2023
                 and the circular of the Company dated 31 May 2023.


          (6)    This information is in respect of Pre-IPO ESOP Options exercised during the Reporting Period.


          (7)    This information is in respect of Pre-IPO ESOP RSUs granted or vested during the Reporting Period.


          (8)    No further options have been or would be granted after the Listing.



     POST-IPO SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS

     1.   Post-IPO Share Option Scheme

          A summary of the principal terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is set out below. Further details of the Post-IPO
          Share Option Scheme are set out in the Prospectus.


          Purpose


          The purpose of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is to provide Post-IPO Share Option Scheme Eligible Persons (defined
          below) with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the Company and to encourage the Eligible Person to work
          towards enhancing the value of the Company and the Shares for the benefit of the Company and Shareholders as a whole.
          The Post-IPO Share Option Scheme will provide the Company with a flexible means of retaining, incentivizing, rewarding,
          remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to Post-IPO Share Option Scheme Eligible Persons.


          Eligible Participants


          Any individual, being an employee, director, officer, consultant, advisor, distributor, contractor, customer, supplier, agent,
          business partner, joint venture business partner or service provider of any member of the Group or any of the Group’s affiliates
          who the Board or its delegate(s) considers, in their sole discretion, to have contributed or will contribute to the Group is
          entitled to be offered and granted options (the “Post-IPO Share Option Scheme Eligible Person(s)”).




46    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                         Report of Directors




Maximum Number of Shares Available for Grant


The total number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options (the “Post-IPO Options”) to be granted under
the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Company is 28,369,038, being no more than
10% of the Shares in issue on the date the Shares commence trading on the Stock Exchange (assuming the Over-allotment
Option is not exercised and no Shares are issued under the Share Schemes) (the “Option Scheme Mandate Limit”).


As at 1 January 2023, 21,971,816 Shares were available for grant under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. During the
Reporting Period, 8,920,924 options with underlying 8,920,924 Shares were granted to eligible participants pursuant to the
Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and 4,700,000 options with underlying 4,700,000 Shares granted in 19 September 2022
were approved at the Company’s annual general meeting on 29 June 2023. It follows that, as at 31 December 2023
13,838,180 Shares were available for grant under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.




                                                                             Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   47
     Report of Directors




         Maximum Number of Shares Available for Issue


         As at 1 January 2023, 28,369,038 new Shares were available for issue under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. During the
         Reporting Period, 733,544 new Shares were issued pursuant to the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. It follows that, as at 31
         December 2023 and the Latest Practicable Date, 27,635,494 new Shares and 27,635,494 new Shares (representing
         approximately 8.53% of the issued share capital of the Company as at the Latest Practicable Date) were available for issue
         under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, respectively.


         Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant


         There is no specific maximum entitlement for each Post-IPO Share Option Scheme Eligible Person under the Post-IPO Share
         Option Plan. Unless approved by the Shareholders, the total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the
         options granted and to be granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme(s) of the
         Company to each Post-IPO Share Option Scheme Eligible Person (including both exercised and outstanding options) in any
         12 month period shall not exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue (the “Individual Limit”). Any further grant of options
         to a Post-IPO Share Option Scheme Eligible Person which would result in the aggregate number of Shares issued and to be
         issued upon exercise of all options granted and to be granted to such Post-IPO Share Option Scheme Eligible Person
         (including exercised, canceled and outstanding options) in the 12 month period up to and including the date of such further
         grant exceeding the Individual Limit shall be subject to separate approval of the Shareholders in general meeting (with such
         Eligible Persons and his associates abstaining from voting).


         Exercise Period


         Option period (a period within which an option may be exercised) is to be determined and notified by the Board to each
         grantee at the time of making an offer, and shall not expire later than 10 years from the grant of the option.


         Vesting Period


         The Board or its delegates shall be entitled to make an offer, which shall specify the terms on which the option is to be
         granted. Such terms may include any minimum period(s) for which an option must be held and/or any minimum performance
         target(s) that must be achieved, before the option can be exercised in whole or in part.


         Consideration


         An amount of HK$1.00 is payable by the grantees upon acceptance of the awards granted under the Post-IPO Share Option
         Scheme.




48   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                                                             Report of Directors




Exercise Price


The exercise price of each option will be determined by the Board or its delegate(s). Options, once granted, may be repriced
only in accordance with the applicable requirements of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the grant agreement.


Remaining Life of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme


The remaining life of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is approximately 7 years.


Outstanding Post-IPO Share Options


As at 31 December 2023, the Company had outstanding Post-IPO ESOP Options to subscribe for an aggregate of
13,797,314 Shares granted to 306 grantees (including Directors, senior management, other connected persons of the
Company and other employees of the Company). Details of the outstanding options under the Post-IPO Share Option
Scheme during the Reporting Period are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Closing         average
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   price of closing price
                                                                                                                                                                              Fair value                        the Shares of the Shares
                                                                                                                                                                                  of the                       immediately     immediately
                                                                                       Outstanding      Granted       Exercised    Cancelled      Lapsed      Outstanding     options at                         before the      before the
                                                                            Exercise          as at   during the      during the   during the   during the           as at     the date                             date of         date of
                                          Vesting                              price     1 January    Reporting       Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    31 December        of grant(4)(6) Performance            grant(6)     exercise(6)
 Name               Date of grant         period    Exercise period           (HK$)           2023        Period          Period       Period       Period           2023          (HK$)             targets         (HK$)           (HK$)


 Directors
 Mr. Yongqing Luo   19 September 2022     4 years   7 years from          10.084 and             –     6,259,349(3)           –            –            –       6,259,349     10,991,258              None           15.44              N/A
                      and 3 April 2023                the date of grant       15.632
 Mr. Ian Ying Woo   14 July 2021 and      4 years   7 years from           72.49 and       338,403      779,675               –            –            –       1,118,078      5,495,633              None           15.44              N/A
                      3 April 2023                    the date of grant       15.632
 Mr. Xiaofan        14 July 2021          4 years   7 years from               72.49       338,403              –             –            –      338,403               0           N/A                 N/A            N/A              N/A
   Zhang(1)                                           the date of grant
 Mr. Shidong        14 July 2021 and      1 year    7 years from           72.49 and        40,000              –             –            –            –          40,000           N/A                 N/A            N/A              N/A
   Jiang              1 April 2022                    the date of grant        23.17
 Mr. Yifan Li       14 July 2021 and      1 year    7 years from           72.49 and        40,000              –             –            –            –          40,000           N/A                 N/A            N/A              N/A
                      1 April 2022                    the date of grant        23.17
 Mr. Bo Tan(2)      14 July 2021 and      1 year    7 years from           72.49 and        40,000              –             –            –       40,000               0           N/A                 N/A            N/A              N/A
                      1 April 2022                    the date of grant        23.17


 Other grantees by category
 Employee            Between 6 May 2021   4 years   7 years from            Between      5,600,416     6,581,900        733,544            –    5,108,885       6,339,887     46,067,111              None           15.44             23.70
   Participants        and 3 April 2023               the date of grant   15.632 and
                                                                               72.49


 Total                                                                                   6,397,222    13,620,924        733,544            –    5,487,288      13,797,314




                                                                                                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023                                                49
     Report of Directors




          Notes:

          (1)      Mr. Xiaofan Zhang resigned as an executive Director with effect from 31 March 2023.

          (2)      Mr. Bo Tan resigned as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 19 January 2023.

          (3)      As disclosed in the 2022 Annual Report, 4,700,000 options were conditionally granted on 19 September 2022 and were subject to independent
                   shareholders’ approval. As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 29 June 2023, such grant was approved by the independent
                   Shareholders on the same date. Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 19 September 2022 and 29 June 2023, the circular of the
                   Company dated 31 May 2023 and the 2022 Annual Report for further details.

          (4)      The fair values of the options are calculated in accordance with the accounting standards and policies adopted for preparing the Company’s financial
                   statements. The fair value is determined by reference to the fair value of the equity instrument as at the grant date, considering market performance
                   conditions, excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions and the impact of any non-vesting conditions.

          (5)      For details of the options granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme during the Reporting Period, please refer to the announcements of the
                   Company dated 3 April 2023 and 29 June 2023 and the circular of the Company dated 31 May 2023.

          (6)      This information is in respect of Post-IPO ESOP Options granted or exercised during the Reporting Period.



     2.   Post-IPO Share Award Scheme

          A summary of the principal terms of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme is set out below. Further details of the Post-IPO
          Share Award Scheme are set out in the Prospectus and the circular of the Company dated 24 May 2022.


          Purpose


          The purpose of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme is to align the interests of eligible persons with those of the Group through
          ownership of Shares, dividends and other distributions paid on Shares and/or the increase in value of the Shares, and to
          encourage and retain eligible persons to make contributions to the long-term growth and profits of the Group.


          Eligible Participants


          Any individual, being an employee, director, officer, consultant, adviser, distributor, contractor, customer, supplier, agent,
          business partner, joint venture business partner or service provider of any member of our Group or any affiliate (including
          nominees and/or trustees of any employee benefit trust established for them) who the Board or its delegate(s) considers, in its
          sole discretion, to have contributed or will contribute to our Group is eligible to receive a Post-IPO Award (as defined below).
          However, no individual who is resident in a place where the grant, acceptance or vesting of a Post-IPO Award pursuant to the
          Post-IPO Share Award Scheme is not permitted under the laws and regulations of such place or where, in the view of the
          Board, compliance with applicable laws and regulations in such place makes it necessary or expedient to exclude such
          individual, shall be entitled to participate in the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme.


          Awards


          An award under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme (the “Post-IPO Award”) gives a selected participant a conditional right,
          when the Shares vest, to obtain the Shares or, if in the absolute discretion of the Board or its delegate(s), it is not practicable
          for the selected participant to receive the Post-IPO Award in Shares, the cash equivalent from the sale of the Shares.




50    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                            Report of Directors




Maximum Number of Shares Available for Grant


The Company shall not make any further grant of Award which will result in the aggregate number of Shares underlying all
grants made pursuant to the Scheme (excluding Award Shares that have been forfeited in accordance with the Scheme) to
exceed 18,684,519 Shares (the “Share Award Scheme Limit”) without Shareholders’ approval, subject to an annual limit of
2.5% of the total number of issued Shares at the time.


As at 1 January 2023, 11,198,018 Shares were available for grant under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme. During the
Reporting Period, 3,218,278 awards were granted to eligible participants pursuant to the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme. It
follows that, as at 31 December 2023 and the Latest Practicable Date, 10,104,512 and 10,344,512 Shares were available for
grant under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme, respectively.


Maximum Number of Shares Available for Issue


As of 1 January 2023, 17,077,784 new Shares were available for issue under the Share Award Scheme Limit. During the
Reporting Period, 3,218,278 new Shares were issued pursuant to the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme. It follows that, as at 31
December 2023 and the Latest Practicable Date, 13,859,506 new Shares and 13,839,417 new Shares (representing
approximately 4.27% of the issued share capital of the Company as of the Latest Practicable Date) were available for issue
under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme Limit, respectively.


Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant


Save as otherwise restricted by the Share Award Scheme Limit or the Listing Rules, there shall be no limit on the total number
of non-vested Shares that may be granted to a selected participant under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme.


Vesting Period


The Board or its delegate(s) may from time to time while the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme is in force and subject to all
applicable laws, determine such vesting criteria and conditions or periods for the Award to be vested.


Consideration and Purchase Price


An amount of HK$1.00 is payable by the grantees upon acceptance of the awards granted under the Post-IPO Share Award
Scheme. No purchase price is payable in respect of the Shares issued under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme.


Remaining Life of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme


The remaining life of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme is approximately 7 years.




                                                                                Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   51
     Report of Directors




         Outstanding Post-IPO Awards


         As at 31 December 2023, the Company had unvested Post-IPO Award representing an aggregate of 3,754,994 Shares
         granted to 324 grantees (including Directors, senior management, other connected persons of the Company and other
         employees of the Company). Details of the unvested awards under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  average
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Closing       closing price
                                                                                                                                                                       Fair value                                price      of the Shares
                                                                                    Unvested                                                               Unvested    of awards                        of the Shares        immediately
                                                                                       awards      Granted         Vested    Cancelled      Lapsed           awards        at the                        immediately            before the
                                                                                         as at   during the     during the   during the   during the           as at      date of                           before the             date of
                                                                       Purchase     1 January    Reporting      Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    31 December          grant(3)(4) Performance              grant(4)          vesting(4)
           Name                Date of grant          Vesting period       price         2023        Period         Period       Period       Period           2023         (HK$)             targets           (HK$)                (HK$)


           Directors
           Mr. Yongqing Luo    19 September 2022      1–3 years               nil           –    2,060,474(2)     980,474            –            –       1,080,000          N/A                 N/A               N/A               18.32
           Mr. Ian Ying Woo    14 July 2021–          3–4 years               nil   1,124,744            –        208,248      500,000            –         416,496          N/A                 N/A               N/A               18.23
                                 1 April 2022
           Dr. Kerry Levan     14 July 2021–          3–4 years               nil    480,227              –       480,227            –            –               0          N/A                 N/A               N/A               17.74
             Blanchard           1 April 2022
           Mr. Xiaofan         14 July 2021–          3–4 years               nil   1,124,744             –        41,581    1,083,163            –               0          N/A                 N/A               N/A               15.44
             Zhang(1)            1 April 2022


           Other grantees in category
           Employee              Between 6 May 2021   4 years                 nil   3,150,051    2,102,896      1,507,748    1,486,701            –       2,258,498    29,524,660                N/A             15.44               21.67
             Participants          and 3 April 2023


           Total                                                                    5,879,766    4,163,370      3,218,278    3,069,864            –       3,754,994


         Notes:


         (1)        Mr. Xiaofan Zhang resigned as an executive Director with effect from 31 March 2023.


         (2)        As disclosed in the 2022 Annual Report, 860,474 awards and 1,200,000 performance target awards were conditionally granted on 19 September 2022 and
                    were subject to independent shareholders’ approval. On 3 April 2023, the Board has resolved to amend the vesting schedule of the 1,200,000 performance
                    target awards and the new vesting period and performance targets are as follows: (a) 70% of the performance target awards shall vest equally upon the
                    achievement of seven operational targets during the specified periods stipulated in the offer letter. Such operational targets relate to the research and
                    development and registration progress of drug candidates of the Group, approval and commercial launch of a product, and the achievement of certain
                    revenue targets for a specific product after commercial launch; and (b) 30% of the performance target awards shall vest equally upon the achievement of
                    three stock price targets, more specifically by achieving a market capitalization in the range of HK$12.5 billion to HK$18.0 billion (equivalent to a stock price
                    target of approximately HK$40.0 to HK$57.6 per Share). As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 29 June 2023, such grants were
                    approved by the independent Shareholders on the same date. Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 19 September 2022 and 3 April
                    2023, the circular of the Company dated 31 May 2023 and the 2022 Annual Report for further details.


         (3)        The fair values of the awards are calculated in accordance with the accounting standards and policies adopted for preparing the Company’s financial
                    statements. The fair value is determined by reference to the fair value of the equity instrument as at the grant date, considering market performance
                    conditions, excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions and the impact of any non-vesting conditions.


         (4)        This information is in respect of Post-IPO Awards granted or vested during the Reporting Period.




52   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                     Report of Directors




DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURE

Save as disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2023 was the Company or any of its
subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or
debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or any of their spouse or children under the
age of 18, had any right to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate, or had exercised
any such right.


EMOLUMENT POLICY AND DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

In compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules and the CG Code, the Company established the Remuneration Committee to
formulate remuneration policies. The remuneration is determined and recommended based on each Director’s and senior
management personnel’s qualification, position and seniority. As for the independent non-executive Directors, their remuneration is
determined by the Board upon recommendation from the Remuneration Committee. The Directors and the senior management
personnel are eligible participants of the Share Schemes. Details of the remuneration of the Directors, senior management and the
five highest paid individuals are set out in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.


None of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and there were no emoluments paid by the Group to any of the
Directors or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group, or as compensation for loss of
office.


For the year ended 31 December 2023, the aggregate amount of remuneration (including basic salaries, housing allowances, other
allowances, and benefits in kind, contributions to pension plans and discretionary bonuses) for our Directors was approximately
RMB24.7 million (as set out in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements) including discretionary bonuses of a total sum of
RMB9.1 million.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

During the year ended 31 December 2023, none of our Directors controlled a business similar to principal business of our Group
that competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with our Group’s business, which would require disclosure under
Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                         Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   53
     Report of Directors




     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

     On 3 April 2023, the Company resolved to grant 779,675 options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and 280,683
     performance target awards under the Pre-IPO ESOP to Mr. Ian Ying Woo, an executive Director and chief financial officer of the
     Company, 1,559,349 options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme to Mr. Yongqing Luo, an executive Director and Chief
     Executive Officer of the Company, and 789,983 options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme to 5 employees, each of them
     being a director of a subsidiary of the Company.


     On 3 April 2023, the Company also resolved to grant (i) 135,100 awards under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme to Mr. Yuan
     Gao, Ms. Min Yu, Mr. Zixin Qiao and Ms. Heasun Park, each being a connected person at the subsidiary level; and (ii) 249,122
     performance target awards under the Pre-IPO ESOP to Ms. Min Yu, Mr. Zixin Qiao, Ms. Heasun Park and Ms. Zhengying Zhu, each
     being a director of a subsidiary of the Company. The above grants were approved by independent Shareholders at the annual
     general meeting of the Company on 29 June 2023, granted for, among other terms, nil consideration, and represent the right to
     receive one Share on the date the awards vest.


     The above grants are part of the Company’s remuneration policy. It enables the Company to attract, retain, incentivize, reward and
     remunerate the grantees, and encourage them to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and the Shares for the benefit
     of the Company and Shareholders as a whole.


     For further details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 3 April 2023 and the circular of the Company dated 31
     May 2023.


     CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

     The Group did not enter into any non-exempt continuing connected transactions during the Reporting Period. Details of related
     party transactions of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in Note 34 to the consolidated financial
     statements, none of which constitute “connected transactions” or “continuing connected transactions” under Chapter 14A of the
     Listing Rules for which disclosure is required following the Listing. The Company has complied with the applicable disclosure
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules since the Listing Date.


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any listed securities of the Company during the
     Reporting Period.




54    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                        Report of Directors




MATERIAL LITIGATION

The Company was not involved in any material litigation or arbitration during the year ended 31 December 2023. The Directors are
also not aware of any material litigation or claims that are pending or threatened against the Group during the year ended 31
December 2023.


USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM GLOBAL OFFERING

The Shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on 9 October 2020 with a total of 73,079,000 offer Shares (including Shares issued
as a result of the full exercise of the over-allotment option) issued and the net proceeds raised during the Global Offering were
approximately HK$3,795 million. Save as disclosed in the 2022 Annual Report, there was no change in the intended use of net
proceeds as previously disclosed in the Prospectus in the upcoming 12 months.


Set out below is the status of use of proceeds from the Global Offering as at 31 December 2023.


                                                                        Utilised for the       Unutilised    Utilised for the     Unutilised
                                                                           year ended       amount as at        year ended      amount as at
                                                                         31 December        31 December       31 December       31 December
                                          % of use of   Net proceeds              2022               2022              2023             2023
 Purpose                                   proceeds      (HK$million)     (HK$ million)      (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)


 Funding ongoing and planned clinical          15%              569               118                270               180               90
   trials (including any potential
   clinical studies for new indications
   if appropriate), preparation for
   registration filings and other steps
   or activities related to
   commercialization (including
   provision of scientific and clinical
   support by medical affairs team,
   key opinion leader development,
   strategic planning and market
   access analysis) of eravacycline,
   one of our Core Drug Candidates




                                                                                           Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023       55
     Report of Directors




                                                                              Utilised for the     Unutilised    Utilised for the     Unutilised
                                                                                 year ended      amount as at       year ended      amount as at
                                                                               31 December       31 December      31 December       31 December
                                                % of use of   Net proceeds              2022             2022              2023             2023
     Purpose                                      proceeds     (HK$million)     (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)


     Funding ongoing and planned clinical             15%             569                 97             341                 72             269
       trials (including any potential
       clinical studies for new indications
       if appropriate), preparation for
       registration filings and other steps
       or activities related to
       commercialization (including
       provision of scientific and clinical
       support by medical affairs team,
       key opinion leader development,
       strategic planning and market
       access analysis) of etrasimod, one
       of our Core Drug Candidates


     Funding ongoing and planned clinical             20%             759               344                 –                  –               –
       trials, preparation for registration
       filings and potential
       commercialization of sacituzumab
       govitecan-hziy


     Funding ongoing and planned clinical             10%             380               137              103               103                 –
       trials, preparation for registration
       filings and potential
       commercialization of Nefecon




56   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                 Report of Directors




                                                                                              Utilised for the         Unutilised      Utilised for the         Unutilised
                                                                                                 year ended         amount as at          year ended         amount as at
                                                                                               31 December         31 December          31 December         31 December
                                                        % of use of       Net proceeds                  2022                 2022                2023                 2023
 Purpose                                                  proceeds          (HK$million)        (HK$ million)       (HK$ million)        (HK$ million)       (HK$ million)


 Funding ongoing and planned clinical                          15%                  569                    77                250                  250                     –
    trials, preparation for registration
    filings and potential
    commercialization of other drug
    candidates in our pipeline


 Funding our business development                              15%                  569                     –                    –                   –                    –
    activities and the expansion of our
    drug pipeline. To further expand
    our portfolio, we will continue to
    bring in high value and
    differentiated innovative assets
    with attractive risk-return profiles
    for our four current core
    therapeutic areas


 Working capital and general and                               10%                  380                  147                     –                   –                    –
    administrative purposes


 Total                                                       100%                 3,795                  920                 964                  605                 359


Note:   As disclosed in the 2022 Annual Report, the Company announced on 16 August 2022 that in light of the entry into the termination and transition services agreement
        dated 15 August 2022 (the “Agreement”) and the transactions contemplated thereunder (the “Transaction”) and having considered the prospects that the
        Transaction may bring to the Group and the reasons for and benefits of the Transaction, the Board had reviewed the intended use of the unutilised net proceeds for
        this purpose (being HK$37 million as at 31 July 2022) and resolved to reallocate such amount for working capital and general and administrative purposes in order
        to better allocate and utilize its financial resources and to capture favorable investment opportunities. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the
        Company dated 16 August 2022 and circular of the Company dated 14 October 2022.



The Company expects to gradually apply the remaining unutilized proceeds in accordance with the intended purposes and fully
utilize the proceeds by the second half of 2025. This expected timeline is based on best estimation on future market conditions and
business operations made by the Company, and remains subject to changes based on current and future development of market
conditions and actual business needs.




                                                                                                                 Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023                  57
     Report of Directors




     PUBLIC FLOAT

     Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the Latest
     Practicable Date, the Company had maintained the prescribed percentage of public float under the Listing Rules during the
     Reporting Period.


     AUDITOR

     The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, Certified Public Accountants
     and Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor, who will retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for reappointment at the AGM.


     IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     •       Ms. Lan Kang resigned as a non-executive Director, and Mr. William Ki Chul Cho was appointed as a non-executive Director,
             each with effect from 12 January 2024.


             Mr. Yubo Gong resigned as a non-executive Director, and Mr. Honggang Feng was appointed as a non-executive Director,
             each with effect from 9 February 2024.


             Each Mr. William Ki Chul Cho and Mr. Honggang Feng obtained legal advice from Hong Kong legal advisers on 10 January
             2024 and 7 February 2024, respectively, as required under Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules and confirmed he understood his
             obligations as a director of a listed issuer.


             For further details of the above, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 12 January 2024 and 9 February
             2024.


     •       On 16 February 2024, the Company and Providence entered into a termination agreement (the “Termination Agreement”)
             whereby the parties agreed to terminate the Collaboration and License Agreement, the COVID-19 Vaccines License
             Agreement, and the Share Issuance Agreement (collectively, the “Agreements”) in entirety, effective as of 16 February 2024,
             and any and all obligations of one party to the other party are forever waived, satisfied and extinguished and neither party shall
             have any further obligation, responsibility, liability to each other under the Agreements or any performance of activities
             thereunder. Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, the Company and Providence agreed to set forth new terms under which
             each party may exploit any Collaboration Product and the Company may exploit any Additional Product (including COVID-19
             vaccines).


             For further details of the above, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 19 February 2024.




58       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                Report of Directors




Save as disclosed in this annual report, no important events affecting the Company occurred since the end of the Reporting Period
and up to the Latest Practicable Date.




By the order of the Board
Mr. Wei Fu
Chairman
Hong Kong
27 March 2024




                                                                                    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   59
     Directors and Senior Management



     As at the Latest Practicable Date, the Board consisted of three executive Directors, two non-executive Directors and three
     independent non-executive Directors.


     DIRECTORS

     Executive Directors

     Mr. Wei Fu (傅唯), aged 41, is an executive Director, chairman of the Board, chairperson of the Nomination Committee and
     member of the Remuneration Committee. Mr. Fu was appointed as our Director in July 2017 and was redesignated as an executive
     Director in July 2020. Mr. Fu is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.


     Mr. Fu has served as the chief executive officer and managing director of CBC Group, a healthcare dedicated private equity firm,
     since April 2014. From August 2011 to December 2013, Mr. Fu served as the general manager of the investment department at a
     wholly-owned subsidiary of Far East Horizon Limited, a financial services organization listed on the Stock Exchange (HKEX: 3360).
     From March 2008 to April 2010, Mr. Fu worked as an associate director at Standard Chartered Business Consulting (Beijing) Co.,
     Ltd., where he was mainly responsible for private equity investments in infrastructure projects. From July 2006 to March 2008, Mr.
     Fu worked at Macquarie Capital (Singapore) Pte. Limited, where his last position was as a business analyst. Mr. Fu has been a
     director of I-Mab (NASDAQ: IMAB) since June 2018.


     Mr. Fu received his bachelor’s degree in electrical and electronic engineering from Nanyang Technological University in Singapore in
     February 2005.


     Mr. Yongqing Luo (羅永慶), aged 54, was appointed as an executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company on 19
     September 2022. He is a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Luo has more than 25 years of experience in the
     healthcare industry. Mr. Luo was previously the president and general manager of Greater China of Brii Biosciences Limited (HKEX:
     2137) from 11 September 2020 to 15 September 2022 and its executive director from 30 March 2021 to 15 September 2022, and
     the chief executive officer of a subsidiary of Brii Biosciences Limited, TSB Therapeutics, from December 2021 to 15 September
     2022. From September 2016 to September 2020, he was the global vice president and general manager of China of Gilead
     Sciences, Inc., during which he helped to build Gilead Sciences, Inc.’s presence in China. He led the clinical development, regulatory
     approval process and successful commercial launch of eight innovative products as well as established a unique business model
     encompassing science, commercialization and patient access. Prior to that, he held senior positions in multiple multinational
     pharmaceutical companies including Roche and Novartis.


     Mr. Luo received his medical education from Xiangya School of Medicine, Central-South University, in China and graduated in July
     1992, and then served for three years as a surgeon at St. Luke’s Hospital, Shanghai, from July 1992 to July 1995. He obtained an
     executive master of business administration from China Europe International Business School in China in September 2006.




60    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                        Directors and Senior Management




Mr. Ian Ying Woo (何穎), aged 51, is an executive Director and our president and chief financial officer. Mr. Woo was appointed as
our Director in December 2018 and was re-designated as an executive Director in July 2020. Mr. Woo is also a director of certain
subsidiaries of the Company.


Mr. Woo is an operating partner of CBC Group and served as a managing director of CBC Group from June 2018 to June 2019.
Prior to joining our Company in June 2018, Mr. Woo served as a managing director in the healthcare advisory team at Lazard Frères
& Co. LLC (“LFNY”), a subsidiary of the financial advisory and asset management firm Lazard Ltd (NYSE: LAZ). Mr. Woo joined
LFNY in March 2005 and was based in New York until June 2018, other than from January 2012 to June 2016 during which period
he worked at Lazard Asia (Hong Kong) Limited, LFNY’s Hong Kong office and an SFC licensed corporation. Mr. Woo is an
independent director of Prenetics Global Ltd. (NASDAQ: PRE) since May 2022.


Mr. Woo received his bachelor’s degree in biology from Tufts University in the United States in May 1994, his master’s degree in
cellular, molecular and biomedical studies from the Columbia University Graduate School of Arts and Sciences in the United States
in May 1998 and his master of business administration degree from the Columbia University Graduate School of Business in the
United States in May 2003.


Non-executive Directors

Mr. William Ki Chul Cho (曹基哲), aged 46, was appointed as a non-executive Director on 12 January 2024. He is currently a
Senior Managing Director of CBC Group where he is a member of the Management Committee and helps lead the portfolio
management and private equity investments functions of CBC Group.


Prior to joining CBC Group in 2023, he was the Chief Financial Officer of Zai Lab Limited (stock code: 9688.hk) from March 2018 to
July 2023. Mr. Cho also served as Managing Director and Head of Asia Healthcare Investment Banking at Citigroup from 2011 to
2018. Based in Hong Kong since 2011, Mr. Cho was responsible for healthcare client coverage at Citigroup across the Asia Pacific
region and led many biopharma transactions in China. Prior to this, he was based in the United States, involved in healthcare
investment banking and also spent time in corporate development for a pharmaceutical services company. Mr. Cho started his
career at Ernst & Young LLP as an auditor in the healthcare group.


Mr. Cho obtained his MBA degree from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, his Master degree in Accounting from
the University of Virginia, and his Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from the University of Southern California’s Marshall
School of Business.




                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    61
     Directors and Senior Management




     Mr. Honggang Feng (馮洪剛), aged 59, was appointed as a non-executive Director on 9 February 2024. Mr. Feng has more than
     35 years of experience in the healthcare industry. He is currently a senior advisor of CBC Group where he assists in portfolio
     management and is responsible for the post-investment management.


     He was the president of Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Limited (stock code: 2096.hk) from January 2015 to November 2019, and
     held other leadership positions in Simcere from 1994 to 2007, including as a director of biomedical department, vice president of its
     research institute and as a director of marketing department. From August 2007 to October 2014, Mr. Feng was the general
     manager of Shihuida Pharma Group. Mr. Feng started his career as an internist and an endocrinologist in different hospitals. Mr.
     Feng received his medical education from Yangzhou Medical College (now known as Medical School, Yangzhou University) in 1982
     and obtained a Master of Medicine from China Medical University in 1989.


     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣世東), aged 56, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a member of the Audit
     Committee and Remuneration Committee in September 2020.


     Mr. Jiang has over a decade of experience in the pharmaceutical industry and served as the Head of Sales and Marketing of Beijing
     Astellas Medical Co., Ltd. (北京安斯泰來醫藥有限公司) to oversee both Hospital & Specialty Business Unit and Oncology Business
     Unit from 1 January 2022 to 15 January 2024. He was previously the general manager of Hemony Pharma Co., Ltd., a private
     pharmaceuticals business in China, including in 2017, the chief executive officer of Hisun-Pfizer Pharmaceuticals Ltd., a joint venture
     between Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) and Zhejiang Hisun Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. (SSE: 600267), in 2015, the president of St. Jude
     Medical (Shanghai) Limited, St. Jude Medical, Inc.’s (NYSE: STJ, delisted) Chinese subsidiary, including in 2012, and employed by
     the Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) pharmaceutical group including as general manager for specialty/anti-infectives in 2010 and 2011.


     Mr. Jiang received his bachelor’s degree in power engineering from the Dalian University of Technology in Dalian, China in July
     1989.




62    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                       Directors and Senior Management




Mr. Yifan Li (李軼梵), aged 56, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director, chairperson of the Audit Committee and
member of the Nomination Committee in September 2020.


Mr. Li served as chief financial & investment advisor of Human Horizons Group Inc. between April 2022 to December 2023, and
served as its chief financial officer between April 2021 and March 2022. He served as a vice president of Zhejiang Geely Holding
Group Co., Ltd. from October 2014 to April 2021, a chief financial officer of Sanpower Group Limited from May 2014 to September
2014, and of China Zenix Auto International Limited (NYSE: ZXAIY) from December 2010 to February 2014. Mr. Li has been an
independent non-executive director of Frontage Holdings Corporation (HKEX: 1521) since April 2018 and Xinyuan Property
Management Service (Cayman) Ltd. (HKEX: 1895) since September 2019. He has also been an independent director of Xinyuan
Real Estate Co., Ltd. (NYSE: XIN) since February 2017, Qudian Inc. (NYSE: QD) since October 2017, Sunlands Technology Group
(formerly known as Sunlands Online Education Group) (NYSE: STG) since July 2019, and 36Kr Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: KRKR)
since November 2019. Mr. Li was a director of Zhejiang Qianjiang Motocycle Co., Ltd. (SZSE: 000913) from November 2016 to April
2018. He was an independent director of Heilongjiang Interchina Water Treatment Co., Ltd. (SSE: 600187) from May 2015 to May
2021 and Zhejiang Tiantie Industry Co., Ltd. (SZSE: 300587) from December 2017 to April 2021 and Shanghai International Port
Group Co., Ltd. (SSE: 600018) from September 2015 to September 2021. He was also an independent non-executive director of
ZhongAn Online P & C Insurance Co., Ltd. (HKEX: 6060) from December 2016 to July 2021.


Mr. Li received his bachelor’s degree of economics in world economy from Fudan University in China in July 1989, his master’s
degree in management and administrative sciences from the University of Texas at Dallas in the United States in May 1994 and his
master of business administration from the University of Chicago in the United States in June 2000.


Mr. Li is a certified public accountant in the United States and a chartered global management accountant with the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants.


Ms. Chui Hoi Yam (徐海音) (alias: 徐海瑛) (former name: 徐海英), aged 56, was appointed as an independent non-executive
Director, chairperson of the Remuneration Committee and member of the Audit Committee and Nomination Committee on 19
January 2023.


Ms. Chui was an executive director of China Biotech Services Holdings Limited (中國生物科技服務控股有限公司), a company listed
on the GEM of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8037), from December 2022 to June 2023 and redesignated to be a non-executive
director with effect from 30 June 2023. Previously, she was president of Harbin Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd.* (哈藥集團股份有限
公司) (“Harbin Pharmaceutical”), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600664), from March 2019 to May
2022 and a director of Harbin Pharmaceutical from January 2021 to May 2022, where she was responsible for the overall business
operation. Ms. Chui has previously also worked in China Hewlett-Packard Co., Ltd. and Novartis International. Ms. Chui received her
bachelor’s degree in Economic Administration and master’s degree in Finance from Peking University, the People’s Republic of
China in July 1990 and July 2001, respectively.




                                                                                      Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   63
     Directors and Senior Management




     SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Jason Brown, Ph.D., aged 52, has served as our chief business officer since August 2019. Dr. Brown joined us as our senior
     vice president, business development in July 2017.


     Dr. Brown served as a managing director of CBC Group from October 2016 to July 2018 and now serves as an operating partner of
     CBC Group. From July 2007 to June 2016, Dr. Brown held multiple positions at Thomas, McNerney & Partners, a healthcare
     venture firm that invests in life science and medical technology companies, and his last position held was partner. From June 2003
     to June 2007, Dr. Brown was employed by Forward Ventures, a life science venture capital firm located in San Diego, California, and
     his last position held was associate.


     Dr. Brown received his bachelor’s degree in biochemistry and molecular biology from Purdue University in the United States in May
     1993 and his Ph.D. in biology from the University of California, San Diego in the United States in June 2000.


     Ms. Wei Jennifer Yang, Ph.D (楊煒), aged 55, has served as chief scientific officer since April 2021. Dr. Yang has more than 20
     years of drug discovery and development experience in pharmaceutical companies. Before joining Everest Medicines, Dr. Yang was
     a vice president, head of China Lung Cancer Initiative at Johnson and Johnson from 2019 to 2021.


     Dr. Yang transitioned into this role from Janssen China R&D, where she spent 6 years as a senior director, head of discovery center.
     Prior to Johnson and Johnson, Dr. Yang held various leadership positions at Eli Lilly and Company in Indianapolis from 2002 to
     2010 and Pfizer Oncology in La Jolla from 2010 to 2012. Dr. Yang received her bachelor’s degree from Fudan University in China
     and Ph.D. from Eccles Institute of Human Genetics at University of Utah.


     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

     Ms. Leah Liu (劉栩昕), aged 39, is our joint company secretary and the vice president of corporate affairs, responsible for
     overseeing the compliance affairs in relations to capital markets, public relations, board of directors, and the Stock Exchange.


     Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Liu was chief financial officer of Laekna Therapeutics and head of capital markets at I-Mab
     (NASDAQ: IMAB) where she led financing and capital markets efforts, including listing preparations. Ms. Liu also worked in
     CloudMinds Technology (Hong Kong) Limited and Xtep International Holdings Limited (HKEX: 1368) as the head of capital markets
     and director of investor relations respectively and was the recipient of multiple industry awards. Ms. Liu has extensive experience in
     the financial services and investment industries and held positions at major international investment banks including The Hongkong
     and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, Daiwa Capital Markets Hong Kong Limited and Lazard Ltd.




64    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                       Directors and Senior Management




Ms. Liu received double bachelor’s degrees in biology and international studies and a master’s degree in cellular molecular biology
from The Johns Hopkins University. Ms. Liu also received a master’s degree in corporate governance from Hong Kong Metropolitan
University (formerly known as The Open University of Hong Kong) in 2020. Ms. Liu is an associate member of each of The Hong
Kong Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries) and The Chartered
Governance Institute (formerly known as The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators) in the United Kingdom.


Ms. Yee Wa Lau (劉綺華), aged 51, is our joint company secretary and a director of corporate services of Tricor Services Limited.
She is a chartered secretary, a corporate governance professional and an associate member of both The Hong Kong Chartered
Governance Institute (formerly known as The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries) and The Chartered Governance Institute
(formerly known as The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators) in the United Kingdom. Ms. Lau received her
bachelor’s degree in business administrative management from the University of South Australia.


Ms. Lau has over 20 years of experience in the corporate secretarial field and has been providing professional corporate services to
Hong Kong listed companies as well as multinational, private and offshore companies.


Ms. Lau is currently the named company secretary of several listed companies on the Stock Exchange, including, BAIOO Family
Interactive Limited (HKEX: 2100), Meituan (HKEX: 3690), Transmit Entertainment Limited (HKEX: 1326), Li Auto Inc. (HKEX: 2015),
Zhihu Inc. (HKEX: 2390), KE Holdings Inc. (HKEX: 2423), i-CABLE Communications Limited (HKEX: 1097) and RoboSense
Technology Co., Ltd. (HKEX: 2498).




                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   65
     Corporate Governance Report



     The Board of Directors is pleased to present the corporate governance report for the Company for the year ended 31 December
     2023.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CULTURE

     The Company is committed to ensuring that its affairs are conducted in accordance with high ethical standards. This reflects its
     belief that, in the achievement of its long-term objectives, it is imperative to act with probity, transparency and accountability. By so
     acting, the Company believes that Shareholder wealth will be maximized in the long term and that its employees, those with whom it
     does business and the communities in which it operates will all benefit.


     Corporate governance is the process by which the Board instructs management of the Group to conduct its affairs with a view to
     ensuring that its objectives are met. The Board is committed to maintaining and developing robust corporate governance practices
     that are intended to ensure:


     —       that the interests of those who deal with the Company are safeguarded;


     —       that overall business risk is understood and managed appropriately;


     —       the delivery of high-quality products and services to the satisfaction of customers; and


     —       that high standards of ethics are maintained.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

     The Board is committed to achieve high corporate governance standards. The Board believes that high corporate governance
     standards are essential in providing a framework for the Group to safeguard the interests of Shareholders and to enhance corporate
     value and accountability.


     The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions of the CG Code contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as the
     basis of the Company’s corporate governance practices.




66    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




During the Reporting Period, the Company had complied with all applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code except for the
following deviation:


Code provision C.5.1 of the CG Code stipulates that the board of directors should meet regularly and board meeting should be held
at least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals. Throughout the Reporting Period, the Board conducted three regular
Board meetings. The significant matters related to the Group’s business activities and operations were appropriately addressed
through either thorough reporting, discussions, and resolutions during the three regular Board meetings or by utilizing written
resolutions to facilitate prompt decision-making for commercial purposes. Going forward, the Board will endeavour to comply with
the code provision C.5.1.


The Company will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance with the CG
Code, and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own to regulate all dealings by
Directors and relevant employees in securities of the Company and other matters covered by the Model Code.


Specific enquiry has been made to all the Directors and they have confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code during
the Reporting Period. No incident of non-compliance of the Model Code by the relevant employees has been noted by the Company
for the year ended 31 December 2023.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Company is headed by an effective Board which assumes responsibility for its leadership and control and the collective
responsibility for promoting the Company’s success by directing and supervising the Company’s affairs. Directors take decisions
objectively in the best interests of the Company.


The Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s
business and regularly reviews the contribution required from a Director to perform his responsibilities to the Company and whether
the Director is spending sufficient time performing them that are commensurate with their role and the Board responsibilities.


During the Reporting Period and as at the Latest Practicable Date, the Board comprised three executive Directors, two non-
executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors. The Board includes a balanced composition of executive
Directors and non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) so that there is a strong independent element
on the Board, which would allow it to effectively exercise independent judgement.




                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   67
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD COMPOSITION
     The composition of the Board during the Reporting Period and as at the date of this annual report is as follows:


     Executive Directors

     Mr. Wei Fu (傅唯) (Chairman of the Board)
     Mr. Yongqing Luo (羅永慶) (Chief executive officer)
     Mr. Ian Ying Woo (何穎) (President, Chief financial officer)
     Mr. Xiaofan Zhang (張曉帆) (resigned with effect from 31 March 2023)


     Non-Executive Directors

     Mr. Yubo Gong (龔聿波) (resigned with effect from 9 February 2024)
     Ms. Lan Kang (康嵐) (resigned with effect from 12 January 2024)
     Mr. William Ki Chul Cho (曹基哲) (appointed with effect from 12 January 2024)
     Mr. Honggang Feng (馮洪剛) (appointed with effect from 9 February 2024)


     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Mr. Shidong Jiang (蔣世東)
     Mr. Yifan Li (李軼梵)
     Mr. Bo Tan (譚擘) (resigned with effect from 19 January 2023)
     Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (徐海音) (appointed with effect from 19 January 2023)


     The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” on pages 60 to 65 of
     this annual report.


     None of the members of the Board is related to one another.


     CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
     The positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are held by Mr. Wei Fu and Mr. Yongqing Luo, respectively. The Chairman
     provides leadership and is responsible for the effective functioning and leadership of the Board. The Chief Executive Officer focuses
     on the Company’s business development and the daily management and operations generally. Their respective responsibilities are
     clearly defined and set out in writing.


     BOARD MEETINGS, COMMITTEE MEETINGS AND GENERAL MEETINGS
     Code provision C.5.1 of the CG Code stipulates that board meetings should be held at least four times a year at approximately
     quarterly intervals with active participation of the majority of the Directors, either in person or through electronic means of
     communications.




68    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




During the year ended 31 December 2023, 3 Board meetings and 1 general meeting were held. The significant matters related to the
Group’s business activities and operations were appropriately addressed through either thorough reporting, discussion, and resolution
during the three regular Board meetings or by utilizing written resolutions to facilitate prompt decision-making for commercial purposes.
Throughout the Reporting Period, the Directors were furnished with pertinent information concerning the Company’s operations and
financial performance. Sufficient measures were taken to ensure effective communication among the Directors.


A summary of the attendance record of the Directors at Board meetings and committee meetings during the Reporting Period is set
out in the following table below:


                                                                               Remuneration      Nomination              Audit           General
  Name of Director                                                    Board        Committee     Committee        Committee              Meeting


  Executive Directors:
  Mr. Wei Fu                                                            3/3              1/1             1/1                  –               1/1
  Mr. Yongqing Luo                                                      3/3                –               –                  –               1/1
  Mr. Ian Ying Woo                                                      3/3                –               –                  –               1/1
  Mr. Xiaofan Zhang           (1)
                                                                        1/1                –               –                  –                 –


  Non-executive Directors:
  Mr. Yubo Gong (2)                                                     3/3                –               –                  –               1/1
  Ms. Lan Kang          (3)
                                                                        3/3                –               –                  –               1/1
  Mr. William Ki Chul Cho (4)                                             –                –               –                  –                 –
  Mr. Honggang Feng                 (5)
                                                                          –                –               –                  –                 –


  Independent Non-executive Directors:
  Mr. Shidong Jiang                                                     3/3              1/1               –               2/2                1/1
  Mr. Yifan Li                                                          3/3                –             1/1               2/2                1/1
  Mr. Bo Tan      (6)
                                                                          –                –               –                  –                 –
  Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (7)                                                  3/3              1/1             1/1               2/2                1/1

Notes:


(1)      Mr. Xiaofan Zhang resigned with effect from 31 March 2023.
(2)      Mr. Yubo Gong resigned with effect from 9 February 2024.
(3)      Ms. Lan Kang resigned with effect from 12 January 2024.
(4)      Mr. William Ki Chul Cho was appointed with effect from 12 January 2024.
(5)      Mr. Honggang Feng was appointed with effect from 9 February 2024.
(6)      Mr. Bo Tan resigned with effect from 19 January 2023.
(7)      Ms. Hoi Yam Chui was appointed with effect from 19 January 2023.



Apart from regular Board meetings, the Chairman of the Board also held a meeting with the independent non-executive Directors
without the presence of executive Directors during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   69
     Corporate Governance Report




     INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     During the Reporting Period, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least
     three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board with one of whom possessing appropriate
     professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.


     The Company confirms that the Board has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Shidong
     Jiang, Mr. Yifan Li and Ms. Hoi Yam Chui, an annual confirmation of his/her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing
     Rules, and, having taken into account the factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules in assessing the independence of the
     independent non-executive Directors, the Company considers that each independent non-executive Director to be independent.


     BOARD INDEPENDENCE EVALUATION

     The Board has established mechanisms to ensure independent views and input from any Director are conveyed to the Board. The
     Board includes a balanced composition of executive Directors and non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive
     Directors) so that there is a strong independent element on the Board, which enables it effectively exercise independent judgement.
     External independent professional advice is available as and when required by individual Directors. The Board reviews annually the
     independence of the independent non-executive Directors, including but not limited to assessing the independence of non-executive
     Directors pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Board also evaluates the board composition and its independence with
     reference to the requirements under the Listing Rules.


     APPOINTMENT, RE-ELECTION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

     The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are laid down in the Articles of Association. The
     Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board composition, developing and formulating the relevant procedures for
     nomination and appointment of Directors, monitoring the appointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors and
     assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors.


     Each of the executive Directors, non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors has entered into a service
     agreement or a letter of appointment with the Company, and the term of service for each of them is three years from the date of
     appointment or reappointment. All the Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general meeting.


     At every annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the Directors for the time being, or, if their number is not three or a
     multiple of three, then the number nearest to, but not less than, one-third, shall retire from office by rotation, provided that every
     Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A
     retiring Director shall retain office until the close of the meeting at which he retires and shall be eligible for re-election thereat. The
     Company’s Articles of Association also provides that all Directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall be subject to election by
     Shareholders at the first annual general meeting after appointment. The retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election.




70    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




RESPONSIBILITIES, ACCOUNTABILITIES AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE
BOARD AND MANAGEMENT

The Board assumes responsibility for leadership and control of the Company; and is collectively responsible for directing and
supervising the Company’s affairs.


The Board, directly and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying down strategies
and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance, and ensures that sound internal
control and risk management systems are in place.


All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable
business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. The independent non-
executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of regulatory reporting of the Company and providing a balance in
the Board for bringing effective independent judgement on corporate actions and operations.


All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek independent
professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their duties to the Company.


The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.


The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal control and risk
management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment of
directors and other significant operational matters of the Company. Responsibilities relating to implementing decisions of the Board,
directing and coordinating the daily operation and management of the Company are delegated to the management.


DIRECTORS’ AND OFFICERS’ LIABILITIES INSURANCE

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover for Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect of legal actions against
Directors, officers and senior management of the Company arising out of corporate activities.


BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established three committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, and the Nomination
Committee for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. Each of these committees is established with defined written
terms of reference which deal clearly with their authority and duties. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee, Remuneration
Committee and Nomination Committee are published on the Company’s website and the Stock Exchange’s website and are
available to Shareholders upon request.




                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   71
     Corporate Governance Report




     AUDIT COMMITTEE

     The Company established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules and
     the CG Code. During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee comprised three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr.
     Yifan Li, Mr. Shidong Jiang, Mr. Bo Tan (prior to his resignation on 19 January 2023) and Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (after her appointment
     on 19 January 2023). Mr. Yifan Li (being the independent non-executive Director with the appropriate professional qualifications) is
     the chairman of the Audit Committee.


     The primary duties of the Audit Committee include, without limitation to, the following:


     •       monitoring the integrity of our financial statements, annual reports, accounts, half-yearly reports and our compliance with the
             Listing Rules and legal requirements in relation to financial reporting;


     •       making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of external auditor, approving the
             remuneration and terms of engagement of external auditor, and monitoring the independence and objectivity of external
             auditors and the effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable standards; and


     •       reviewing our financial controls, risk management (including ESG risks) and internal control systems; and dealing with other
             matters that are authorized by the Board.


     During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee met twice to review the Company’s annual results and annual report for the year
     ended 31 December 2022 and the interim results and interim report for the six months ended 30 June 2023. During the meeting,
     the Audit Committee also reviewed the significant issues on the financial reporting, operational and compliance controls, the
     effectiveness of the risk management (including ESG risks) and internal control systems and internal audit function, appointment of
     external auditors and engagement of non-audit services and relevant scope of works, and arrangements for employees to raise
     concerns about possible improprieties.


     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

     The Company established the Remuneration Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing
     Rules and the CG Code. During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee consists of three Directors, namely, Mr. Bo Tan
     (prior to his resignation on 19 January 2023), Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (after her appointment on 19 January 2023), Mr. Wei Fu and Mr.
     Shidong Jiang. Mr. Wei Fu is an executive Director, Ms. Hoi Yam Chui and Mr. Shidong Jiang are independent non-executive
     Directors. Ms. Hoi Yam Chui is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.




72       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include, among other things:


•     making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for the executive Directors and senior
      management remuneration and on the compensation of non-executive Directors;


•     evaluating the performance of Directors and senior management of our Company;


•     reviewing and approving the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and
      objectives;


•     establishing formal and transparent procedures for developing remuneration policy;


•     reviewed and approved matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the listing Rules, in particular regarding to
      vesting period, performance target and clawback mechanism of the grants; and


•     dealing with other matters that are authorized by the Board.


During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee met once. During such meeting, and as well as by way of written
resolutions, the Remuneration Committee reviewed and recommended to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual
executive Directors, senior management and the new Directors appointed during the Reporting Period.


Furthermore, the Remuneration Committee reviewed and approved the grants made under the Company's share schemes during
the Reporting Period. In particular, in respect of the grant of share options and awards to the Directors and specified connected
grantees during the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee considered that such grants with vesting dates which are less
than 12 months to be appropriate as all the previous grants under the same mechanism is consistent with the prior practices of the
Company so that the Company can attract, retain, incentivize, reward and remunerate the grantees and enhance operational
efficiency. For the grant to Mr. Ian Ying Woo, since vesting is subject to the achievement of certain performance targets which aligns
the interests of the grantee with that of the Company and the Shareholders, reward and provide incentive to the grantee to work
towards success of the Group, and reinforce his commitment to long-term services of the Group, the Remuneration Committee is of
the view that such arrangement is in line with the purpose of the Company's share schemes.


In addition, having considered that the grantees are Directors and senior managers of the Group who will contribute directly to the
overall business performance, sustainable development and/or good corporate governance of the Group, the Remuneration
Committee considered that such grants without performance targets are market competitive, consistent with the Company’s
remuneration policy and align with the purpose of the Company's share schemes.




                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    73
     Corporate Governance Report




     For details of the grants of share options, awards and performance target awards, please refer to the announcement of the
     Company dated 3 April 2023 and the circular of the Company dated 31 May 2023.


     Details of the Directors’ remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in Note 10 to the consolidated financial
     statements.


     The remuneration of the five highest paid individuals (including Directors and senior management) of the Group by band for the year
     ended 31 December 2023 is set out below:


      Remuneration bands (HKD)                                                                                       Number of persons


      HK$8,000,001–HK$8,500,000                                                                                                          1
      HK$9,500,001–HK$10,000,000                                                                                                         1
      HK$12,500,001–HK$13,000,000                                                                                                        1
      HK$20,500,001–HK$21,000,000                                                                                                        1
      HK$34,000,001–HK$34,500,000                                                                                                        1


      Total                                                                                                                              5


     The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including Directors and senior
     management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the Company’s affairs. The remuneration packages of
     executive Directors are also determined with reference to the Company’s performance and profitability, the prevailing market conditions
     and the performance or contribution of each executive Director. The remuneration for the executive Directors comprises basic salary,
     pensions and performance bonus. The remuneration policy for non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors is to
     ensure that non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors are adequately compensated for their efforts and time
     dedicated to the Company’s affairs, including their participation in Board committees. The remuneration for the non executive Directors
     and independent non-executive Directors mainly comprises Director’s fee which is determined with reference to their duties and
     responsibilities by the Board. Individual Directors and senior management have not been involved in deciding their own remuneration.


     NOMINATION COMMITTEE

     The Company established the Nomination Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the CG Code. During the
     Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee consisted of three members, namely, Mr. Wei Fu, Mr. Bo Tan (prior to his resignation
     on 19 January 2023), Ms. Hoi Yam Chui (after her appointment on 19 January 2023) and Mr. Yifan Li. Mr. Wei Fu is an executive
     Director, Mr. Yifan Li and Ms. Hoi Yam Chui are independent non-executive Directors. Mr. Wei Fu is the chairman of the Nomination
     Committee.


     The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment of Directors and
     management of Board succession.




74    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




The primary duties of the Nomination Committee include, among other things:


•     reviewing the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least annually
      and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board composition to complement the Company’s corporate
      strategies;


•     assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors and making recommendations to the Board on matters
      relating to the appointment or reappointment of directors and succession planning for directors, in particular the chairman of
      the Board and the chief executive of the Company; and


•     performing tasks as assigned by the Board from time to time.


During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee met once to review the structure, size and composition of the Board and
the independence of the independent non-executive Directors, the Board Diversity Policy (as defined below) and the Director
Nomination Policy and consider the qualifications of the retiring Directors standing for election at the annual general meeting of the
Company held on 29 June 2023 and by way of written resolutions an to identify and recommend an individual who is suitably
qualified to become a member of the Board.


BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

The Company has adopted a board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) which sets out the approach to achieve diversity of
the Board. The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and sees increasing diversity at the
Board level, including gender diversity, as an essential element in maintaining the Company’s competitive advantage and enhancing
its ability to attract, retain and motivate employees from the widest possible pool of available talent. Pursuant to the Board Diversity
Policy, in reviewing and assessing suitable candidates to serve as a director of the Company, the Nomination Committee should
consider a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional
qualifications, skills, knowledge, and industry and regional experience (the “Measurable Objectives”). Pursuant to the Board Diversity
Policy, the Nomination Committee discusses periodically and when necessary, agrees on the Measurable Objectives for achieving
diversity, including gender diversity, on the Board and recommends them to the Board for adoption.


The Company aims to maintain an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives that are relevant to the Company’s business growth
and is also committed to ensuring that recruitment and selection practices at all levels (from the Board downwards) are appropriately
structured so that a diverse range of candidates are considered.




                                                                                         Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    75
     Corporate Governance Report




     Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Nomination Committee reviews annually the structure, size and composition of the Board
     and where appropriate, makes recommendations on changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy and
     to ensure that the Board maintains a balanced diverse profile. In relation to reviewing and assessing the Board composition, the
     Nomination Committee is committed to diversity at all levels and will consider a number of aspects, including but not limited to
     gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and regional and industry
     experience.


     For the purpose of implementation of the Board Diversity Policy, the following Measurable Objectives were adopted:


     (A)   at least one-third of the members of the Board shall be non-executive Directors or independent non-executive Directors;


     (B)   at least one-third of the members of the Board shall be independent non-executive Directors; and


     (C)   at least one of the members of the Board shall have obtained accounting or other professional qualifications.


     The Board is committed to improving the diversity of the Board and has achieved the above Measurable Objectives since January
     2023 and during the Reporting Period. The Board will continuously monitor the board diversity in annual basis.


     The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness and will discuss
     periodically and, when necessary, agree on specific measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board and recommend
     them to the Board for adoption.




76    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




GENDER DIVERSITY

The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. The following table sets out the gender ratio in the workforce of
the Group, including the Board and senior management as at the Latest Practicable Date:


                                                                                                       Female                  Male


 Board                                                                                                 12.5%                  87.5%
                                                                                                           (1)                     (7)
 Senior Management                                                                                     25.0%                  75.0%
                                                                                                           (1)                     (3)
 Other employees                                                                                       57.0%                  43.0%
                                                                                                         (244)                  (184)


 Overall workforce                                                                                     56.7%                  43.3%
                                                                                                         (245)                  (187)

The Company has been taking, and will continue to take, steps to promote gender diversity at the Board and management levels. In
particular, our chief medical officer and chief scientific officer are female and form part of our senior management team. Going
forward, we will continue to work to enhance gender diversity of the Board.


The Company targets to maintain a Board with female representation, and gender diversity is achieved in respect of the Board. For
the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company maintained an effective Board comprising members of different genders,
professional background and industry experience. As at the date of this annual report, the Board consists of one female and seven
male Directors. It is considered that the current Board composition is well-balanced and appropriate for the business of the
Company. The Nomination Committee will continue to use its best endeavors and on suitable basis to identify and recommend
multiple suitable female candidates to the Board for its consideration on appointment of a Director.


The Company will continue to ensure that there is gender diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior level so that we will have a
pipeline of female senior management and potential successors to our Board in due time to ensure gender diversity of the Board.
Our Group will continue to emphasize training of female talent and providing long-term development opportunities for our female
staff.


The Board had achieved over 50% of female employees of the Group and considers that the above current gender diversity is
satisfactory.


Details on the gender ratio of the Group together with relevant data can be found in the “Environmental, Social and Governance
Report”.




                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    77
     Corporate Governance Report




     DIRECTOR NOMINATION POLICY

     The Company has adopted a director nomination policy (the “Director Nomination Policy”) in accordance with the CG Code. The
     Director Nomination Policy sets out the selection criteria and process and the Board succession planning considerations in relation
     to nomination and appointment of Directors and aims to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of
     perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.


     The Board has delegated its responsibilities and authority for selection and appointment of Directors to the Nomination Committee.


     The Nomination Committee shall identify, consider and recommend to the Board appropriate candidates to serve as Directors and
     to make recommendations to the Shareholders. The ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment of Directors rests with the
     entire Board.


     The Director Nomination Policy sets out the non-exhaustive factors for assessing the suitability and the potential contribution to the
     Board of a proposed candidate, including but not limited to the following:


     •       reputation for integrity;


     •       professional qualifications and skills;


     •       accomplishment and experience in the private education sector;


     •       commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest;


     •       independence of proposed independent non-executive Directors; and


     •       diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional
             experience, skills, knowledge and length of service.


     The Director Nomination Policy also sets out the procedures for the selection and appointment of new Directors and re-election of
     Directors at general meetings.


     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Nomination Committee recommended to the Board the appointment of one new
     independent non-executive Director, namely Ms. Hoi Yam Chui. The appointment was subject to a stringent nomination process in
     accordance with the Director Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy, to ensure the Board possesses the necessary skills,
     experience and knowledge in alignment with the Company’s strategy.


     The Nomination Committee will review the Director Nomination Policy, from time to time and as appropriate, to ensure its
     effectiveness.




78       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION

The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code.


The Board would review the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous professional
development of the Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and
regulatory requirements, compliance with the Model Code and the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in its
Corporate Governance Report.


The Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and
skills. The joint company secretaries of the Company may from time to time and as the circumstances require provide updated
written training materials relating to the roles, functions and duties of a director of a company listed on the Stock Exchange.


DIVIDEND POLICY

The Company has adopted a dividend policy on payment of dividends in accordance with code provision F.1.1 of the CG Code.


The Company does not have any pre-determined dividend payout ratio. According to the dividend policy, payment of dividends
depends on a number of factors, including our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial
condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that our Directors may deem relevant. Dividends may be proposed and/or
declared by the Board during a financial year and any final dividend for a financial year will be subject to the Shareholders’ approval.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31
December 2023.


The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.


The statement of the independent auditor of the Company, PricewaterhouseCoopers, about their reporting responsibilities on the
consolidated financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 88 to 95 of this annual report.


CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS

All Directors should participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills to ensure
their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.




                                                                                         Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    79
     Corporate Governance Report




     Every newly appointed Director should receive formal, comprehensive and tailored induction on the first occasion of his/her
     appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and full awareness of Director’s
     responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.


     Directors should participate in appropriate continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.
     Internally-facilitated briefings for the Directors would be arranged and reading material on relevant topics would be provided to the
     Directors where appropriate. All Directors are encouraged to attend relevant training courses at the Company’s expenses.


     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Directors have attended seminars and training sessions arranged by professional/
     financial institutions, and have read relevant materials relating to regulatory updates, accounting, financial or professional skills and/
     or directors’ duties and responsibilities.


                                                                                                                                  Directors’
       Name of Director                                                                                                             Training


       Executive Directors:
       Mr. Wei Fu                                                                                                                          ✓
       Mr. Yongqing Luo                                                                                                                    ✓
       Mr. Ian Ying Woo                                                                                                                    ✓


       Non-executive Directors:
       Mr. Yubo Gong (1)                                                                                                                   ✓
       Ms. Lan Kang (2)                                                                                                                    ✓
       Mr. William Ki Chul Cho          (3)
                                                                                                                                           ✓
       Mr. Honggang Feng          (4)
                                                                                                                                           ✓


       Independent Non-executive Directors:
       Mr. Shidong Jiang                                                                                                                   ✓
       Mr. Yifan Li                                                                                                                        ✓
       Ms. Hoi Yam Chui                                                                                                                    ✓

     Notes:


     (1)      Mr. Yubo Gong resigned with effect from 9 February 2024.


     (2)      Ms. Lan Kang resigned with effect from 12 January 2024.


     (3)      Mr. William Ki Chul Cho was appointed with effect from 12 January 2024.


     (4)      Mr. Honggang Feng was appointed with effect from 9 February 2024.




80     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITY AND REMUNERATION

The Company appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) as the external auditor for the year ended 31 December 2023. A
statement by PwC about their reporting responsibilities for the financial statements is included in the Independent Auditors’ Report
on pages 88 to 95.


Fees for auditing and non-auditing services provided by PwC for the year ended 31 December 2023 are included in Note 6 to the
consolidated financial statements. There were no non-audit services provided by our external auditor for the year ended 31
December 2023.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the Company’s risk management and internal control systems and reviewing their
effectiveness. The risk management and internal control measures are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to
achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.


All relevant departments in the Company, including but not limited to the finance department, the legal department and the human
resources department conduct internal control assessment regularly to identify risks that potentially impact the business of the
Group and various aspects including key operational and financial processes, regulatory compliance and information security. Self-
evaluation is also conducted annually to confirm that control policies are properly complied with by each department.


The executive committee, in coordination with the senior management of the Company and department heads, assesses the
likelihood of risk occurrence, provide treatment plans, and monitor the risk management progress, and reports to the Audit
Committee and the Board on all findings and the effectiveness of the systems.


The management has reported to the Board and the Audit Committee on the effectiveness of the risk management (including ESG
risks) and internal control systems for the year ended 31 December 2023.


During the Reporting Period, the Board had conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of the risk management (including ESG
risks) and internal control system of the Company and considered the system effective and adequate.




                                                                                      Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   81
     Corporate Governance Report




     RISK MANAGEMENT

     The Company recognizes that risk management is critical to the success of the Group’s business operation. Key operational risks
     faced by the Company include changes in the general market conditions and the regulatory environment of the Chinese and global
     pharmaceutical markets, the ability to develop, manufacture and commercialize the drug candidates, and the ability to compete with
     other pharmaceutical companies. The Company also face various market risks. In particular, the Company is exposed to credit,
     liquidity, interest rate and currency risks that arise in the normal course of the business.


     The Company has adopted a consolidated set of risk management policies which set out a risk management framework to identify,
     assess, evaluate and monitor key risks associated with the strategic objectives on an on-going basis. The Audit Committee, and
     ultimately the Directors, supervise the implementation of risk management policies. Risks identified by management will be analyzed
     on the basis of likelihood and impact, and will be properly followed up and mitigated by the Group and reported to the Directors.


     The following key principles outline the Group’s approach to risk management and internal control:


     •       The executive committee which is comprised of senior management and functional heads will oversee and manage the overall
             risks associated with the business operations, including (i) reviewing and approving the risk management policy to ensure that
             it is consistent with the corporate objectives; (ii) reviewing and approving the corporate risk tolerance; (iii) monitoring the most
             significant risks associated with the business operation and the management’s handling of such risks; (iv) reviewing the
             corporate risk in the light of corporate risk tolerance; and (v) monitoring and ensuring the appropriate application of risk
             management framework across the Group.


     •       The Company’s senior management is responsible for (i) formulating and updating risk management policy and target; (ii)
             reviewing and approving major risk management issues of the Company; (iii) promulgating risk management measures; (iv)
             providing guidance on risk management approach to the relevant departments in the Company; (v) reviewing the relevant
             departments’ reporting on key risks and providing feedbacks; (vi) supervising the implementation of risk management
             measures by the relevant departments; (vii) ensuring that the appropriate structure, processes and competencies are in place
             across the Group; and (viii) reporting to the executive committee on the material risks.


     •       The relevant departments in the Company, including but not limited to the finance department, the legal department and the
             human resources department, are responsible for implementing risk management policy and carrying out day-to-day risk
             management practice. In order to formalize risk management across the Group and set a common level of transparency and
             risk management performance, the relevant departments will (i) gather information about the risks relating to their operation or
             function; (ii) conduct risk assessments, which include the identification, prioritization, measurement and categorization of all
             key risks that could potentially affect their objectives; (iii) prepare a risk management report annually for the chief executive
             officer’s review; (iv) continuously monitor the key risks relating to their operation or function; (v) implement appropriate risk
             responses where necessary; and (vi) develop and maintain an appropriate mechanism to facilitate the application of risk
             management framework.




82       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




The Company considers that the Directors and members of the senior management possess the necessary knowledge and
experience in providing good corporate governance oversight in connection with risk management and internal control. See
“Directors and Senior Management” for details of their qualification and experiences.


INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board is responsible for establishing the internal control system and reviewing its effectiveness. The Company established an
internal control function to develop and maintain an appropriate internal control framework. A dedicated workforce was hired in
January 2021 to build up internal control metrics, which include both entity-level and business process level controls. In addition, an
internal audit function was also established to perform independent monitoring responsibilities.


The Company reviews and enhances the internal control system semi-annually. Below is a summary of the internal control policies,
measures and procedures during the Reporting Period the Company has implemented:


•     The Company has adopted various measures and procedures regarding each aspect of the business operation, which
      includes enhanced risk identification policies and corresponding actions, the establishment of a well-defined authority
      structure with proper segregation of duties, the monitoring of strategic plans and performance, the design of an efficient
      accounting and information system, the control over price sensitive information, as well as the prompt actions and timely
      communication with stakeholders are all integral components in ensuring effective risk management within the Group;


•     The Company provides periodic training about these measures and procedures to the employees as part of the employee
      training program. The internal audit team conducts audit field work to monitor the implementation of the internal control
      policies, reports the weakness identified to the management and Audit Committee and follows up on the rectification actions;


•     Comprehensive trainings were delivered to employees to enhance the execution of internal control procedures, which is
      embedded within business processes so that it functions as an integral part of the overall operation of the Group;


•     The Directors (who are responsible for monitoring the corporate governance of the Group), with help from the legal advisers,
      also periodically review the compliance status with all relevant laws and regulations after the Listing; and


•     The Company has established the Audit Committee which (i) makes recommendations to the Directors on the appointment
      and removal of external auditors; and (ii) reviews the financial statements and renders advice in respect of financial reporting
      as well as oversees internal control procedures of the Group.


The Company has engaged the PRC Legal Advisor to advise us on and keep us abreast with PRC laws and regulations after the
Listing. The Company continues to arrange various trainings to be provided by external legal advisers from time to time when
necessary and/or any appropriate accredited institution to update the Directors, senior management, and relevant employees on the
latest PRC laws and regulations. The Company has in place a whistleblowing policy for employees of the Company (the
“Whistleblowing Policy”) and those who deal with the Company to raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the compliance
officer of the Company (the “Compliance Officer”) about possible improprieties in any matters related to the Company.



                                                                                         Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   83
     Corporate Governance Report




     The Audit Committee has overall responsibility for this policy but has delegated day-to-day responsibility for overseeing and
     implementing it to the Compliance Officer. All employees are encouraged to disclose any frauds of which they become aware and
     the management of Group shall ensure that all employees feel comfortable to raise concerns without fear of reprisals. The
     Whistleblowing Policy is available on the website of the Company.


     The Company has also in place the code of conduct and business ethics to safeguard against corruption and bribery within the
     Company. The Company has an internal reporting channel that is open and available for employees of the Company to report any
     suspected corruption and bribery. Employees can also make anonymous reports to the Compliance Officer, which is responsible for
     investigating the reported incidents and taking appropriate measures. The Company continues to carry out anti-corruption and
     antibribery activities to cultivate a culture of integrity, and actively organizes anti-corruption training and inspections to ensure the
     effectiveness of anti-corruption and anti-bribery. There were no non-compliance cases in relation to bribery and corruption.


     The Group has adopted an information disclosure management system (the “System”) which sets out comprehensive guidelines in
     respect of handling and dissemination of material non-public information (“MNPI”). The Board and senior management of the Group
     are responsible for monitoring and implementing the procedural requirements in the System. Release of MNPI shall be overseen by
     the Board. Except for designated persons, no person of the Group is permitted to disseminate MNPI relating to the Group to any
     external parties and to respond to media or public which may materially affect the trading price or volume of the Shares on the
     market.


     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

     Ms. Leah Liu (劉栩昕) and Ms. Yee Wa Lau (劉綺華) have been appointed as the Company’s joint company secretaries. Ms. Yee Wa
     Lau is a director of corporate services of Tricor Services Limited, a global professional services provider specializing in integrated
     business, corporate and investor services, and assists Ms. Liu in discharging her duties as a joint company secretary of the
     Company.


     All Directors have access to the advice and services of the joint company secretaries on corporate governance and board practices
     and matters. Ms. Liu has been designated as the primary contact person at the Company which would work and communicate with
     Ms. Lau on the Company’s corporate governance and secretarial and administrative matters.


     For the Reporting Period, each of Ms. Liu and Ms. Lau has undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training
     respectively in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.




84    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

Convening of Extraordinary General Meetings (“EGM”) by Shareholders and Putting Forward Proposals
at General Meetings

Pursuant to article 12.3 of the Articles of Association, the Board may, whenever it thinks fit, convene an EGM. EGMs shall also be
convened on the written requisition of any one or more members holding together, as at the date of deposit of the requisition,
shares representing not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company which carry the right of voting at general
meetings of the Company. The written requisition shall be deposited at the principal office of the Company in Hong Kong or, in the
event the Company ceases to have such a principal office, the registered office of the Company, specifying the objects of the
meeting and signed by the requisitionist(s). If the Directors do not within 21 days from the date of deposit of the requisition proceed
duly to convene the meeting to be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionist(s) themselves or any of them representing more
than one-half of the total voting rights of all of them, may convene the general meeting in the same manner, as nearly as possible,
as that in which meetings may be convened by the Directors provided that any meeting so convened shall not be held after the
expiration of three months from the date of deposit of the requisition, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as
a result of the failure of the Directors shall be reimbursed to them by the Company.


Shareholders who wish to put forward proposals at general meetings may achieve so by means of convening an extraordinary
general meeting following the procedures set out in paragraph above.


As regards the procedures for Shareholders to propose a candidate for election as a Director, they are available on the Company’s
website at www.everestmedicines.com.


Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board and Contact Details

For putting forward any enquiries to the Board, Shareholders may send written enquiries to the Company, for the attention of the
Board by mail to 16/F., CITIC Pacific Plaza, 1168 West Nanjing Road, Jing’an District, Shanghai 200041, China. The Company will
not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.


Communication with Shareholders and Investors Relations

The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and investor
understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company endeavours to maintain an ongoing dialogue
with Shareholders and in particular, through annual general meetings and other general meetings. At the forthcoming annual general
meeting, Directors (or their delegates as appropriate) will be available to meet Shareholders and answer their enquiries.




                                                                                         Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    85
     Corporate Governance Report




     To promote effective communication, the Company maintains a website at www.everestmedicines.com, where information and
     updates on the Company’s business developments and operations, financial information, corporate governance practices and other
     information are available for public access.


     Shareholders’ Communication Policy

     The Company has in place a Shareholders’ Communication Policy. The policy aims at promoting effective communication with
     Shareholders and other stakeholders, encouraging Shareholders to engage actively with the Company and enabling Shareholders
     to exercise their rights as Shareholders effectively. The Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’
     Communication Policy and the results were satisfactory.


     The Company has established a number of channels for maintaining an on-going dialogue with its Shareholders as follows:


     (a)   Corporate Communication


           “Corporate Communication” as defined under the Listing Rules refers to any document issued or to be issued by the
           Company for the information or action of holders of any of its securities, including but not limited to the following documents
           of the Company: (a) the Directors’ report, annual accounts together with a copy of the auditor’s report and, where applicable,
           its summary financial report; (b) the interim report and, where applicable, its summary interim report; (c) a notice of meeting; (d)
           a listing document; (e) a circular; and (f) a proxy form. The Corporate Communication of the Company will be published on the
           Stock Exchange’s website (www.hkex.com.hk) in a timely manner as required by the Listing Rules. Corporate Communication
           will be provided to Shareholders and non-registered holders of the Company’s securities in both English and Chinese versions
           or where permitted, in a single language, in a timely manner as required by the Listing Rules.


     (b)   Announcements and Other Documents pursuant to the Listing Rules


           The Company shall publish announcements (on inside information, corporate actions and transactions etc.) and other
           documents (e.g. Memorandum and Articles of Association) on the Stock Exchange’s website in a timely manner in
           accordance with the Listing Rules.


     (c)   Corporate Website


           Any information or documents of the Company posted on the Stock Exchange’s website will also be published on the
           Company’s website (www.everestmedicines.com).




86    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




(d)   Shareholders’ Meetings


      The annual general meeting and other general meetings of the Company are the primary forum for communication between
      the Company and its Shareholders. The Company shall provide Shareholders with relevant information on the resolutions(s)
      proposed at a general meeting in a timely manner in accordance with the Listing Rules. The information provided shall be
      reasonably necessary to enable Shareholders to make an informed decision on the proposed resolution(s). Shareholders are
      encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies to attend and vote at the meetings for and on their behalf
      if they are unable to attend the meetings. Where appropriate or required, the Chairman of the Board and other Board
      members, the chairmen of board committees or their delegates, and the external auditors should attend general meetings of
      the Company to answer Shareholders’ questions (if any).


(e)   Shareholders’ Enquiries


      Enquiries about shareholdings


      Shareholders should direct their enquiries about their shareholdings to the Company’s Hong Kong Share Registrar,
      Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, by Online Feedback at https://www.computershare.com/hk/en/online_
      feedback or calling its hotline at 2862 8555, or going in person to its public counter at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor,
      Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong.


      Enquiries about corporate governance or other matters to be put to the Board and the Company


      The Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries. Shareholders may send written enquiries to the
      Company, for the attention of the Board by mail to 16/F., CITIC Pacific Plaza, 1168 West Nanjing Road, Jing’an District,
      Shanghai 200041, China.


Changes in Constitutional Documents

During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company did not make any changes to its Articles of Association. An up-to-date
version of the Company’s Articles of Association is also available on the Company’s website and the Stock Exchange’s website.




                                                                                      Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   87
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     To the Shareholders of Everest Medicines Limited
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     OPINION

     What we have audited

     The consolidated financial statements of Everest Medicines Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”), which are set
     out on pages 96 to 207, comprise:


     •       the consolidated statement of comprehensive loss for the year ended 31 December 2023;


     •       the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023;


     •       the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 December 2023;


     •       the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended 31 December 2023; and


     •       the notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and other explanatory
             information.


     Our opinion

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at
     31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in
     accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of
     the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.




88       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                  Independent Auditor’s Report




BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those standards
are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.


We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Independence

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including
International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (“IESBA Code”), and we
have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IESBA Code.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:


•     Impairment assessment of intangible assets


•     Accrued service fees due to contract research organizations (“CROs”)




                                                                                         Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   89
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

      Key Audit Matter                                               How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


      Impairment assessment of intangible assets                     Our procedures performed in relation to management’s
                                                                     impairment assessment of intangible assets mainly included
      Refer to Note 2.1(d)(2), Note 4(a) and Note 16 to the          the following:
      consolidated financial statements.
                                                                     •     Understanding, evaluating and testing key controls
      As at 31 December 2023, the Group had intangible assets of           relating to management’s impairment assessment of
      RMB2,343.0 million for in-licenses and acquired in-process           intangible assets, including the significant estimates
      research and development of drug products which are not              and judgements applied;
      ready for use and the amount of such intangible assets were
      significant to the consolidated financial statements. These    •     Assessing the inherent risk of material misstatement by
      intangible assets are subject to impairment assessment               considering the degree of estimation uncertainty and
      annually, or when there are indicators that these intangible         level of other inherent risk factors such as complexity,
      assets might be impaired. The impairment assessment is               subjectivity, changes and susceptibility to management
      based on the recoverable amounts of the cash generating              bias or fraud;
      units to which the intangible assets are related to.
                                                                     •     Assessing the reasonableness of management’s
      Impairment assessment of intangible assets was considered            identification of cash generating units based on the
      a key audit matter because it involved significant                   Group’s accounting policies and business
      management estimates and judgements, including                       arrangements;
      assumptions relating to the expected achievement of drug
      development milestones and the outcome of new drug             •     Inquiring management and inspecting the relevant
      development, revenue growth rate and discount rate.                  supporting documents about the expected
                                                                           achievement of drug development milestones and the
                                                                           outcome of new drug development for each drug
                                                                           candidate;




90   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                           Independent Auditor’s Report




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

 Key Audit Matter               How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


                                •     Evaluating, with the assistance of our valuation
                                      specialist, the appropriateness of the discounted cash
                                      flow model used by management to determine the fair
                                      value of intangible assets in the impairment
                                      assessment and the reasonableness of key
                                      assumptions used, including revenue growth rate and
                                      discount rate by comparing with the Group’s business
                                      plan and market data;


                                •     Performing retrospective review by evaluating the
                                      outcome of prior period forecast to assess the
                                      effectiveness of management’s estimation process;


                                •     Assessing sensitivities over the key assumptions
                                      including revenue growth rate and discount rate in the
                                      discounted cash flow model to consider the sufficiency
                                      of headroom between recoverable amount and
                                      carrying amount of each individual asset;


                                •     Evaluating the adequacy of disclosure of key
                                      assumptions used in the impairment assessment in the
                                      consolidated financial statement.


                                Based on the audit procedures performed, we found
                                management’s estimates and judgements in impairment
                                assessment of intangible assets to be supportable by the
                                available evidence.




                                                  Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   91
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

      Key Audit Matter                                                How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


      Accrued service fees due to contract research                   Our procedures performed in relation to accrued service fees
      organizations (“CROs”)                                          due to CROs mainly included the following:


      Refer to Note 2.1(d)(1), Note 4(b) and Note 28 to the           •     Understanding, evaluating and testing key controls
      consolidated financial statements.                                    relating to management’s measurement of the
                                                                            progress of activities and milestones of services
      As at 31 December 2023, the Group had accrued service                 provided by CROs;
      fees due to third party CROs of RMB10.3 million related to
      the services provided by CROs.                                  •     Inspecting the terms of CRO contracts and testing the
                                                                            reasonableness of management’s measurement of the
      Management applies estimates and judgment in the                      progress of the activities and milestones of services
      measurement of the progress of activities and milestones of           provided by CROs by examining relevant supporting
      services provided by CROs on a contract-by-contract basis,            documents, on a sample basis;
      which is the basis of assessing service fees due to CROs that
      have incurred and therefore should be accrued as at 31          •     Sending confirmations to CROs, on a sample basis, to
      December 2023.                                                        check the information used by management to
                                                                            measure the progress of activities and milestones of
      Accrued service fees due to CROs was considered a key                 services provided by CROs;
      audit matter because significant efforts were spent on
      auditing management’s measurement of the progress of            •     Comparing billings received from and/or payments
      services provided by CROs as the Group engaged multiple               made to CROs subsequently with the year end
      CROs with different contract terms.                                   balances of accrued service fees due to CROs, on a
                                                                            sample basis.


                                                                      Based on the audit procedures performed, we found
                                                                      management’s estimates and judgements in the
                                                                      measurement of the progress of activities and milestones of
                                                                      services provided by CROs to be supportable by the available
                                                                      evidence.




92   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                   Independent Auditor’s Report




OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information
included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge
obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.


If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH
GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and
for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                                                          Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   93
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
     material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report our
     opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other
     person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
     conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or
     error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
     decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


     As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the
     audit. We also:


     •       Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
             design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to
             provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
             resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
             internal control.


     •       Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
             circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


     •       Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
             disclosures made by the directors.


     •       Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
             evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the
             Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
             attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
             inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s
             report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




94       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                     Independent Auditor’s Report




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
      and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves
      fair presentation.


•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the
      Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
      performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear
on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing
so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Jack Li.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong, 27 March 2024




                                                                                             Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   95
     Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss
     (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                 Years ended 31 December
                                                                                Note                    2023             2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


      Revenue                                                                     5                   125,932          12,792
      Cost of revenue                                                             6                   (34,414)          (4,645)


      Gross profit                                                                                     91,518            8,147
      General and administrative expenses                                         6                  (165,155)        (276,547)
      Research and development expenses                                           6                  (540,054)        (809,736)
      Distribution and selling expenses                                           6                  (231,419)        (326,687)
      Other income — net                                                         6,7                   13,175            4,624
      Other (losses)/gains — net                                                  8                  (100,803)       1,143,399


      Operating loss                                                                                 (932,738)        (256,800)
      Finance income — net                                                        9                    84,608           32,887
      Fair value change in financial assets at fair value through
         profit or loss (“FVPL”)                                                  17                      848          (21,748)
      Fair value change in financial instruments issued to investors              24                    2,819            (1,614)


      Loss before income tax                                                                         (844,463)        (247,275)
      Income tax expense                                                          11                        –                (8)


      Loss for the year attributable to the equity holders
        of the Company                                                                               (844,463)        (247,283)


      Other comprehensive income/(loss):
      Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
      Change in foreign currency translation adjustments of the Company’s
         subsidiaries                                                                                  18,130                 –
      Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
      Change in foreign currency translation adjustments of the Company                                79,772         525,243
      Change in fair value of financial assets at fair value through other
         comprehensive loss (“FVOCI”)                                             32                  (42,461)        (768,106)


      Other comprehensive income/(loss)                                                                55,441         (242,863)


      Total comprehensive loss for the year attributable to
        the equity holders of the Company                                                            (789,022)        (490,146)


      Basic loss per share for loss attributable to
        the equity holders of the Company (in RMB)                                13                     (2.70)           (0.83)


      Diluted loss per share for loss attributable to
        the equity holders of the Company (in RMB)                                13                     (2.70)           (0.83)

     (The accompanying notes on pages 103 to 207 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.)




96    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                            Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                               (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                 Note                     2023                    2022
                                                                     RMB’000                  RMB’000


Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                     14                  600,775                  537,317
Right-of-use assets                               15                    83,212                 106,539
Intangible assets                                 16                2,523,716                2,378,477
Investments                                       17                    48,930                  89,242
Other non-current assets                          18                     8,526                  89,021


                                                                    3,265,159                3,200,596


Current assets
Inventories                                       19                    18,944                  11,637
Prepayments and other current assets              22                    89,120               1,745,915
Trade receivables                                 20                    49,858                    5,214
Bank deposits                                     23                1,826,628                1,160,588
Cash and cash equivalents                         23                  523,063                  490,788


                                                                    2,507,613                3,414,142


Total assets                                                        5,772,772                6,614,738


Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Financial instruments issued to investors         24                    28,614                  30,923
Lease liabilities                                 25                    39,996                  59,307
Borrowings                                        26                  429,314                         –
Other non-current liabilities                     27                     6,053                        –


                                                                      503,977                   90,230


Current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                 25                    18,652                  20,327
Trade and other payables                          28                  258,811                  425,617
Borrowings                                        26                    22,664                        –
Other current liabilities                         27                          –                424,081


                                                                      300,127                  870,025


Total liabilities                                                     804,104                  960,255



                                                          Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   97
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                Note                      2023                    2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000                  RMB’000


      Equity
      Equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company
      Share capital                                                               29                       219                        211
      Reserves                                                                    31               13,920,483               13,817,284
      Accumulated deficit                                                                           (9,016,481)             (8,172,018)
      Accumulated other comprehensive income                                      32                    64,447                    9,006


      Total equity                                                                                   4,968,668               5,654,483


      Total equity and liabilities                                                                   5,772,772               6,614,738


     (The accompanying notes on pages 103 to 207 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.)


     The financial statements on pages 96 to 207 were approved by the board of directors on 27 March 2024 and were signed on its
     behalf.




                               Yongqing Luo                                                     Ian Ying Woo
                 Executive Directors, Chief Executive Officer               Executive Director, President & Chief Financial Officer




98    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                               Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                         (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




                                        Share        Capital     Treasury        FVOCI      Exchange Accumulated              Total
                                       capital      reserve        shares       reserve       reserve           deficit      equity
                                     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                     (Note 29)     (Note 31)     (Note 31)     (Note 32)     (Note 32)


 Balance at 1 January 2023                211    13,817,287             (3)    (187,042)      196,048     (8,172,018)     5,654,483


 Comprehensive loss
 Loss for the year                          –             –             –             –             –       (844,463)      (844,463)
 Foreign currency translation               –             –             –             –        97,902                –      97,902


                                            –             –             –             –        97,902       (844,463)      (746,561)


 Transactions with owners in
   their capacity as owners
 Issuance of ordinary shares to
   Share Scheme Trusts                      2             –             (2)           –             –                –            –
 Share-based compensation                   –        73,420             –             –             –                –      73,420
 Change in fair value of
   financial assets at FVOCI                –             –             –       (42,461)            –                –      (42,461)
 Restricted share units vested              –             (4)           4             –             –                –            –
 Exercise of stock options                  6        29,781             –             –             –                –      29,787


                                            8       103,197             2       (42,461)            –                –      60,746


 Balance at 31 December 2023              219    13,920,484             (1)    (229,503)      293,950     (9,016,481)     4,968,668


(The accompanying notes on pages 103 to 207 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.)




                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    99
      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




                                                Share           Capital    Treasury       FVOCI     Exchange    Accumulated         Total
                                                capital        reserve       shares      reserve      reserve         deficit      equity
                                             RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
                                             (Note 29)        (Note 31)    (Note 31)    (Note 32)   (Note 32)


       Balance at 1 January 2022                  202       13,623,367      (58,707)    581,064     (329,195)    (7,924,735)    5,891,996


       Comprehensive loss
       Loss for the year                                –            –            –            –           –       (247,283)     (247,283)
       Foreign currency translation                     –            –            –            –     525,243               –     525,243


                                                        –            –            –            –     525,243       (247,283)     277,960


       Transactions with owners in
         their capacity as owners
       Issuance of ordinary shares to
         Share Scheme Trusts                            5            –            (5)          –           –               –            –
       Issuance of ordinary shares to
         Providence Therapeutics
         Holding Inc. (“Providence”)                    2       40,855            –            –           –               –      40,857
       Restricted share units vested                    –            (2)          2            –           –               –            –
       Exercise of stock options                        3        5,278            –            –           –               –       5,281
       Cancellation of shares                        (1)       (58,706)      58,707            –           –               –            –
       Change in fair value of
         financial assets at FVOCI                      –            –            –     (768,106)          –               –     (768,106)
       Share-based compensation                         –     206,495             –            –           –               –     206,495


                                                        9     193,920        58,704     (768,106)          –               –     (515,473)


       Balance at 31 December 2022                211       13,817,287            (3)   (187,042)    196,048     (8,172,018)    5,654,483


      (The accompanying notes on pages 103 to 207 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.)




100    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                         Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                  (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                     Years ended 31 December
                                                                    Note                     2023                    2022
                                                                                        RMB’000                  RMB’000


Cash flows from operating activities
Loss before income tax                                                                   (844,463)               (247,275)


Adjustments for:
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                        14                    46,422                  13,811
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                  15                    17,200                  26,414
Amortization of intangible assets                                    16                    13,154                    2,547
Fair value change in financial instruments issued to investors       24                    (2,819)                   1,614
Fair value change in financial assets at FVPL                        17                      (848)                 21,748
Share-based compensation                                             30                    73,420                 206,495
Finance income — net                                                  9                   (87,833)                 (38,478)
Unrealized foreign exchange losses                                    8                    28,074                 155,177
Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                9                     3,225                    5,591
Impairment loss of an intangible asset                                8                    51,968                  16,491
Other loss/(gain) on disposal of property, plant and equipment,
  intangible asset and right-of-use assets                            8                     1,430              (1,319,573)
Other income recognized for asset related government grant                                   (142)                       –


Changes in working capital:
— Trade receivables                                                                       (44,644)                  (5,165)
— Prepayments and other current assets                                                     86,602                  (98,120)
— Inventories                                                                              (7,307)                 (11,190)
— Trade and other payables                                                               (116,550)                 70,427
— Amounts due to related parties                                                                 –                    (582)
— Other non-current assets                                                                    619                  15,070
Interest received                                                     9                    13,302                  29,237


Net cash used in operating activities                                                    (769,190)             (1,155,761)




                                                                             Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   101
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                  Years ended 31 December
                                                                                 Note                     2023               2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


       Cash flows from investing activities
       Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                      (117,336)        (355,916)
       Purchase of intangible assets                                                                  (148,614)          (76,827)
       Purchase of bank deposits                                                   23               (3,533,293)       (1,160,588)
       Government grant on purchase of land use right                                                    6,195                   –
       Disposal of bank deposits                                                                     2,964,525                   –
       Disposal of an intangible asset                                             16                1,580,582          564,992
       Disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                            64                314
       Disposal of right-of-use assets                                                                     374                   –


       Net cash generated/(used) in investing activities                                               752,497        (1,028,025)


       Cash flows from financing activities
       Principal elements of lease liabilities                                                         (20,269)          (30,592)
       Payment for borrowings from Jiashan Shanhe                                  27                 (442,930)                  –
       Proceeds from bank borrowings                                               26                  451,460                   –
       Proceeds from exercise of stock options                                     30                   29,787               5,281
       Interests paid for bank loans                                                                     (7,945)                 –


       Net cash generated/(used) in financing activities                                                10,103           (25,311)


       Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                     38,865              59,832


       Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                             32,275        (2,149,265)
       Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                          490,788        2,640,053


       Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                            23                  523,063          490,788


      (The accompanying notes on pages 103 to 207 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.)




102    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




1   GENERAL INFORMATION

    Everest Medicines Limited (the “Company” or “Everest”) was incorporated under the law of Cayman Islands as an exempted
    company with limited liability on 14 July 2017. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”)
    engages primarily in license-in, development and commercialization of innovative therapies in Greater China and other
    emerging Asia Pacific markets.


    The address of the Company’s registered office is PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman KY1-1104, Cayman Islands.


    The Company listed its shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 9 October 2020 (the
    “Listing”).


    As at 31 December 2023, the Company has direct or indirect interests in the following subsidiaries:


                                                                                                 Interests held by
                                      Place of            Date of                                   the Group
                                      incorporation/      incorporation/               Share     At 31 December
     Subsidiaries                     operation           acquisition          capital issued     2023          2022 Principal activities


     Directly held by the Company


     Everest Medicines (US) Limited   The United States   5 September 2017          USD500       100%        100% Business development and
                                        of America                                                                      administrative office


     Everest Medicines (Singapore)    Singapore           22 November 2018   SGD400,000,000      100%        100% International activities
       Pte. Ltd.


     EverNov Medicines Limited        Cayman Islands      14 June 2018           USD50,000      92.86%      92.86% Holding company
       (“EverNov”)


     Everest Medicines II Limited     Cayman Islands      25 November 2019       USD50,000       100%        100% Holding company
       (“Everest II”)(a)




                                                                                           Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023       103
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      1    GENERAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                            Interests held by
                                                 Place of             Date of                                  the Group
                                                 incorporation/       incorporation/               Share     At 31 December
             Subsidiaries                        operation            acquisition          capital issued     2023         2022 Principal activities


             Indirectly held by the Company


             Everstar Therapeutics Limited       Hong Kong            3 January 2018               HKD1      100%       100% Holding company


             EverNov Medicines (HK) Limited      Hong Kong            13 December 2018    USD10,000,000     92.86%     92.86% Holding company


             Everest Medicines II (HK) Limited   Hong Kong            25 November 2019    HKD50,000,000      100%       100% Holding company
               (“Everest II HK”)(a)


             Everest Medicines (Suzhou) Inc(b)   People’s Republic    11 October 2017      USD5,000,000      100%      70.59% Research and development
                                                   of China (“PRC”)                                                                of innovative therapies


             EverID Medicines (Beijing)          PRC                  30 March 2018        USD5,000,000      100%      70.59% Research and development
               Limited (b)
                                                                                                                                   of innovative therapies


             Everstar Medicines (Shanghai)       PRC                  16 April 2018        USD5,000,000      100%      70.59% Research and development
               Limited (b)
                                                                                                                                   of innovative therapies


             Everest Medicines (China)           PRC                  3 April 2020       USD220,000,000      100%      70.59% Research and development
               Co., Ltd. (“Everest China”)(d)                                                                                      of innovative therapies,
                                                                                                                                   and commercialization


             EverNov Medicines                   PRC                  13 February 2019    USD15,000,000     92.86%     92.86% Research and development
               (Zhuhai Hengqin) Limited(c)                                                                                         of innovative therapies


             Everest Medicines Korea, LLC        Korea                7 July 2021        KRW200,000,000      100%       100% International activities




104    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                  (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




1   GENERAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                           Interests held by
                                              Place of                Date of                                                 the Group
                                              incorporation/          incorporation/                         Share         At 31 December
      Subsidiaries                            operation               acquisition                   capital issued           2023         2022 Principal activities


      Indirectly held by the Company (continued)


      EverRNA Medicines (Jiashan)             PRC                     30 May 2022                CNY400,000,000            100%        70.59% Research and development
          Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.(b)                                                                                                             of innovative therapies


      EverRNA Medicines Limited               Cayman Islands          9 March 2022                     USD50,000           100%           100% Holding company


      EverRNA Medicines (Singapore)           Singapore               24 March 2022                    SGD10,000           100%           100% International activities
          Pte. Ltd.


      Everest Medicines (Shanghai)            PRC                     3 March 2023                USD66,000,000            100%                – Research and development
          Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.(c)                                                                                                             of innovative therapies


    Notes:


    (a)      On 25 November 2019, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, the Company acquired Everest II by issuing certain preferred shares which were
             subsequently automatically converted to ordinary shares upon the Company’s consummation of the Listing. Everest II did not qualify as a business under
             IFRS 3, and the purpose of the acquisition of Everest II is to obtain certain licenses held by Everest II. The acquisition of Everest II is considered an acquisition
             of assets in accordance with IFRS 3 Definition of a business. Refer to Note 17(e) for assets acquired.


    (b)      These entities are PRC limited liability companies.


    (c)      These entities are limited liability companies (registered as wholly foreign owned enterprise under PRC law).


    (d)      This entity is a limited liability company (Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan invested, not sole proprietorship).


    (e)      Other than Preferred Shares issued by EverNov as disclosed in Note 24, no debt securities were issued by the Company’s subsidiaries.




                                                                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023                    105
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      2    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES

           The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are set out below. These
           policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.


           2.1 Summary of material accounting policies

                  (a)   Basis of preparation


                        The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and
                        requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance Cap. 622. IFRS Accounting Standards comprise the
                        following authoritative literature:


                        •       IFRS Accounting Standards


                        •       IAS Standards


                        •       Interpretations developed by the IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC Interpretations) or its predecessor
                                body, the Standing Interpretations Committee (SIC Interpretations).


                        The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by
                        the revaluation of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets at fair value through other
                        comprehensive income and financial instruments issued to investors which are carried at fair value through profit
                        or loss.


                        The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. The Group is primarily in
                        the drug candidates research and development phase and has been incurring losses from operations since
                        incorporation. The Group incurred net loss of RMB844,463 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2023
                        (2022: RMB247,283 thousand), and net cash used in operating activities of RMB769,190 thousand for the year
                        ended 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB1,155,761 thousand). The Company obtained funding from external
                        investors in history and the Listing, proceeds from disposal income of an intangible asset and bank borrowings.
                        The directors believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents are sufficient to fund its operating expenses and
                        capital expenditure requirements and meet its payment obligations for the next twelve months from 31 December
                        2023.




106    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    2.1 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

        (a)   Basis of preparation (continued)


              The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires the
              use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise judgment in the process of
              applying the accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where
              assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 4.


              (1)   New standards and interpretations that are effective for the current year


                    The Group has adopted the following standards and amendments for the first time for their annual reporting
                    period commencing 1 January 2023:


                                                                                                                    Effective for
                                                                                                            accounting periods
                     Standards                        Key requirements                                    beginning on or after


                     IFRS 17                          Insurance Contracts                                        1 January 2023
                     Amendments to IAS 1 and          Disclosure of Accounting Policies                          1 January 2023
                        IFRS Practice Statement 2
                     Amendments to IAS 8              Definition of Accounting Estimates                         1 January 2023
                     Amendments to IAS 12             Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities             1 January 2023
                                                         arising from a Single Transaction
                     Amendments to IAS 12             International Tax Reform —                                 1 January 2023
                                                         Pillar Two Model Rules


                    The standards and amendments listed above did not have any impact on the amounts recognised in prior
                    periods and are not expected to significantly affect the current or future periods.




                                                                                    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   107
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      2    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.1 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

                  (a)   Basis of preparation (continued)


                        (2)    New standards and interpretations not yet adopted


                               Certain amendments to accounting standards have been published that are not mandatory for the year
                               ended 31 December 2023 and have not been early adopted by the Group. These amendments are set out
                               below:


                                                                                                                        Effective for
                                                                                                                 accounting periods
                                Standards                       Key requirements                                beginning on or after


                                Amendments to IAS 1             Classification of Liabilities as Current or           1 January 2024
                                                                  Non-current
                                Amendments to IAS 1             Non-current Liabilities with Covenants                1 January 2024
                                Amendments to IFRS 16           Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback               1 January 2024
                                Amendments to IAS 7 and         Supplier Finance Arrangements                         1 January 2024
                                   IFRS 7
                                Amendments to IAS 21            Lack of Exchangeability                               1 January 2025
                                Amendments to IFRS 10           Sale or Contribution of Assets between an           To be determined
                                   and IAS 28                     Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture


                               The Group has already commenced an assessment of the impact of these new or revised standards and
                               amendments, certain of which are relevant to the Group’s operations. According to the preliminary
                               assessment made by the directors, no material impact on the financial performance and positions of the
                               Group is expected when they become effective.




108    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    2.1 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

        (b)   Subsidiaries


              Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls an
              entity where the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and
              has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully
              consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date
              that control ceases.


              Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealized gains on transactions between group companies are
              eliminated. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the
              transferred asset.


              When necessary, amounts reported by subsidiaries have been adjusted to conform with the Group’s accounting
              policies.


              (1)   Business combinations


                    (i)    Business combinations not under common control


                           The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The consideration
                           transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary includes the fair values of the assets transferred, the
                           liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group,
                           any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement and fair value of any pre-
                           existing equity interest in the subsidiaries. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent
                           liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the
                           acquisition date.


                           The Group recognizes any non-controlling interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-by-acquisition
                           basis either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests proportionate share of the acquiree’s net
                           identifiable assets.


                           Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.




                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023      109
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      2    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.1 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

                  (b)   Subsidiaries (continued)


                        (1)    Business combinations (continued)


                               (i)   Business combinations not under common control (continued)


                                     If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s
                                     previously held equity interest in the acquiree is re-measured to fair value at the acquisition date; any
                                     gains or losses arising from such re-measurement are recognized in profit or loss.


                                     Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a
                                     financial liability are subsequently remeasured to fair value, with changes in fair value recognised in
                                     profit or loss.


                                     The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the
                                     acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair
                                     value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts are less than
                                     the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is recognized
                                     directly in the profit or loss as a bargain purchase.




110    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    2.1 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

        (b)   Subsidiaries (continued)


              (1)   Business combinations (continued)


                    (ii)   Changes in ownership interests


                           The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as
                           transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment
                           between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative
                           interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling
                           interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within equity
                           attributable to owners of the Group.


                           When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of
                           control, joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair
                           value, with the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. This fair value becomes the
                           initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an
                           associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other
                           comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly
                           disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in
                           other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.


        (c)   Property, plant and equipment


              Property, plant and equipment include buildings and building improvements, machinery, furniture and fixtures,
              equipments, leasehold improvements and construction-in-progress and are stated at historical cost less
              depreciation and impairment, if any. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the
              acquisition of the items.


              Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate,
              only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost
              of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset
              is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the consolidated statements of
              comprehensive loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.




                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023       111
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      2    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.1 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

                  (c)   Property, plant and equipment (continued)


                        Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs
                        to their residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:


                        — Furniture and fixtures                         3 – 5 years
                        — Equipments                                     3 – 10 years
                        — Machinery                                      5 – 10 years
                        — Buildings and building improvements            10 – 40 years
                        — Leasehold improvements                         Over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life


                        The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting
                        period.


                        An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount
                        is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (Note 2.1(e)).


                        Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
                        recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.


                        Construction-in-progress represents plant under construction and is stated at cost less impairment. This includes
                        cost of construction, equipment and other direct costs. Construction-in-progress is not depreciated until such
                        time as the assets are completed and are ready for operational use.




112    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    2.1 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

        (d)   Intangible assets


              (1)   Research and development expenditures


                    The Group incurs significant costs and efforts on drug candidate research and development activities.
                    Development costs are recognized as assets if they can be directly attributable to a newly developed drug
                    products and all the following can be demonstrated:


                    (i)     the technical feasibility of completing the development project so that it will be available for use or
                            sale;


                    (ii)    the Group’s intention to complete the development project to use or sell it;


                    (iii)   the Group’s ability to use or sell the development project;


                    (iv)    how the development project will generate probable future economic benefits for the Group;


                    (v)     the Group’s availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the
                            development and to use or sell the development project; and


                    (vi)    the ability to measure reliably the expenditures attributable to the development project.


                    The cost of an internally generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditures incurred from the date
                    the asset meets the recognition criteria described above to the date when it is available for use. The costs
                    capitalized in connection with the intangible asset include costs of materials and services used or
                    consumed, employee costs incurred in the creation of the asset and an appropriate portion of relevant
                    overheads. The Group generally considers capitalization criteria for internally generated intangible assets is
                    met when obtaining regulatory approval of new drug license.


                    Capitalized development expenditures are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated
                    economic life of the related drug product. Amortization begins when the asset is available for use.
                    Subsequent to initial recognition, internally generated intangible assets are reported as cost less
                    accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses (if any).




                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   113
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      2    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.1 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

                  (d)   Intangible assets (continued)


                        (1)    Research and development expenditures (continued)


                               Development expenditures not satisfying the above criteria are recognized in profit or loss as incurred and
                               development expenditures previously recognized as an expense are not recognized as an asset in a
                               subsequent period.


                        (2)    In-licenses and In-Process Research and Development (IPR&D)


                               Intangible assets acquired separately are measured at cost on initial recognition.


                               Certain intangible assets are for in-licenses and IPR&D (including rights to develop, manufacture and
                               commercialize drug candidates and rights to use manufacturing know-how and technology), with non-
                               refundable upfront payment, milestone payment and royalty payment. Upfront payment is capitalized when
                               paid. The milestone payment is capitalized as intangible assets when incurred if the payment is due on a
                               verifiable outcome, and is expensed if it is due for the execution of activities or is treated as research and
                               development expenditures following the policy in Note 2.1(d)(1) if the payment is due for outsourced
                               research and development work. Royalty payment is accrued for in line with the underlying sales and
                               recognized as a cost of sales. However, if an IPR&D is acquired in a business combination, it is capitalized
                               as intangible asset measured at fair value at initial recognition. IPR&D acquired is subsequently stated at
                               cost less accumulated amortization and any impairment losses.


                               Research or development expenditures which are related to an IPR&D project acquired separately or in a
                               business combination and incurred after the acquisition of that project, are accounted for in accordance
                               with the capitalization policy in Note 2.1(d)(1).


                               The intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or not ready for use.




114    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    2.1 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

        (d)   Intangible assets (continued)


              (2)   In-licenses and In-Process Research and Development (IPR&D) (continued)


                    (i)    In-licenses and IPR&D not ready for use


                           Intangible assets not ready for use are not amortized but tested for impairment annually either
                           individually or at the cash-generating unit level. The impairment test would compare the recoverable
                           amount of the intangible asset to its carrying value. The estimated life of an intangible asset not ready
                           for use is reviewed annually to determine whether the life assessment continues to be supportable.


                    (ii)   In-licenses and IPR&D that are commercialized


                           Intangible assets that are commercialized are subsequently amortized when ready for use over the
                           estimated economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the
                           intangible asset may be impaired. The amortization period and the amortization method for an
                           intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at each financial year end.


                           The Group amortises intangible assets with a limited useful life, commencing from the date when the
                           product is put into commercial production, using the straight-line method over the following periods:


                           — License                           over the shorter of estimated economic life and 10 years


              (3)   Software


                    Costs incurred to acquire and bring to use of software are capitalized as intangible assets and amortized
                    over their estimated useful lives (generally 3 – 5 years).




                                                                                      Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   115
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      2    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.1 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

                  (e)   Impairment of non-financial assets


                        Intangible assets not ready for use are not subject to amortization and are tested annually for impairment, or more
                        frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. An intangible asset related
                        to in-license and IPR&D that is not ready for use is subject to annual impairment test based on the recoverable
                        amount of the cash generating unit to which the intangible asset is related to. Other non-financial assets including
                        right-of-use assets, property, plant and equipment, in-licenses and IPR&D that are commercialized and other
                        intangible assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
                        carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s
                        carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value
                        less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the
                        lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash
                        inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units).


                        The fair value is estimated using the discounted cash flow approach. Non-financial assets other than goodwill that
                        suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.


                  (f)   Financial instruments issued to investors


                        Financial instruments issued to investors consist of Preferred Shares issued by the Company’s subsidiary,
                        EverNov.


                        EverNov entered into a license agreement with Novartis and issued Convertible Preferred Shares to Novartis
                        accordingly (Note 24). The Preferred Shares issued by EverNov are redeemable upon occurrence of certain future
                        events. The instruments can be converted into ordinary shares of EverNov at any time at the option of the holders
                        or automatically converted into ordinary shares upon occurrence of an initial public offering of EverNov.


                        The Group designated the Preferred Shares as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss.


                        Subsequent to initial recognition, the Preferred Shares are carried at fair value with changes in fair value
                        recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.




116    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    2.1 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

        (g)   Current and deferred income tax


              The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income, based
              on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction, adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities
              attributable to temporary differences and unused tax losses.


              (1)   Current income tax


                    The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted
                    at the end of the reporting period. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with
                    respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and considers whether it
                    is probable that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. The Group measures its tax
                    balances either based on the most likely amount or the expected value, depending on which method
                    provides a better prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.


              (2)   Deferred income tax


                    Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between
                    the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements.
                    However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill.
                    Deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a
                    transaction other than a business combination that, at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting
                    nor taxable profit nor loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.
                    Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively
                    enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax
                    asset is realized or the deferred income tax liability is settled.




                                                                                         Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      2    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.1 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

                  (g)   Current and deferred income tax (continued)


                        (2)    Deferred income tax (continued)


                               Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to
                               utilise those temporary differences and losses.


                               Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying
                               amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the company is able to control the timing
                               of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the
                               foreseeable future.


                               Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
                               assets and liabilities and where the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current tax
                               assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends either
                               to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


                               Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items
                               recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in
                               other comprehensive loss or directly in equity, respectively.


                        (3)    Offsetting


                               Deferred tax assets and liabilities shall be offset if, and only if:


                               (a)   there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets and liabilities, and


                               (b)   the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on
                                     either:


                                     (i)       the same taxable entity, or


                                     (ii)      different taxable entities which intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis,
                                               or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which
                                               significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.




118    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    2.1 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

        (h)   Share-based compensation


              (1)   Equity-settled share-based payment transaction


                    The Company operates restricted share units and stock options plan for the Group’s employees, under
                    which the entity receives services from employees as consideration for equity instruments of the Company.
                    The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of equity instruments is
                    recognized as an expense in the consolidated financial statements. The total amount to be expensed is
                    determined by reference to the fair value of the equity instruments as at the grant date, considering:


                    •     any market performance conditions;


                    •     excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions;


                    •     the impact of any non-vesting conditions (for example, the requirement for employees to serve).


                    The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified
                    vesting conditions are to be satisfied. At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates
                    of the number of stock options that are expected to vest based on the non-marketing vesting and service
                    conditions. It recognizes the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in the consolidated
                    statements of comprehensive loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity. For stock options include a
                    market condition, the transactions are treated as vested irrespective of whether the market condition is
                    satisfied, provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.


                    In addition, in some circumstances employees may provide services in advance of the grant date and
                    therefore the grant date fair value is estimated for the purposes of recognizing the expense during the
                    period between service commencement date and grant date.


                    Where there is any modification of terms and conditions which increases the fair value of the equity
                    instruments granted, the Group includes the incremental fair value in the measurement of the amount
                    recognized for the services received over the remainder of the vesting period. The incremental fair value is
                    the difference between the fair value of the modified equity instrument and that of the original equity
                    instrument, both estimated as at the date of the modification. An expense based on the incremental fair
                    value is recognized over the period from the modification date to the date when the modified equity
                    instruments vest in addition to any amount in respect of the original instrument, which should continue to
                    be recognized over the remainder of the original vesting period.



                                                                                    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      2    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.1 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

                  (h)   Share-based compensation (continued)


                        (2)    Share-based payment transaction among group entities


                               The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiaries
                               undertakings in the Group is treated as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services received,
                               measured by reference to the grant date fair value, is recognized over the vesting period as an increase to
                               investment in subsidiaries undertakings, with a corresponding credit to equity in separate financial
                               statements of the Company.


                  (i)   Revenue Recognition


                        The Group principally derives revenue from sales of drug products. The Group sells majority of drug products to
                        distributors, who in turn sell the drug products within their authorized territories to be sold ultimately to patients.
                        The Group is the principal for in-licensed product sales to customers during the commercialization period and
                        recognizes 100% of product revenue on these sales.


                        For product sales transactions, the Group has a single performance obligation which is to sell the products to its
                        customer. Revenue from sales of drug products is recognised based on the price specified in the contract, net of
                        the estimated compensation and returns. The Group recognizes product revenue at the point in time when the
                        performance obligation under the terms of a contract with the customers is satisfied and control of the drug
                        products has been transferred to the customers.


                        The Group’s contractual arrangements with certain of its distributors contain variable considerations in connection
                        with the price compensation mechanism, fund and storage occupation compensation and other incentives that
                        are offered within contracts between the Group and its customers. The Group estimates the variable
                        consideration in the transaction price using the expected value method to extent that it is highly probable that
                        such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future. The variable consideration not
                        constrained is recognized at the time when the underlying originating sale is recognized. The Group will reassess
                        estimates for variable consideration periodically. If actual results in the future vary from the Group’s estimates, the
                        Group will adjust these estimates, which would affect net product revenue and earnings in the period such
                        variances become known. To date, the variable consideration for above items have not been material.




120    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    2.1 Summary of material accounting policies (continued)

        (i)   Revenue Recognition (continued)


              For a sale of drug products with a right of return, the Group recognises a return liability if the Group expects to
              refund some or all of the consideration received from customers. The Group bases its sales returns allowance on
              actual returns history, estimated customer demand, the distributors’ inventory channels, as well as other factors,
              as appropriate. Any changes from the historical trend rates are considered in determining the current sales return
              allowance. To date, sales returns have not been material.


    2.2 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies

        (a)   Segment reporting


              Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
              operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and
              assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors that make
              strategic decisions.


              During all the years presented, the Group’s chief operating decision maker has been identified as the Chief
              Executive Officer, who reviews consolidated results including operating expenses and operating loss at a
              consolidated level only. The Group has been focusing on research and development of innovative drug
              candidates. Accordingly, the management considers that the Group is operated and managed as a single
              operating segment and hence no segment information is presented.


        (b)   Foreign currency translation


              (1)   Functional and presentation currency


                    Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency
                    of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The
                    Company’s functional currency is United States Dollars (“USD”). As the major operations of the Group are
                    within the PRC, the Group determined to present its consolidated financial statements in RMB (unless
                    otherwise stated).




                                                                                  Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      2    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.2 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (continued)

                  (b)   Foreign currency translation (continued)


                        (2)    Transactions and balances


                               Foreign currency transactions are translated into functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at
                               the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from settlement of such
                               transactions, and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
                               at year-end exchange rates, are generally recognized in the statement of profit or loss. They are deferred in
                               equity if they relate to qualifying cash flow hedges and qualifying net investment hedges or are attributable
                               to part of the net investment in a foreign operation.


                               Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the statement of profit or
                               loss, within finance costs. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the statement of
                               profit or loss on a net basis within other gains/(losses).


                        (3)    Group companies


                               The results and financial position of all the group entities (none of which has the currency of a hyper-
                               inflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated
                               into the presentation currency as follows:


                               (i)     assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing
                                       rate at the date of that statement of financial position;


                               (ii)    income and expenses for each statement of profit or loss and statement of comprehensive income
                                       are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the
                                       cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses
                                       are translated at the dates of the transactions), and


                               (iii)   all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.




122    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    2.2 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (continued)

        (c)   Investments and other financial assets


              (1)   Classification


                    The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:


                    (i)    those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income (“OCI”),
                           or through profit or loss), and


                    (ii)   those to be measured at amortized cost.


                    The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                    contractual terms of the cash flows.


                    For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or OCI. For
                    investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Group has
                    made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at fair
                    value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI).


                    The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those
                    assets changes.


              (2)   Recognition and derecognition


                    Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized on trade-date, the date on which the
                    Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognized when the rights to receive
                    cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred
                    substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.


              (3)   Measurement


                    At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial
                    asset not at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL), transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
                    acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit
                    or loss.


                    Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their
                    cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.




                                                                                    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023     123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      2    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.2 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (continued)

                  (c)   Investments and other financial assets (continued)


                        (3)    Measurement (continued)


                               (i)   Debt instruments


                                     Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for
                                     managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement
                                     categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:


                                     Amortized cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows, where those cash flows
                                     represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at amortized cost. Interest income
                                     from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any
                                     gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognized directly in profit or loss and presented in other
                                     gains/(losses) together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented as
                                     separate line item in the statement of profit or loss.


                                     FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial
                                     assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are
                                     measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through OCI, except for the
                                     recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses
                                     which are recognized in profit or loss. When the financial asset is derecognized, the cumulative gain
                                     or loss previously recognized in OCI is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognized in
                                     other gains/(losses). Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using
                                     the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses are resented in other gains/
                                     (losses) and impairment expenses are presented as separate line item in the statements of profit or
                                     loss.


                                     FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortized cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL. A gain
                                     or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVPL is recognized in profit or loss
                                     and presented net within other gains/(losses) in the period in which it arises.




124    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    2.2 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (continued)

        (c)   Investments and other financial assets (continued)


              (3)   Measurement (continued)


                    (ii)   Equity instruments


                           The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s
                           management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there is
                           no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the
                           derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognized in profit
                           or loss as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.


                           Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in other gains/(losses) in the
                           statement of profit or loss as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on
                           equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.


              (4)   Impairment


                    The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses (“ECL”) associated with its debt
                    instruments carried at amortized cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on
                    whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.


                    For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which requires
                    expected lifetime losses to be recognized from initial recognition of the receivables, see Note 3.1(b) for
                    further details.




                                                                                    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      2    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
           2.2 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (continued)

                  (d)   Prepayments and other current assets


                        Prepayments mainly represent upfront cash payments made to contract research organizations (“CROs”), which
                        are organizations that provide support to the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device industries in the
                        form of research services outsourced on a contract basis and therefore are all classified as current assets. During
                        the ordinary course of business, the Group largely involves services from CROs as a cost-effective solution.


                        Prepayments to CROs are subsequently recorded as research and development expenses in accordance with
                        the progress of services provided by CROs.


                        Other receivables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the
                        effective interest method, less allowance for impairment.


                  (e)   Trade receivables


                        Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional, unless they contain
                        significant financing components when they are recognised at fair value. They are subsequently measured at
                        amortised cost using the effective interest method, less loss allowance.


                        The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
                        expected loss allowance for all trade receivables.


                        The expected loss rates are based on the credit rating of the counterparties in estimating the probability of default
                        of each of the trade receivables occurring within their respective loss assessment time horizon, as well as the loss
                        upon default in each case.


                  (f)   Cash and cash equivalents


                        For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on
                        hand, bank deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid investments with original
                        maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to
                        an insignificant risk of changes in value.




126    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    2.2 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (continued)

        (g)   Trade and other payables


              These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of financial year
              which are unpaid. Trade and other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within
              12 months after the reporting period. They are recognized initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at
              amortized cost using the effective interest method.


        (h)   Borrowings


              Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
              measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption
              amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method. Fees
              paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is
              probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down
              occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down,
              the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it
              relates.


              Borrowings are removed from the statement of financial position when the obligation specified in the contract is
              discharged, cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been
              extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets transferred
              or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as finance costs.


              Where the terms of a financial liability are renegotiated and the entity issues equity instruments to a creditor to
              extinguish all or part of the liability (debt for equity swap), a gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss, which is
              measured as the difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability and the fair value of the equity
              instruments issued.


              Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of
              the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.




                                                                                      Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023     127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      2    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.2 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (continued)

                  (i)   Employee benefits


                        (1)    Short-term obligations


                               Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits that are expected to be settled wholly
                               within 12 months after the end of the period in which the employees render the related service are
                               recognized in respect of employees’ services up to the end of the reporting period and are measured at the
                               amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. The liabilities are presented as current
                               employee benefit obligations in the balance sheet.


                        (2)    Pension obligations


                               Employees of the Group are covered by various government-sponsored defined-contribution pension plans
                               under which the employees are entitled to a monthly pension based on certain formulas. The relevant
                               government agencies are responsible for the pension liability to these employees when they retire. The
                               Group contributes on a monthly basis to these pension plans for the employees which are determined at a
                               certain percentage of their salaries. Under these plans, the Group has no obligation for post-retirement
                               benefits beyond the contribution made. Contributions to these plans are expensed as incurred and
                               contributions paid to the defined contribution pension plans for a staff are not available to reduce the
                               Group’s future obligations to such defined-contribution pension plans even if the staff leaves the Group.


                               Employees of the Group in mainland China are entitled to participate in various government supervised
                               housing funds, medical insurance and other employee social insurance plan. The Group contributes on a
                               monthly basis to these funds based on certain percentages of the salaries of the employees, subject to
                               certain ceiling. The Group’s liability in respect of these funds is limited to the contributions payable in each
                               period.




128    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    2.2 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (continued)

        (i)   Employee benefits (continued)


              (3)   Termination benefits


                    Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal
                    retirement date, or when an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The
                    Group recognizes termination benefits at the earlier of the following dates: (a) when the Group can no
                    longer withdraw the offer of those benefits; and (b) when the Group recognizes costs for a restructuring
                    and involves the payment of terminations benefits. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary
                    redundancy, the termination benefits are measured based on the number of employees expected to accept
                    the offer. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of the reporting period are discounted to
                    present value.


        (j)   Interest income


              Interest income on financial assets at amortized cost calculated using the effective interest method is recognized
              in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.


              Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial
              asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired financial assets
              the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of the loss
              allowance).


        (k)   Leases and right-of-use assets as lease


              Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include
              the net present value of the following lease payment:


              (1)   fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;


              (2)   variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at
                    the commencement date;


              (3)   amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;




                                                                                    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023     129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      2    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.2 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (continued)

                  (k)   Leases and right-of-use assets as lease (continued)


                        (4)    the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and


                        (5)    payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising that option.


                        Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of
                        the liability.


                        Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss
                        over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability
                        for each period.


                        Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:


                        •      the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability


                        •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received


                        •      any initial direct costs, and


                        •      restoration costs


                        The Group leases properties for operation. The consideration paid for lease are treated as right-of-use assets,
                        which are stated at cost less accumulative amortization and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Rental
                        contracts are typically made for fixed periods of 3 to 7 years, but may have extension options. The Group also
                        obtained a land use right for usage of land for plant with the lease period of 50 years. Lease terms are negotiated
                        on an individual basis and contain various terms and conditions.


                        Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the consideration in the
                        contract to the lease and non-lease components based on their relative stand-alone prices.




130    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




2   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

    2.2 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (continued)

        (k)   Leases and right-of-use assets as lease (continued)


              Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The
              lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are
              held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.


              The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily
              determined, which is generally the case for leases of the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used,
              being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of
              similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and
              conditions.


              To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:


              •     where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point,
                    adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third-party financing was received


              •     uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held by
                    the Group, which does not have recent third-party financing, and


              •     makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.


              If a readily observable amortising loan rate is available to the individual lessee (through recent financing or market
              data) which has a similar payment profile to the lease, then the group entities use that rate as a starting point to
              determine the incremental borrowing rate. The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease
              payments based on an index or rate, which are not included in the lease liability until they take effect. When
              adjustments to lease payments based on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is reassessed and
              adjusted against the right-of-use asset.




                                                                                    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023     131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      2    SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           2.2 Summary of other potentially material accounting policies (continued)

                  (k)   Leases and right-of-use assets as lease (continued)


                        Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a
                        straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is
                        depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life. Right-of-use assets are subject to impairment test as
                        described in Note 2.1(e).


                        Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognized on a straight-line
                        basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of less than 12 months or
                        less without a purchase option. Low-value assets comprise small items of machinery.


      3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

           3.1 Financial risk factors

                  The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk including foreign exchange risk and interest
                  rate risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability
                  of the financial markets and seeks to minimize potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.


                  (a)   Market risk


                        (1)    Foreign exchange risk


                               Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions or recognized assets and liabilities are
                               denominated in a currency that is not the respective group entities’ functional currency.


                               Certain bank balances and cash are denominated in foreign currencies of respective group entities that are
                               exposed to foreign currency risk. The Group has entities operating in the PRC and the United States of
                               America, and the Group constantly reviews the economic situation and its foreign exchange risk profile,
                               and considers appropriate hedging measures in the future, as may be necessary.


                               Most foreign exchange transactions were denominated in USD for the group companies that have
                               functional currency in RMB. As at 31 December 2023, if the RMB strengthened/weakened by 5% against
                               the USD with all other variables held constant, net loss for the year would have been RMB35 thousand
                               higher/lower (As at 31 December 2022: RMB12,288 thousand lower/higher).




132    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

    3.1 Financial risk factors (continued)

        (a)   Market risk (continued)


              (2)   Interest rate risk


                    The Group’s main interest rate risk arises from long-term borrowings with variable rates, which expose the
                    Group to cash flow interest rate risk.


                    If interest rates on variable interest rate borrowings had been 10 basis point higher/lower and all other
                    variables were held constant, the Group’s post-tax profit would have decreased/increased by
                    approximately RMB189,007 for the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: Nil).


        (b)   Credit risk


              (1)   Impairment of financial assets


                    The Group has four types of financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model: trade
                    receivables, other receivables, bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents. The carrying amounts of
                    trade receivables, other receivables, bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents represent the Group’s
                    maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial assets.


                    The Group performed impairment assessment for financial assets and other items under ECL model.
                    Information about the Group’s credit risk management, maximum credit risk exposures and the related
                    impairment assessment, if applicable, is summarised as below:


                    (i)     Trade receivables


                            The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring ECL which uses a lifetime expected
                            loss allowance for all trade receivables.


                            For the purpose of impairment assessment for trade receivables, the loss allowance is measured at
                            an amount equal to life time ECL. In determining the ECL for trade receivables, the directors of the
                            Company have taken into account the credit rating of the counterparties in estimating the probability
                            of default of each of the trade receivables occurring within their respective loss assessment time
                            horizon, as well as the loss upon default in each case. The Directors believe that there is no
                            significant increase in credit risk of these amounts since initial recognition and the Group provided
                            impairment based on life time ECL. For the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group
                            assessed and concluded the ECL for trade receivables was insignificant and thus no loss allowance
                            was recognised.




                                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

           3.1 Financial risk factors (continued)

                  (b)   Credit risk (continued)


                        (1)    Impairment of financial assets (continued)


                               (ii)    Other receivables


                                       Other receivables mainly comprise receivables due from third parties and others. For other
                                       receivables, the Directors make periodic individual assessment on the recoverability based on
                                       historical settlement records, past experience, and also quantitative and qualitative information that is
                                       reasonable and supportive forward-looking information. The Directors believe that there is no
                                       significant increase in credit risk of these amounts since initial recognition and the Group provided
                                       impairment based on 12m ECL. For the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group
                                       assessed and concluded the ECL for other receivables was insignificant and thus no loss allowance
                                       was recognised.


                               (iii)   Bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents


                                       The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with bank deposits and cash and
                                       cash equivalents since they are substantially deposited at state-owned banks in the PRC or reputable
                                       commercial banks which are high-credit-quality financial institutions. The Group adopts a robust
                                       process to diversify assets across multiple financial institutions to minimize the impact of
                                       concentration risk if any financial institution is subject to potential insolvency risk. Management does
                                       not expect that there will be any significant losses from non-performance by these counterparties.


                  (c)   Liquidity risk


                        Prudent liquidity risk management includes maintaining sufficient cash and cash equivalents and the ability to
                        raise funds through debt and equity financing. The Group historically financed its working capital requirements
                        through issue of preferred shares and convertible notes and the Listing. After the Listing, the Group has
                        alternative financing through new shares issuance.


                        Management monitors rolling forecasts of the Group’s liquidity reserve on the basis of expected cash flows.


                        The table below analyzes the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining
                        period at the balance sheet to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the
                        contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their carrying balances, as the impact
                        of discounting is not significant.


134    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

    3.1 Financial risk factors (continued)

        (c)   Liquidity risk (continued)


              The Group recognizes the financial instruments issued to investors at fair value through profit or loss. Accordingly,
              the financial instruments issued to investors are managed on a fair value basis rather than by maturing dates.


                                                      Less than      Between 1       Between 2              Over
                                                          1 year    and 2 years     and 5 years          5 years            Total
                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


                At 31 December 2023
                Trade and other payable                 191,840                 –                –              –        191,840
                Lease liabilities                         19,120          20,349            23,839              –         63,308
                Borrowings                                40,572        317,176         124,878                 –        482,626
                Convertible Preferred Shares                    –               –           28,331              –         28,331


                                                        251,532         337,525         177,048                 –        766,105



                At 31 December 2022
                Trade and other payable                 425,617                 –                –              –        425,617
                Other current liabilities               424,081                 –                –              –        424,081
                Lease liabilities                         20,878          23,606            42,783           561          87,828
                Convertible Preferred Shares                    –               –           27,858              –         27,858


                                                        870,576           23,606            70,641           561         965,384


    3.2 Capital risk management

        The Group’s objectives of managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern in order
        to provide returns for equity holders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to
        reduce the cost of capital.


        In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to equity holders,
        return capital to equity holders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.


        The Group monitors capital (including share capital and reserves) by regularly reviewing the capital structure. As a part
        of this review, the Company considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with the issued share capital. In the
        opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group’s capital risk is low.


                                                                                    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

           3.3 Fair value estimation

                  There are judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial instruments that are measured
                  at fair value in the financial statements. To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair
                  value, the Group has classified its financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards:


                  Level 1:    The fair values of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as trading and available-for-sale
                              securities) are based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period.


                  Level 2:    The fair values of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market are determined using valuation
                              techniques which maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific
                              estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is
                              included in level 2.


                  Level 3:    If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in
                              level 3.

                  The carrying amounts of the financial assets and liabilities, which are measured at amortized cost, approximated their
                  fair value as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.


                  The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value at 31 December 2023:


                                                                         Level 1              Level 2              Level 3                Total
                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000


                   Assets:
                   Investment (Note 17)                                   35,565                     –             13,365               48,930


                   Liabilities:
                   Preferred Shares (Note 24)                                   –                    –             28,614               28,614




136    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                            (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

    3.3 Fair value estimation (continued)

        The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value at 31 December 2022:


                                                                  Level 1            Level 2             Level 3               Total
                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000


          Assets:
          Investment (Note 17)                                    76,939                   –             12,303              89,242


          Liabilities:
          Preferred Shares (Note 24)                                   –                   –             30,923              30,923


        (a)    Valuation techniques used to determine fair values


               Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include discounted cash flow analysis and the
               use of transaction price of similar instruments.


               There were no changes in valuation techniques during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.


               There were no transfers between levels 1, 2 and 3 for recurring fair value measurements during the years ended
               31 December 2023 and 2022.


               The changes in level 3 instruments for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are presented in Note 17
               and Note 24.




                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      4    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS
           The preparation of financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which, by definition, will seldom equal the
           actual results. Management also needs to exercise judgement in applying the Group’s accounting policies.


           Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated. They are based on historical experience and other factors, including
           expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be reasonable under the
           circumstances.


           (a)    Impairment testing of intangible assets not ready for use

                  Intangible assets not ready for use are not subject to amortization and are tested annually for impairment, with the key
                  assumptions including the expected achievement of drug development milestones and the outcome of new drug
                  development, estimated revenue to be generated by the in-development drug and discount rate, or more frequently if
                  events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. The Group obtained in-licenses and IPR&D
                  through acquisition for the purpose of continuing the research and development work and commercialisation of the
                  products, which are classified as intangible assets not ready for use.


           (b)    Accrued service fees due to CROs

                  Research and development expenses primarily include costs related to clinical trials paid to CROs. The estimate of
                  accrued service fees due to CROs is complex because billing terms under contracts with CRO often do not coincide
                  with the timing of when the work is performed, which in turn requires estimates of outstanding obligations as of period
                  end. These estimates are based on a number of factors, including management’s knowledge of the R&D programs and
                  activities associated with timelines, invoicing to date, and the provisions in the contracts.


           (c)    Fair value of financial instruments issued to investors

                  The financial instruments issued by EverNov including Preferred Shares and are not traded in an active market and the
                  respective fair value is determined by using valuation techniques. The discounted cash flow method was used to
                  determine the total equity value of EverNov and the equity allocation model was adopted to determine the fair value of
                  the financial instruments. Key assumptions, such as discount rate, risk-free interest rate and volatility are disclosed in
                  Note 24.


           (d)    Share-based compensation expenses

                  As disclosed in Note 30, the Company has granted restricted share units and stock options to the Group’s employees.
                  Share-based compensation in relation to the restricted share units (except those with market vesting condition) is
                  measured based on the fair value of the Company’s ordinary shares at the grant date of the award. The Company used
                  the Black Scholes model, binominal model or Monte Carlo Simulation model to determine the fair value of the stock
                  options and restricted share units with market vesting condition as of the grant date, and in the case of stock option
                  with market condition, the determination of vesting period. The determination of the fair value is affected by the fair
                  value of the ordinary shares as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. Refer to
                  Note 30 for details.



138    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




4   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (CONTINUED)

    (e)   Deferred income tax

          The Group recognizes deferred tax assets mainly based on estimates that is probable to generate sufficient taxable
          profits in the foreseeable future against which the deductible losses will be utilised. The recognition of deferred tax
          assets mainly involved management’s judgements and estimations about the timing and the amount of taxable profits
          of the companies who had tax losses. During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, deferred tax assets have
          not been recognised in respect of these accumulated tax losses and other deductible temporary differences based on
          the fact that there were several drug candidates of the Company and most of them were in clinical trial stage and the
          future taxable profits would be uncertain.


    (f)   Estimates of variable consideration in the disposal of intangible asset

          As disclosed in Note 16(e), the Group disposed the intangible asset related to IMMU 132 (Sacituzumab Govitecan) and
          the gain or loss arising from the derecognition of the intangible asset is determined as the difference between the net
          proceeds, and the carrying amount of the asset. The net proceeds include fixed consideration and variable
          considerations which are contingent on the achievement of certain milestones. The variable consideration is included in
          the net proceeds only to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative
          income recognised will not occur. The Group estimates the probability on the achievement of each milestone to
          determine the amount of any variable consideration to be included in the net proceeds as of the derecognition date.


    (g)   Useful lives of intangible assets

          The Group’s finite life intangible assets generated from its in-license arrangements are amortized on a straight-line basis
          over the shorter of estimated economic life and 10 years, which are estimated to be the period of the in-license
          arrangement. If the Group’s estimate of the duration of sale of product is shorter than the arrangement period, then the
          shorter period is used. Additional amortization is recognized if the estimated useful economic lives are different from the
          previous estimation. Useful lives are reviewed at the end of the year based on changes in circumstances.


5   REVENUE
                                                                                              Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                      2023                    2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000                  RMB’000


     Revenue from sales of goods
     — at a point of time                                                                         125,932                   12,792




                                                                                      Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      5    REVENUE (CONTINUED)

           The amount of its revenue from external customers broken down by location of the customers is shown in the table below.


                                                                                                Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                        2023                  2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000


             Mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau                                                    114,540                          –
             Other country                                                                            11,392                12,792


                                                                                                    125,932                 12,792


      6    EXPENSES BY NATURE
                                                                                                Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                        2023                  2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000


             Employee benefit expenses (Note 10)                                                    474,884                853,103
             Research, clinical trial and test expenses                                             244,865                402,044
             Depreciation and amortization                                                            76,776                42,772
             Market development and business promotion expenses                                       71,640                29,843
             Professional expenses                                                                    59,239               102,446
             Office and travelling expenses                                                           48,960                29,747
             Cost of drugs                                                                            15,249                  4,645
             Royalty                                                                                  10,037                         –
             Auditors’ remuneration:
               — Audit services                                                                        4,280                  4,200
               — Audit related services                                                                     –                   300
             Others                                                                                    6,104                  6,601


             Total cost of revenue, general and administrative expenses, research and
               development expenses, distribution and selling expenses and cost of
               other income                                                                        1,012,034             1,475,701




140    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




7   OTHER INCOME — NET

                                                                                                                     Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                                               2023                     2022
                                                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000


      Income from provision of services (a)                                                                                  40,992                   58,086
      Cost of other income (a)                                                                                              (40,992)                 (58,086)
      Government grants                                                                                                      10,816                    4,624
      Others                                                                                                                  2,359                          –


                                                                                                                             13,175                    4,624


    (a)   The Group provided services in the field of clinical development and commercialization related to Immunomedics after the completion of disposal of IMMU
          132 (Sacituzumab Govitecan) to Immunomedics. The transaction prices are determined based on the actual costs incurred. Such income is recognized over
          time when services are performed and is presented net of related costs in other income. The services were completed in 2023. Refer to Note 16(e), IMMU
          132 (Sacituzumab Govitecan) for details.



8   OTHER (LOSSES)/GAINS — NET

                                                                                                                     Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                                               2023                     2022
                                                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000


      Impairment of an intangible asset (Note 16)                                                                           (51,968)                 (16,491)
      Net foreign exchange losses on operating activities                                                                   (28,074)               (155,177)
      Donations (a)                                                                                                         (15,765)                         –
      Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                                         (973)                 (5,345)
      (Loss)/gain on disposal of right-of-use assets (Note 15)                                                                  (457)                  2,611
      Gain on disposal of an intangible asset (Note 16)                                                                              –           1,322,307
      Others                                                                                                                  (3,566)                 (4,506)


                                                                                                                          (100,803)              1,143,399


    (a)   Donations represented the contributions made by the Group to a charity in relation to the charity’s patient assistance program.




                                                                                                           Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023           141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      9    FINANCE INCOME — NET

                                                                    Years ended 31 December
                                                                          2023                 2022
                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


             Bank interest income                                      107,546                38,451
             Interest income on sublease                                    92                     –
             Interest income from loan to a director (Note 18(a))           29                   27
             Interest expenses on lease liabilities                      (3,225)              (5,591)
             Interest expenses on bank loans                             (8,463)                   –
             Interest expenses on borrowings from Jiashan Shanhe
               (Notes 14(a) and 27(b))                                 (11,371)                    –


             Finance income — net                                       84,608                32,887


      10 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

                                                                    Years ended 31 December
                                                                          2023                 2022
                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


             Salaries, wages and bonuses                               360,582            598,992
             Social security costs and housing benefits                 40,882                47,616
             Share-based compensation (Note 30)                         73,420            206,495


                                                                       474,884            853,103




142    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




10 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (CONTINUED)

  (a)   Five highest paid individuals

        For the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, the five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the
        Group include 2 directors, whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis presented in Note 10(b) below. The
        emoluments to the remaining 3 individuals were as follows:


                                                                                                                 Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                                           2023                         2022
                                                                                                                     RMB’000                      RMB’000


              Basic salaries                                                                                              9,190                       10,407
              Bonuses                                                                                                     4,672                        6,343
              Contributions to pension plans                                                                                239                           238
              Housing funds, medical insurance and other social insurance                                                   873                           494
              Share-based compensation                                                                                  12,164                        32,585
              Termination benefits (i)                                                                                      749                       19,468


                                                                                                                        27,887                        69,535

        (i)       Termination benefits represent the compensation the Group agreed to pay to non-director employees upon their termination of employment with the
                  Group.



        The number of five highest paid individuals whose remuneration during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022
        fell within the following bands are as follows:


                                                                                                                 Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                                           2023                         2022


              Emolument bands
              HK$8,000,001–HK$8,500,000                                                                                         1                            –
              HK$9,500,001–HK$10,000,000                                                                                        1                            –
              HK$12,500,001–HK$13,000,000                                                                                       1                            –
              HK$20,500,001–HK$21,000,000                                                                                       1                            –
              HK$22,000,001–HK$22,500,000                                                                                       –                            1
              HK$24,000,001–HK$24,500,000                                                                                       –                            1
              HK$25,000,001–HK$25,500,000                                                                                       –                            1
              HK$27,500,001–HK$28,000,000                                                                                       –                            1
              HK$29,000,001–HK$29,500,000                                                                                       –                            1
              HK$34,000,001–HK$34,500,000                                                                                       1                            –


        No emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the five individuals with the highest emoluments as an inducement to
        join or upon joining the Groups or as compensation for loss of office for the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.



                                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023               143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      10 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (CONTINUED)

           (b)    Details of emoluments in respect of the directors of the Company

                  The emoluments in respect of each of the directors paid by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 are as
                  follows:


                                                                          Basic                                 Social
                                                         Director   salaries and                Retirement    security    Share-based
                                                             fee allowances (i)    Bonus (ii) benefit costs     costs    compensation       Total
                                                        RMB ’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000


                   Executive directors
                   Mr. Ian Ying Woo (iii)                      –          5,259       5,514            140        436           7,115     18,464
                   Mr. Xiaofan Zhang (iv)                      –          1,279           –              –          1          (9,124)     (7,844)
                   Mr. Yongqing Luo (x)                        –          7,211       3,600             68        117          19,726     30,722
                   Mr. Wei Fu (v)                              –              –           –              –          –               –           –


                                                               –         13,749       9,114            208        554          17,717     41,342


                   Non-executive directors
                   Mr. Yubo Gong (vii)                         –              –           –              –          –               –           –
                   Ms. Lan Kang (viii)                         –              –           –              –          –               –           –


                                                               –              –           –              –          –               –           –


                   Independent non-executive
                     directors (ix)
                   Mr. Shidong Jiang                         352              –           –              –          –             49         401
                   Mr. Yifan Li                              352              –           –              –          –             49         401
                   Ms. Hoi Yam Chui                          352              –           –              –          –               –        352
                   Mr. Bo Tan                                  –              –           –              –          –            (147)      (147)


                                                           1,056              –           –              –          –             (49)     1,007




144    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




10 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (CONTINUED)

  (b)   Details of emoluments in respect of the directors of the Company (continued)

        The emoluments in respect of each of the directors paid by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 are as
        follows:


                                                              Basic                                    Social
                                           Director    salaries and                  Retirement       security    Share-based
                                               fee    allowances (i)   Bonus (ii)   benefit costs       costs    compensation       Total
                                          RMB ’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


         Executive directors
         Mr. Ian Ying Woo (iii)                  –           4,793        5,142              123         321          11,145      21,524
         Mr. Xiaofan Zhang (iv)                  –           4,844        2,425                –            4         11,785      19,058
         Mr. Wei Fu (v)                          –                –            –               –            –               –          –
         Mr. Yongqing Luo (x)                    –           2,073        1,310               16           29           4,574      8,002
         Mr. Kerry Levan Blanchard (vi)          –           5,813        5,250                –         147            7,107     18,317


                                                 –          17,523       14,127              139         501          34,611      66,901


         Non-executive directors
         Mr. Yubo Gong (vii)                     –                –            –               –            –               –          –
         Ms. Lan Kang (viii)                     –                –            –               –            –               –          –


                                                 –                –            –               –            –               –          –


         Independent non-executive
           directors (ix)
         Mr. Shidong Jiang                     336                –            –               –            –            273         609
         Mr. Yifan Li                          336                –            –               –            –            273         609
         Mr. Bo Tan                            336                –            –               –            –            273         609


                                             1,008                –            –               –            –            819       1,827




                                                                                          Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      10 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (CONTINUED)

           (b)    Details of emoluments in respect of the directors of the Company (continued)

                  (i)      Salary paid to a director is generally an emolument paid in respect of that person’s other services in connection
                           with the management of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiaries undertakings.


                  (ii)     Bonus are determined based on the financial performance of the Group and the performance of each individual.


                  (iii)    Mr. Ian Ying Woo was appointed as director of the Group on 31 December 2018 and redesignated as executive
                           director of the Group on 15 July 2020.


                  (iv)     Mr. Xiaofan Zhang was appointed as director of the Group on 23 November 2017 and redesignated as executive
                           director of the Group on 15 July 2020. He resigned as an executive Director with effect from 31 March 2023.
                           The unvested portion of share-based compensation expenses were reversed accordingly.


                  (v)      Mr. Wei Fu was appointed as director of the Group on 14 July 2017 and redesignated as executive director of the
                           Group on 15 July 2020. Mr. Fu Wei did not receive any emolument during the years ended 31 December 2023
                           and 2022.


                  (vi)     Mr. Kerry Levan Blanchard was redesignated as director of the Group on 25 February 2020 and designated as
                           executive director of the Group on 15 July 2020. He resigned as the executive director and Chief Executive
                           Officer of the Group on 26 August 2022.


                  (vii)    Mr. Yubo Gong was appointed as director of the Group on 3 June 2020 and redesignated as non-executive
                           director of the Group on 15 July 2020. Mr. Yubo Gong resigned as independent non-executive director
                           subsequently in February 2024.


                  (viii)   Ms. Lan Kang was appointed as non-executive director of the Group on 22 December 2020. Ms. Lan Kang
                           resigned as independent non-executive director subsequently in January 2024.


                  (ix)     Mr. Shidong Jiang, Mr. Yifan Li and Mr. Bo Tan were appointed as independent non-executive directors of the
                           Group on 25 September 2020. Mr. Bo Tan resigned as independent non-executive director subsequently in
                           January 2023. The unvested portion of share-based compensation expenses were reversed accordingly. Ms. Hoi
                           Yam Chui was appointed as independent non-executive director of the Group on 19 January 2023.


                  (x)      Mr. Yongqing Luo was appointed as an executive director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Group on 19
                           September 2022.




146    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




10 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (CONTINUED)

  (c)   Directors’ termination benefits

        None of the directors received or will receive any termination benefits during the years ended 31 December 2023 and
        2022.


  (d)   Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services

        The Group did not pay consideration to any third parties for making available directors’ services during the years ended
        31 December 2023 and 2022.


  (e)   Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled
        bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors

        On 2 July 2020, the Company provided a loan to one director of the Company, at the total amount of USD325
        thousand. The loan has term of three years and a simple interest rate of 5.0% per annum. The principal and accrued
        interest will be paid on maturity date. In 2021, pursuant to an amendment agreement with this director, the interest rate
        decreased from 5.0% per annum to 1.25% per annum. In July 2023, according to the contract, such loan was
        automatically renewed for another three years with the same interest rate of 1.25% per annum, and the principal and
        interests will be repaid by this director in July 2026.


        Other than the loan described above, there were no other loans, quasi-loans and other dealings made available in
        favour of directors, bodies corporate controlled by and entities connected with directors subsisted at the end of the
        year or at any time during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.


  (f)   Inducement or waiver of emoluments

        No directors received emoluments from the Group as inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation
        for loss of office for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022. No directors waived or had agreed to waive any
        emoluments for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.


  (g)   Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts

        No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company was
        a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the
        end of the year or at any time during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.


  (h)   Directors’ retirement benefits

        Other than defined contribution pension plans, none of the directors received or will receive any retirement benefits
        during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.




                                                                                  Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      11 INCOME TAX EXPENSE

           (i)    Income tax expense

                  The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profits arising in or derived from the jurisdictions in which
                  members of the Group are domiciled and operate.


                  Cayman Islands


                  Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands, the Company and Cayman Islands incorporated entities of the Group is
                  not subject to tax on income or capital gains.


                  Hong Kong


                  The Group’s subsidiaries in Hong Kong are subject to Hong Kong profits tax at the rate of 16.5%. Since these
                  companies did not have assessable profits during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, no Hong Kong profits
                  tax has been provided.


                  United States of America


                  Entities in the State of New York are subject to Federal Tax at a rate of 21% and State of New York Profits Tax at a rate
                  of 6.5%. Operations in the United States of America have incurred net accumulated operating losses for income tax
                  purposes and no income tax provisions are recorded during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.


                  Singapore


                  The Group’s subsidiary in Singapore is subject to Singapore profits tax at the rate of 17%. On 24 August 2022, the
                  Group’s subsidiary in Singapore was granted a Development and Expansion Incentive under the International
                  Headquarters Award, with a concessionary tax rate of 10% from 01 September 2022 to 31 August 2027. The Group
                  had no taxable income during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.


                  Korea


                  The Group’s subsidiary in Korea is subject to Korea profits tax at the rate of 10%.




148    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




11 INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CONTINUED)

  (i)   Income tax expense (continued)

        Mainland China


        Pursuant to the Corporate Income Tax Law of the PRC and the respective regulations (the “CIT Law”), the subsidiaries
        which operate in Mainland China are subject to CIT at a rate of 25% on the taxable income. In 2023, Everest China
        obtained the certificate of technology-based small and medium-sized enterprises and hence was eligible to enjoy the
        extended period for the tax losses carry-forward from 5 years to 10 years.


        The Group had no taxable income during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.


        The income tax on the Group’s loss before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the
        enacted tax rate in the PRC applicable to the Group as follows:


                                                                                             Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2023                    2022
                                                                                                RMB’000                  RMB’000


         Loss before income tax                                                                  (844,463)               (247,275)
         Tax calculated at the applicable tax rate of 25%                                        (211,116)                 (61,819)
         Tax effect of:
         Difference in overseas tax rates                                                          64,075                (188,320)
         Tax losses not recognised as deferred tax assets                                        163,628                  240,480
         Deductible temporary differences not recognized
           as deferred tax assets                                                                   3,263                    1,452
         Super deduction in respect of research and development
           expenditures                                                                           (39,286)                 (25,557)
         Expenses not deductible for income tax purposes                                           30,766                  55,356
         Previously unrecognised tax losses now recouped to reduce
           current tax expense                                                                    (11,330)                 (21,584)


         Income tax expense                                                                              –                       8




                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      11 INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CONTINUED)
           (ii)   Tax losses
                  The tax losses incurred from the Company’s subsidiaries in Mainland China that are not recognised as deferred tax
                  assets will expire in 10 years from the respective filing dates and are analysed as follows:

                                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                                             2023                    2022
                                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000

                   Expire year
                   2024                                                                                     9,394                  16,338
                   2025                                                                                    44,109                  62,478
                   2026                                                                                   204,238                266,449
                   2027                                                                                    46,888                124,235
                   2028                                                                                    34,789                396,962
                   2029                                                                                    39,666                        –
                   2030                                                                                          –                       –
                   2031                                                                                    30,652                        –
                   2032                                                                                    77,347                        –
                   2033                                                                                   362,173                        –
                   2034                                                                                   387,615                        –

                                                                                                        1,236,871                866,462

           (iii) Deferred tax balances
                  Deferred tax assets:

                                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                                             2023                    2022
                                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000

                   Lease liabilities                                                                       12,941                  18,045
                   Tax losses                                                                                    –                    415

                                                                                                           12,941                  18,640

                  Deferred tax liabilities:

                                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                                             2023                    2022
                                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000

                   Right-of-use assets                                                                     12,941                  18,640

                  The Group only recognises deferred tax assets for cumulative tax losses if it is probable that future taxable amounts will
                  be available to utilise those tax losses. Management will continue to assess the recognition of deferred tax assets in
                  future reporting periods. As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group did not recognise deferred tax assets of
                  RMB571,677 thousand and RMB371,634 thousand respectively.


150    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                     (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




12 DIVIDEND

  No dividend has been paid or declared by the Company or companies comprising the Group during the years presented.


13 LOSS PER SHARE

  Basic loss per share

  Basic loss per share is calculated by dividing the loss attributable to equity holders of the Company by the weighted average
  number of ordinary shares outstanding during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022. In determining the weighted
  average number of ordinary shares in issue the unvested restricted share units are excluded:


                                                                                          Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                  2023                    2022
                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000


   Loss for the year                                                                          (844,463)               (247,283)
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue                                    313,062,809             297,634,997
   Basic loss per share (in RMB)                                                                  (2.70)                  (0.83)
   Diluted loss per share (in RMB)                                                                (2.70)                  (0.83)


  Diluted loss per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to assume
  conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. For the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Company’s potential
  ordinary shares included share-based awards granted to employees (Note 30). For the years ended 31 December 2023 and
  2022, the potential ordinary shares were not included in the calculation of loss per share as their inclusion would be anti-
  dilutive. Accordingly, diluted loss per share for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are the same as basic loss per
  share.




                                                                                  Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      14 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                          Buildings and    Construction
                                                                Furniture       Leasehold                      building     in progress
                                                Equipments    and fixtures   improvements    Machinery    improvements          (“CIP”)       Total
                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


             At 1 January 2023
             Cost                                   54,672          7,905          44,767       22,079         378,281          45,753      553,457
             Accumulated depreciation               (3,368)        (1,829)         (9,500)        (230)          (1,213)              –     (16,140)


             Net book amount                        51,304          6,076          35,267       21,849         377,068          45,753      537,317


             Year ended 31 December 2023
             Opening net book amount                51,304          6,076          35,267       21,849         377,068          45,753      537,317
             Additions                              22,527          1,801               –            –                –         86,585      110,913
             Disposals (Note 8)                        (33)             –          (1,004)           –                –               –      (1,037)
             CIP transfer out                            –              –           4,581       58,379          59,588         (122,548)          –
             Depreciation charge (Note 6)          (11,843)        (2,700)         (7,859)      (8,582)         (15,438)              –     (46,422)
             Currency translation differences            –              –               4            –                –               –           4


             Closing net book amount                61,955          5,177          30,989       71,646         421,218            9,790     600,775


             At 31 December 2023
             Cost                                   77,153          9,704          46,903       80,458         437,869            9,790     661,877
             Accumulated depreciation              (15,198)        (4,527)        (15,914)      (8,812)         (16,651)              –     (61,102)


             Net book amount                        61,955          5,177          30,989       71,646         421,218            9,790     600,775




152    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




14 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                                Buildings      Construction
                                                             Furniture      Leasehold                        and building       in progress
                                        Equipments        and fixtures   improvements         Machinery    improvements              (“CIP”)          Total
                                          RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000


    At 1 January 2022
    Cost                                      3,417             2,304          15,913                 –                 –          102,908          124,542
    Accumulated depreciation                 (1,181)           (1,190)          (9,836)               –                 –                –           (12,207)


    Net book amount                           2,236            1,114             6,077                –                 –          102,908          112,335


    Year ended 31 December 2022
    Opening net book amount                   2,236             1,114            6,077                –                 –           102,908         112,335
    Additions (a)                           51,990              2,470                –           22,079                 –           367,814         444,353
    Disposals (Note 8)                            –                 –                –                –                 –             (5,659)          (5,659)
    CIP transfer out (a)                          –             3,799          37,230                 –          378,281           (419,310)                –
    Depreciation charge (Note 6)             (2,922)           (1,308)          (8,138)            (230)           (1,213)                 –         (13,811)
    Currency translation differences              –                 1               98                –                 –                  –               99


    Closing net book amount                 51,304             6,076           35,267            21,849          377,068            45,753          537,317


    At 31 December 2022
    Cost                                    54,672              7,905          44,767            22,079          378,281            45,753          553,457
    Accumulated depreciation                 (3,368)           (1,829)          (9,500)            (230)           (1,213)               –           (16,140)


    Net book amount                         51,304             6,076           35,267            21,849          377,068            45,753          537,317


  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment has been charged to the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss as
  follows:


                                                                                                               Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                                        2023                         2022
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                       RMB’000


    General and administrative expenses                                                                                8,806                        2,814
    Research and development expenses                                                                                 37,491                        7,954
    Distribution and selling expense                                                                                         125                    3,043


                                                                                                                      46,422                       13,811


  (a)    After completion of relevant construction work at Jiashan Plant in December 2022, no interest from borrowing from Jiashan Shanhe (Note 27) was
         capitalized in construction in progress (2022: RMB28.8 million). The remaining interest is expensed since then until the repayment of borrowings from
         Jiashan Shanhe.




                                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023              153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      15 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                  Leased       Leased     Land use
                                                                equipment    properties       right      Total
                                                                 RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000


             At 1 January 2023
             Cost                                                    800       106,774      35,397     142,971
             Accumulated depreciation                                (271)     (34,627)     (1,534)    (36,432)


             Net book amount                                         529        72,147      33,863     106,539


             Year ended 31 December 2023
             Opening net book amount                                 529        72,147      33,863     106,539
             Additions                                                  –       10,411           –      10,411
             Disposal                                                   –      (16,385)          –     (16,385)
             Depreciation charge (Note 6)                            (160)     (16,522)       (708)    (17,390)
             Currency translation differences                           –           37           –         37


             Closing net book amount                                 369        49,688      33,155      83,212


             At 31 December 2023
             Cost                                                    800        91,581      35,397     127,778
             Accumulated depreciation                                (431)     (41,893)     (2,242)    (44,566)


             Net book amount                                         369        49,688      33,155      83,212




154    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                          (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




15 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

                                               Leased              Leased            Land use
                                             equipment          properties                right              Total
                                              RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000


   At 1 January 2022
   Cost                                           183             165,748              35,397             201,328
   Accumulated depreciation                       (101)            (50,097)               (826)            (51,024)


   Net book amount                                 82             115,651              34,571             150,304


   Year ended 31 December 2022
   Opening net book amount                         82             115,651              34,571             150,304
   Additions                                      617               2,068                    –               2,685
   Disposal                                          –             (19,541)                  –             (19,541)
   Depreciation charge (Note 6)                   (170)            (26,244)               (708)            (27,122)
   Currency translation differences                  –                213                    –                 213


   Closing net book amount                        529              72,147              33,863             106,539


   At 31 December 2022
   Cost                                           800             106,774              35,397             142,971
   Accumulated depreciation                       (271)            (34,627)             (1,534)            (36,432)


   Net book amount                                529              72,147              33,863             106,539




                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      15 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

           Depreciation of right-of-use assets has been charged to the consolidated statements of financial position and comprehensive
           loss as follows:


                                                                                                 Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                        2023                   2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


             General and administrative expenses                                                        1,570                 6,573
             Research and development expenses                                                        10,744                 12,124
             Distribution and selling expenses                                                          4,886                 7,717
             Construction in progress                                                                    190                    708


                                                                                                      17,390                 27,122




156    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                             (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                               In-licenses        In-licenses
                                               and IPR&D          and IPR&D
                                              that are not           that are
                                             ready for use   commercialized            Software                 Total
                                                RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000


   At 1 January 2023
   Cost                                         2,373,703                   –              7,687           2,381,390
   Accumulated amortization and impairment              –                   –             (2,913)              (2,913)


   Net book amount                              2,373,703                   –              4,774           2,378,477


   Year ended 31 December 2023
   Opening net book amount                      2,373,703                   –              4,774           2,378,477
   Additions                                      162,074                   –              8,406             170,480
   Commercialization                             (179,691)           179,691                    –                   –
   Impairment (a)                                 (51,968)                  –                   –             (51,968)
   Amortization charge (Note 6)                         –              (9,128)            (4,026)             (13,154)
   Currency translation differences                38,865              1,016                    –             39,881


   Closing net book amount                      2,342,983            171,579               9,154           2,523,716


   At 31 December 2023
   Cost                                         2,342,983            180,707              16,093           2,539,783
   Accumulated amortization and impairment              –              (9,128)            (6,939)             (16,067)


   Net book amount                              2,342,983            171,579               9,154           2,523,716




                                                                        Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

                                                                  In-licenses       In-licenses
                                                                  and IPR&D         and IPR&D
                                                                 that are not          that are
                                                                ready for use   commercialized        Software               Total
                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


             At 1 January 2022
             Cost                                                 2,465,460                  –           6,204          2,471,664
             Accumulated amortization and impairment                       –                 –             (366)             (366)


             Net book amount                                      2,465,460                  –           5,838          2,471,298


             Year ended 31 December 2022
             Opening net book amount                              2,465,460                  –           5,838          2,471,298
             Additions                                              653,063                  –           1,483            654,546
             Disposal                                               (945,113)                –                –          (945,113)
             Impairment (h)                                          (16,491)                –                –           (16,491)
             Amortization charge (Note 6)                                  –                 –           (2,547)            (2,547)
             Currency translation differences                       216,784                  –                –           216,784


             Closing net book amount                              2,373,703                  –           4,774          2,378,477


             At 31 December 2022
             Cost                                                 2,373,703                  –           7,687          2,381,390
             Accumulated amortization and impairment                       –                 –           (2,913)            (2,913)


             Net book amount                                      2,373,703                  –           4,774          2,378,477


           Intangible assets mainly included in-licenses and IPR&D which are not ready for use the Group is continuing research and
           development work, and in-licenses and IPR&D that are amortized since the related drug product has been commercialized.




158    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

   Amortization of intangible assets has been charged to the consolidated statements of financial position and comprehensive
   loss as follows:


                                                                                          Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                  2023                    2022
                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000


    Cost of revenue                                                                              9,128                        –
    General and administrative expenses                                                          2,122                    2,122
    Research and development expenses                                                            1,346                        –
    Distribution and selling expenses                                                              558                      425


                                                                                                13,154                    2,547


   (a)   Collaboration and License Agreement with Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Arena”) and United
         Therapeutics

         In December 2017, the Group entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Arena (subsequently acquired by
         Pfizer in 2022) regarding the development and commercialization of its proprietary products Ralinepag and Etrasimod in
         the territories of Mainland China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau and South Korea. Under the terms of the agreement, the
         Group made an upfront payment of USD12 million (equivalent to RMB78.4 million) to Arena and capitalized such
         payment. In January 2019, the Group and Arena entered into two separate agreements which superseded the previous
         agreement, one which relates to Ralinepag and the other relates to Etrasimod.


         Etrasimod


         The Group agreed to make development and regulatory milestone payments and commercial milestone payments, as
         well as tiered royalties on net sales to Arena.


         In the fourth quarter of 2018 and in November 2019, the Group made the milestone payment of USD1 million
         (equivalent to RMB6.6 million) and USD5 million (equivalent to RMB34.5 million) to Arena, respectively. Such payments
         were capitalised.




                                                                                  Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

           (a)    Collaboration and License Agreement with Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Arena”) and United
                  Therapeutics (continued)

                  Ralinepag


                  In January 2019, Arena assigned all of its rights and obligations with respect to the Ralinepag program under the
                  agreement to United Therapeutics. The Group agreed to make development and regulatory milestone payments and
                  commercial milestone payments, as well as tiered royalties on net sales to United Therapeutics.


                  In the fourth quarter of 2018, the Group made the milestone payment of USD1 million (equivalent to RMB6.6 million) to
                  Arena (before the agreement was assigned to United Therapeutics) and capitalized such payment. After assigning the
                  agreement to United Therapeutics, the Group paid milestone payment of USD2.5 million (equivalent to RMB17.2 million)
                  to United Therapeutics in September 2019, which was capitalized.


                  In 2023, the Group issued a termination notice to United Therapeutics, regarding the above licensing agreement,
                  effective on 28 August 2023. As a result, the Group recognized a full impairment loss of USD7.5 million (equivalent to
                  RMB52.0 million) for the related intangible asset given no economic benefits can be recovered, and related intangible
                  asset was written off accordingly.


           (b)    License Agreement with Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

                  Eravacycline


                  In February 2018, the Group entered into a license agreement with Tetraphase, pursuant to which Tetraphase granted
                  the Group an exclusive license to develop and commercialize Eravacycline in Mainland China, Taiwan, Hong Kong,
                  Macau, South Korea and Singapore.


                  Under the terms of the agreement, the Group made an upfront payment of USD7 million (equivalent to RMB46.4 million)
                  to Tetraphase and capitalized such payment. The Group agreed to make development and regulatory milestone
                  payments, commercial milestone payments, as well as tiered royalties on net sales to Tetraphase.


                  In June 2018 and May 2019, the Group made the milestone payment of USD2.5 million (equivalent to RMB16.6 million)
                  and USD3 million (equivalent to RMB20.7 million) to Tetraphase, respectively, and capitalized such payments.




160    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

   (b)   License Agreement with Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (continued)

         Eravacycline (continued)


         In July 2019, the Group and Tetraphase entered into an amendment to the license agreement to expand the geographic
         coverage of the license to Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines and paid an upfront payment of
         USD2 million (equivalent to RMB13.8 million) which was capitalised.


         In April 2021, the Group made the milestone payment of USD3 million (equivalent to RMB19.4 million) to Tetraphase
         and capitalised such payment.


         In March 2023, the new drug application for Eravacycline was approved by regulatory in Mainland China and the Group
         made the milestone payment of USD8 million (equivalent to RMB56.4 million) which was capitalised.


   (c)   Commercial supply agreement with Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

         Eravacycline manufacturing know-how


         In May 2021, the Group entered into a commercial supply agreement with Tetraphase, pursuant to which Tetraphase
         agreed to transfer the manufacturing know-how to the Group for the purpose of enabling the continued manufacturing
         of Eravacycline. The Group made prepayments of USD4 million (equivalent to RMB25.8 million) in May 2021 and USD1
         million in January 2022 (equivalent to RMB6.7 million) to Tetraphase, which was recorded in other non-current assets.
         In December 2022, these prepayments of USD5 million (equivalent to RMB33.6 million) were transferred to intangible
         assets as the transfer of control of manufacturing know-how has been completed. The Group is in the process of
         development of manufacturing know-how so the intangible assets are not available for use until the manufacturing
         approval is obtained.




                                                                                 Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

           (d)    Licensing Agreement with Novartis International Pharmaceutical Ltd. (“Novartis”)

                  FGF401


                  In June 2018, the Group entered into an exclusive global licensing agreement with Novartis to develop and
                  commercialize FGF401. Under this agreement, Novartis granted EverNov an exclusive license to develop, manufacture
                  and commercialize Novartis’ FGF4 inhibitor FGF401 and products containing FGF401 for all purposes worldwide.


                  Under the terms of the agreement, as discussed in Note 24, the total upfront fee was comprised of cash consideration
                  of USD20 million (equivalent to RMB132.7 million) and 4,000,000 Series A-2 Convertible Preferred Shares issued by
                  EverNov to Novartis Pharma AG, an affiliate entity of Novartis. The Group capitalised a total amount of USD22.4 million
                  (equivalent to RMB148.3 million) based on cash payment and the fair value of the Series A-2 Convertible Preferred
                  Shares. The Group also agreed to pay Novartis clinical development milestone payments, commercial milestone
                  payments, as well as tiered royalties on worldwide net sales to Novartis.


           (e)    Licenses acquired from Everest II

                  Upon the consummation of the Group’s acquisition of Everest II in 2019, the Group acquired four licenses held by
                  Everest II. The amount in relation to the acquisition of those licenses were recognised as intangible assets based on its
                  fair value upon consummation of the acquisition, with the total amount of RMB1,265,971 thousand.


                  Taniborbactam


                  In September 2018, Everest II entered into an agreement with Venatorx, pursuant to which Venatorx granted Everest II
                  an exclusive license to exploit for all uses in humans Venatorx’s proprietary BLI, taniborbactam (formerly VNRX-5133), in
                  combination with a ß-lactam, initially cefepime, in Mainland China, Macau, Hong Kong, Taiwan, South Korea,
                  Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines.


                  Under the terms of this agreement, Everest II paid an upfront cash payment of USD5.0 million (equivalent to RMB33.2
                  million) and capitalised such payment.


                  Everest II also agreed to make development and regulatory milestone payments, commercial milestone payments, as
                  well as tiered royalties on net sales to Venatorx. In January 2020, after the acquisition of Everest II, the Group made the
                  milestone payment of USD2 million (equivalent to RMB13.8 million) to Venatorx and such payment was capitalised.




162    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

   (e)   Licenses acquired from Everest II (continued)

         Taniborbactam (continued)


         In June 2021, the Group entered into an amendment to the license agreement with Venatorx, pursuant to which
         Venatorx assigned relevant taniborbactam patents to the Group. The Group paid USD3 million (equivalent to RMB19.4
         million) in June 2021 and USD7 million (equivalent to RMB45.1 million) in August 2021 to Venatorx and such payment
         was capitalised.


         SPR206


         In January 2019, Everest II entered into a license agreement with Spero Therapeutics, Inc. (“Spero”) through its wholly
         owned subsidiaries New Pharma License Holdings Limited, or NPLH, and Spero Potentiator, Inc. or Potentiator and
         NPLH has since assigned its assets to Spero. Pursuant to this agreement, NPLH granted Everest II an exclusive license
         to develop, manufacture and commercialize SPR206 in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, South Korea,
         Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and the Philippines.


         Everest II paid NPLH an upfront payment of USD2 million (equivalent to RMB13.8 million) as partial consideration for
         rights to SPR206 and capitalised such payment. Everest II also agreed to make development and regulatory milestone
         payments, commercial milestone payments, as well as tiered royalties on net sales to Spero.


         In November 2020, the Group made the milestone payment of USD2 million (equivalent to RMB13.8 million) to Spero
         and such payment was capitalised.


         In January 2021, the Group entered into an amended agreement with Spero for which Spero has assigned relevant
         SPR206 patents to the Group.


         In June and September 2021, the Group made the milestone payment of USD0.75 million (equivalent to RMB4.9
         million) and USD0.5 million (equivalent to RMB3.2 million) to Spero, respectively and such payments were capitalised.


         In June 2022, the Group made the milestone payment of USD0.75 million (equivalent to RMB5.0 million) and such
         payment was capitalised.




                                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

           (e)    Licenses acquired from Everest II (continued)

                  IMMU 132 (Sacituzumab Govitecan)


                  In April 2019, Everest II entered into a license agreement with Immunomedics under which Immunomedics granted
                  Everest II an exclusive license to develop and commercialize sacituzumab govitecan in Mainland China, Taiwan, Hong
                  Kong, Macau, Indonesia, Philippines, Vietnam, Thailand, South Korea, Malaysia, Singapore or Mongolia.


                  In consideration for entering into this agreement, Everest II made a one-time, upfront payment to Immunomedics in the
                  amount of USD65 million (equivalent to RMB448.2 million) and capitalised such payment. Everest II also agreed to make
                  development and regulatory milestone payments, commercial milestone payments, as well as tiered royalties on net
                  sales to Immunomedics which is now merged by Gilead.


                  In June 2020, after the acquisition of Everest II, the Group made a milestone payment of USD60 million (equivalent to
                  RMB413.9 million) to Immunomedics and such payment was capitalised.


                  In June 2022, the Group made the milestone payment of USD20 million (equivalent to RMB134.6 million) and USD5
                  million (equivalent to RMB33.6 million), respectively, and capitalised such payments.


                  On 15 August 2022, pursuant to a separately negotiated termination and transition services agreement (the
                  “Agreement”), the Group and Immunomedics agreed (i) to terminate the above license agreement as well as those
                  ancillary agreements entered in connection therewith; (ii) for the Group to assign to Immunomedics all of its intellectual
                  property, regulatory materials and other assets related to the sacituzumab govitecan; and (iii) for the Group to perform
                  transition services to enable Immunomedics or its affiliates to assume the development and commercialization of the
                  sacituzumab govitecan in the relevant territories. The consideration for the termination of license agreement and the
                  ancillary agreements was equivalent to the aggregate amount of up to approximately USD455 million, including an
                  upfront payment of USD280 million and milestone payments up to USD175 million, consisting of (i) regulatory milestone
                  payments of up to USD50 million in aggregate; and (ii) commercial milestone payments of up to USD125 million in
                  aggregate. Immunomedics also agreed to waive the Group’s obligation to pay the milestone payments of USD25 million
                  and reimburse the Group for all costs and out-of-pocket expenses actually incurred by the Group, in accordance with a
                  mutually agreed transition plan budget, in connection with the Group’s performance of the transition services.




164    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

   (e)   Licenses acquired from Everest II (continued)

         IMMU 132 (Sacituzumab Govitecan) (continued)


         The termination of license agreement, the ancillary agreements and assignment of intellectual property, regulatory
         materials and other assets related to sacituzumab govitecan are in substance a disposal of intangible asset to
         Immunomedics. The Group further assessed the performance obligations in the Agreement and concluded the disposal
         of intangible asset and provision of transition services are separate arrangements, as these two elements are not
         interdependent and considerations for each element are separately negotiated.


         For disposal of intangible asset, the Company completed the disposal on 31 October 2022 (the “Termination
         Effectiveness Date”) as all conditions related to the transfer of control over the intangible asset were met. For milestone
         payments up to USD175 million which are variable consideration, the Group determined the probability in achievement
         in these milestones was not probable due to the significant uncertainty in obtaining the regulatory approval and meeting
         the sales target. As a result, the total proceeds for disposal of intangible assets amounted to RMB2,267.4 million
         including waiver of the achieved milestone payments under the licensing agreement of USD25 million (equivalent to
         RMB168.2 million), upfront payment of USD280 million (equivalent to RMB1,883.3 million) and compensation of
         expenses of USD32.1 million (equivalent to RMB215.9 million) occurred by the Group before the Termination
         Effectiveness Date. The Group recognized a disposal gain of RMB1,322.3 million in the consolidated statement of
         comprehensive loss for the year ended 31 December 2022, which was the difference of total proceeds and the carrying
         value of intangible assets with the amount USD141 million (equivalent to RMB945.1 million). For upfront payment, the
         Group received USD84 million (equivalent to RMB565.0 million) in 2022 with the remaining USD196 million (equivalent
         to RMB1,358.1million) received subsequently in January and February 2023.


         For the transition services provided to Immunomedics before the Termination Effectiveness Date, since the intellectual
         property related to sacituzumab govitecan still belonged to the Group, all the expenditures occurred are considered as
         Group’s own development cost and the reimbursement of costs by Immunomedics is a payment for intellectual
         property and hence is considered as proceeds for disposal of intangible assets; The Group received such
         reimbursement of costs of USD32.1 million (equivalent to RMB222.5 million) subsequently in January and February
         2023; For transition services provided to Immunomedics after the Termination Effectiveness Date, since the control of
         intellectual property has been transferred to Immunomedics, it is in substance Group’s provision of research and
         development services to Immunomedics. Compensation received for such services is recognized in other income over
         the time during the service period based on the actual cost incurred, with corresponding cost recognised as cost of
         other income (Refer to Note 7). The transition services were completed in 2023.




                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

           (e)    Licenses acquired from Everest II (continued)

                  Nefecon


                  On 10 June 2019, Everest II entered into a license agreement with Calliditas who granted Everest II exclusive rights to
                  develop and commercialize Nefecon in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and Singapore.


                  Under the terms of the agreement, Everest II made an initial upfront payment of USD15 million (equivalent to RMB103.4
                  million) to Calliditas at signing of the agreement and capitalised such payment. Everest II also agreed to make
                  development and regulatory milestone payments, commercial milestone payments, as well as tiered royalties on net
                  sales to Calliditas.


                  After the acquisition of Everest II, the Group made the milestone payment of USD5 million (equivalent to RMB34.5
                  million) in January 2020 and USD3 million (equivalent to RMB19.3 million) in December 2021 to Calliditas and such
                  payment was capitalised.


                  In March 2022, the Group and Calliditas entered into an amendment to the license agreement to expand the
                  geographic coverage of the license to South Korea, and paid an upfront payment of USD3 million (equivalent to
                  RMB20.2 million) which was capitalised.


                  In November 2022, the Group made a milestone payment of USD5 million (equivalent to RMB33.6 million) which was
                  capitalised.


                  In November 2023, the first NDA conditional was approved in Mainland China and the Group made a milestone
                  payment of USD5 million (equivalent to RMB35.2 million) which was capitalised.


                  In December 2023, the first NDA full approval was made by the FDA and the Group made a milestone payment of
                  USD3 million (equivalent to RMB21.1 million) which was capitalised.




166    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

   (f)   Collaboration and license agreement with Providence Therapeutics Holdings Inc.
         (“Providence”)

         mRNA COVID-19 Vaccines


         In September 2021, the Group entered into a license agreement with Providence, pursuant to which Providence
         granted the Group exclusive rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize mRNA vaccines against COVID-19,
         including PTX-COVID19-B in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and certain Asian countries.


         Under the terms of the agreement, the Group made an initial upfront payment of USD50 million (equivalent to
         RMB322.6 million) to Providence in September 2021 and capitalised such payment. The Group also agreed to make
         payments for profit sharing, as well as royalties on net sales to Providence.


         Collaboration Products


         The Group and Providence also agreed to conduct collaborative research and develop two prophylactic or therapeutic
         products (the “Collaboration Products”), pursuant to which Providence has granted the Group a royalty-free, non-
         exclusive license in the Collaboration Products and each of the Group and Providence is entitled to 50% of the
         worldwide rights to the Collaboration Products.


         Technology Platform


         In September 2021, the Group entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Providence, pursuant to which
         Providence agreed to transfer the platform technology mainly related to the developing and manufacturing of mRNA
         vaccine products. Under the terms of the agreement, the Group made an initial upfront payment of USD50 million
         (equivalent to RMB336.3 million) to Providence and capitalised such payment. The Group is in the process of
         development of platform technology so the intangible assets are not available for use until the manufacturing approval is
         obtained.


         On 15 December 2022, upon in vivo proof of concept of a first candidate of Collaboration Products, the Company
         issued 3,492,365 ordinary shares to Providence with issue price of HKD13.12 with aggregate value USD5.9 million
         (equivalent to RMB39.6 million) and capitalised as intangible assets.




                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

           (f)    Collaboration and license agreement with Providence Therapeutics Holdings Inc.
                  (“Providence”) (continued)

                  Termination of collaboration and license agreement


                  On 16 February 2024, the Company and Providence entered into a termination agreement (the “Termination
                  Agreement”) whereby the parties agreed to terminate the above collaboration and license agreements in entirety,
                  effective as of 16 February 2024 (the “Effective Date”), and any and all obligations of one party to the other party are
                  forever waived, satisfied and extinguished and neither party shall have any further obligation, responsibility, liability to
                  each other under the collaboration and license agreements or any performance of activities thereunder.


                  In addition, pursuant to the Termination Agreement, the parties agreed that (i) Providence shall grant the Company a
                  worldwide, perpetual and irrevocable, royalty-free (except as set forth below), non-exclusive license, with the right to
                  sublicense in part (but not in whole or substantially in whole), to all intellectual property rights (or embodiments of such
                  rights) provided, transferred, or made available by Providence to the Company as of immediately prior to the Effective
                  Date, to exploit the Collaboration Products (i.e. rabies vaccine program and the shingles vaccine program) and the
                  additional products (including COVID-19 vaccines); (ii) each of the Company and Providence shall own any such
                  intellectual property rights developed by it after the Effective Date; and (iii) the Company and Providence shall co-own
                  certain intellectual property rights related to the Collaboration Products.


                  The Company agreed to pay Providence (i) a one-time, upfront payment of USD4.0 million; and (ii) potential regulatory
                  milestone payments of up to USD17.5 million should the Company decide to develop the Collaboration Products. In
                  addition, the Company shall pay Providence royalties from the sale of Collaboration Products in the Providence territory,
                  and Providence shall pay the Company royalties from the sale of Collaboration Products in the Everest territory, each at
                  a rate of a low-single-digit percentage of the aggregate net sales of the Collaboration Product(s) during the applicable
                  royalty payment term.


                  The Company assessed that the termination had no significant impact on the continuous research and development of
                  COVID-19 Vaccines and Collaboration Products.




168    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

   (g)   License Agreement with Sinovent Pharmaceuticals, Co., Ltd. (“Sinovent”) and SinoMab
         BioScience Limited. (“SinoMab”)

         XNW-1011


         In September 2021, the Group entered into a license agreement with Sinovent and SinoMab. Pursuant to which,
         Sinovent and SinoMab granted the Group an exclusive worldwide rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize
         XNW1011.


         Under the terms of the agreement, the Group made an initial upfront payment of USD12 million (equivalent to RMB77.4
         million) to Sinovent and SinoMab in September 2021 and capitalised such payment. The Group also agreed to make
         development and regulatory milestone payments, commercial milestone payments, as well as tiered royalties on net
         sales to Sinovent and SinoMab.


   (h)   License Agreement with Singapore’s Experiential Drug Development Centre (“EDDC”)

         EDDC-2214


         In January 2022, the Group entered into a License Agreement with EDDC, pursuant to which EDDC granted the Group
         an exclusive worldwide rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize COVID-19 oral antiviral treatments.


         Under the terms of the agreement, the Group made an upfront payment of USD2.5 million (equivalent to RMB16.5
         million) to EDDC in January 2022 and capitalised such payment. The Group also agreed to pay clinical and commercial
         milestone payment, as well as royalties on net sales of products.


         On 24 October 2022, as the Group issued a termination notice to EDDC, pursuant to which the Group desired to
         terminate the licensing agreement with EDDC and transfer the materials, reports and documents related to COVID-19
         oral antiviral treatments to EDDC with no consideration. As a result, the Group recognized a full impairment loss of
         RMB16.5 million for the related intangible asset given no economic benefits can be recovered. The termination
         agreement was subsequently entered into between the Group and EDDC in January 2023 and the termination was
         effective accordingly.




                                                                                  Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

           (i)    Collaboration and license agreement with Kezar Life Sciences, Inc. (“Kezar”)

                  Zetomipzomib


                  In September 2023, the Group entered into a License Agreement with Kezar, pursuant to which Kezar granted the
                  Group an exclusive rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize Zetomipzomib in Mainland China, Taiwan, Hong
                  Kong, Macau, South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam and Philippines.


                  Under the terms of the agreement, the Group made an initial upfront payment of USD7 million (equivalent to RMB49.3
                  million) to Kezar in October 2023 and capitalised such payment.


           (j)    Impairment test

                  The Group’s in-licenses and IPR&D are intangible assets not yet ready for use which are tested annually based on the
                  recoverable amount of the cash generating unit (“CGU”) to which the intangible assets are related. The appropriate
                  CGU of each IPR&D is determined at the drug product level. The annual impairment test was performed for each CGU
                  by engaging an independent appraiser to estimate the fair value less cost to sell as the recoverable amount of each
                  drug. The fair value of the future cash flows is based on the discounted cash flow model and the Group estimated the
                  forecast period till year 2035 for each drug product based on the estimated timing of clinical development and
                  regulatory approval, commercial ramp up to reach expected peak revenue potential, and the length of exclusivity for
                  each product. The estimated revenue of each drug is based on management’s estimate of timing of commercialization.
                  The costs and operating expenses are estimated as a percentage over the revenue forecast period based on the
                  current margin levels of comparable companies with adjustments made to reflect the expected future price changes.
                  Where some common assets, such as buildings, production lines, equipments and manufacturing machines, are
                  attributable to more than one CGU, the cost of such assets are allocated to relevant CGUs on reasonable basis. The
                  discount rates used are post tax and reflect specific risks relating to the relevant products that would be considered by
                  market participants.




170    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                    (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

   (j)   Impairment test (continued)

         The fair value of the CGU is classified as a level 3 fair value and the key assumptions used for recoverable amount
         calculations as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 are as follows:


         Etrasimod


                                                                                As at 31 December        As at 31 December
                                                                                                2023                    2022


          Discount rate                                                                       16.0%                    18.0%
          Revenue growth rate                                                         –1% to 350%             –29% to 681%
          Recoverable amount of CGU (in RMB million)                                         3,024.0                  1,575.0


         Ralinepag


                                                                                As at 31 December        As at 31 December
                                                                                                2023                    2022


          Discount rate                                                                           NA                   18.0%
          Revenue growth rate                                                                     NA          –24% to 693%
          Recoverable amount of CGU (in RMB million)                                              NA                    562.6


         Eravacycline manufacturing know-how


                                                                                As at 31 December        As at 31 December
                                                                                                2023                    2022


          Discount rate                                                                       16.0%                    18.0%
          Revenue growth rate                                                        –13% to 194%           –21% to 2,853%
          Recoverable amount of CGU (in RMB million)                                         2,256.6                  1,586.3




                                                                                Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

           (j)    Impairment test (continued)

                  FGF401


                                                                As at 31 December   As at 31 December
                                                                            2023                2022


                   Discount rate                                           16.0%               18.0%
                   Revenue growth rate                             –38% to 337%       –38% to 1,539%
                   Recoverable amount of CGU (in RMB million)               504.2              513.2


                  Taniborbactam


                                                                As at 31 December   As at 31 December
                                                                            2023                2022


                   Discount rate                                           16.0%               18.0%
                   Revenue growth rate                             –10% to 346%          5% to 109%
                   Recoverable amount of CGU (in RMB million)             1,109.3              949.6


                  SPR206


                                                                As at 31 December   As at 31 December
                                                                            2023                2022


                   Discount rate                                           16.0%               18.0%
                   Revenue growth rate                             -9% to 1,290%        –1% to 299%
                   Recoverable amount of CGU (in RMB million)             1,374.1              712.5




172    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                       (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

   (j)   Impairment test (continued)

         Nefecon


                                                                  As at 31 December        As at 31 December
                                                                                  2023                    2022


          Discount rate                                                         16.0%                    18.0%
          Revenue growth rate                                            2% to 275%               7% to 169%
          Recoverable amount of CGU (in RMB million)                          13,341.8                  1,243.1


         mRNA COVID-19 Vaccines (a)


                                                                  As at 31 December        As at 31 December
                                                                                  2023                    2022


          Discount rate                                                         16.0%                    18.0%
          Revenue growth rate                                           –0% to 100%              –14% to 99%
          Recoverable amount of CGU (in RMB million)                           1,368.7                  6,554.0




                                                                  Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

           (j)    Impairment test (continued)

                  Technology Platform (a)


                                                                                                               As at 31 December              As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                   2023                          2022


                    Discount rate                                                                                                16.0%                              NA
                    Revenue growth rate                                                                                 4% to 181%                                  NA
                    Recoverable amount of CGU (in RMB million)                                                                  4,020.1                             NA


                  (a)   The Company performed impairment assessment for mRNA COVID-19 Vaccines, Technology Platform and related mRNA vaccines production lines
                        by identifying CGUs which were determined at the drug product level, i.e. mRNA COVID-19 Vaccines and other mRNA vaccine products. Since
                        Technology Platform and related mRNA vaccines production lines can be beneficial for both COVID-19 Vaccines and other mRNA vaccine products,
                        the carrying value of these assets are proportionately allocated based on CGUs which are determined on product level for the purpose of impairment
                        assessment. The Company is in the process of research and development of COVID-19 and other mRNA vaccine products in accordance with the
                        Company’s planned schedules and the termination with Providence had no significant impact on the continuous research and development work.
                        Based on management’s assessment, no impairment was provided for both COVID-19 Vaccines and other mRNA vaccine products related assets.
                        For 2022, mRNA COVID-19 Vaccines, Technology Platform and related mRNA vaccines production lines were determined as one CGU only for
                        mRNA COVID-19 Vaccines product for the purpose of impairment testing.



                  XNW 1011


                                                                                                               As at 31 December              As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                   2023                          2022


                    Discount rate                                                                                                16.0%                         18.0%
                    Revenue growth rate                                                                               6% to 1,281%                1.8% to 228.2%
                    Recoverable amount of CGU (in RMB million)                                                                  1,090.2                         811.4


                  Zetomipzomib


                                                                                                               As at 31 December              As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                   2023                          2022


                    Discount rate                                                                                                16.0%                             N/A
                    Revenue growth rate                                                                                –7% to 269%                                 N/A
                    Recoverable amount of CGU (in RMB million)                                                                    977.5                            N/A




174    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                     (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

   (j)   Impairment test (continued)

         Impairment test — sensitivity


         The Company performed sensitivity test by increasing 1% of discount rate or decreasing 1% of revenue growth rate in
         absolute amount, which are the key assumptions to determine the recoverable amount of each intangible asset, with all
         other variables held constant. The impacts on the amount by which the intangible asset’s recoverable amount above its
         carrying amount (headroom) are as below:


         Etrasimod


                                                                                 As at 31 December        As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2023                    2022
                                                                                     (in RMB million)          (in RMB million)


          Headroom                                                                              2,925                    1,477
          Impact by increasing discount rate                                                     (324)                    (129)
          Impact by decreasing revenue growth rate                                               (229)                    (107)


         Ralinepag


                                                                                 As at 31 December        As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2023                    2022
                                                                                     (in RMB million)          (in RMB million)


          Headroom                                                                                 NA                      510
          Impact by increasing discount rate                                                       NA                      (56)
          Impact by decreasing revenue growth rate                                                 NA                      (38)


         Eravacycline manufacturing know-how


                                                                                 As at 31 December        As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2023                    2022
                                                                                     (in RMB million)          (in RMB million)


          Headroom                                                                              2,050                    1,430
          Impact by increasing discount rate                                                     (139)                    (107)
          Impact by decreasing revenue growth rate                                               (260)                    (126)




                                                                                 Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   175
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

           (j)    Impairment test (continued)

                  Impairment test — sensitivity (continued)


                  FGF401


                                                                As at 31 December     As at 31 December
                                                                              2023                 2022
                                                                   (in RMB million)      (in RMB million)


                   Headroom                                                    346                  357
                   Impact by increasing discount rate                          (76)                  (74)
                   Impact by decreasing revenue growth rate                    (45)                  (44)


                  Taniborbactam


                                                                As at 31 December     As at 31 December
                                                                              2023                 2022
                                                                   (in RMB million)      (in RMB million)


                   Headroom                                                    655                  503
                   Impact by increasing discount rate                         (111)                 (102)
                   Impact by decreasing revenue growth rate                   (120)                  (80)


                  SPR206


                                                                As at 31 December     As at 31 December
                                                                              2023                 2022
                                                                   (in RMB million)      (in RMB million)


                   Headroom                                                  1,267                  608
                   Impact by increasing discount rate                         (182)                  (87)
                   Impact by decreasing revenue growth rate                    (78)                  (67)




176    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                         (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

   (j)   Impairment test (continued)

         Impairment test — sensitivity (continued)


         Nefecon


                                                                    As at 31 December        As at 31 December
                                                                                    2023                    2022
                                                                        (in RMB million)          (in RMB million)


          Headroom                                                                12,737                      704
          Impact by increasing discount rate                                      (1,248)                    (115)
          Impact by decreasing revenue growth rate                                (1,197)                     (96)


         mRNA COVID-19 Vaccines


                                                                    As at 31 December        As at 31 December
                                                                                    2023                    2022
                                                                        (in RMB million)          (in RMB million)


          Headroom                                                                   650                    5,817
          Impact by increasing discount rate                                        (101)                    (386)
          Impact by decreasing revenue growth rate                                  (114)                    (488)


         Platform technology


                                                                    As at 31 December        As at 31 December
                                                                                    2023                    2022
                                                                        (in RMB million)          (in RMB million)


          Headroom                                                                 3,656                      NA
          Impact by increasing discount rate                                        (485)                     NA
          Impact by decreasing revenue growth rate                                  (232)                     NA




                                                                    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   177
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      16 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

           (j)    Impairment test (continued)

                  Impairment test — sensitivity (continued)


                  XNW-1011


                                                                                          As at 31 December      As at 31 December
                                                                                                         2023                  2022
                                                                                             (in RMB million)        (in RMB million)


                   Headroom                                                                             1,005                   728
                   Impact by increasing discount rate                                                    (151)                  (110)
                   Impact by decreasing revenue growth rate                                               (58)                      (51)


                  Zetomipzomib


                                                                                          As at 31 December      As at 31 December
                                                                                                         2023                  2022
                                                                                             (in RMB million)        (in RMB million)


                   Headroom                                                                               928                       NA
                   Impact by increasing discount rate                                                    (121)                      NA
                   Impact by decreasing revenue growth rate                                               (67)                      NA


                  Considering there was sufficient headroom based on the assessment, management believes that a reasonably possible
                  change in any of the key assumptions on which management has based its determination of each intangible asset’s
                  recoverable amount would not cause its carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.


                  Based on the result of above assessment, except for impairment recorded for Ralinepag and EDDC-2214 as disclosed
                  in Note 16(a) and Note 16(h), there was no impairment for the intangible asset as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.




178    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




17 INVESTMENTS

                                                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                                                             2023                           2022
                                                                                                                       RMB’000                        RMB’000


    Investments in I-Mab — at FVOCI (a)                                                                                    35,565                        76,939
    Investments in Venatorx — at FVPL (b)                                                                                  13,365                        12,303


                                                                                                                           48,930                        89,242


  (a)   Investments in I-Mab represents the Group’s investments in 6,078,571 ordinary shares issued by I-Mab upon I-Mab’s initial public offering on 17 January
        2020. The Group subsequently measures this investment at fair value and has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investment in other
        comprehensive income.


        As at 31 December 2023, based on quoted market share price of I-Mab, the fair value of this investment was USD5.0 million (equivalent to RMB35.6 million),
        which is USD6.0 million (equivalent to RMB41.3 million) lower than the fair value of USD11.0 million (equivalent to RMB76.9 million) of 31 December 2022,
        and the difference of RMB41.3 million was recorded as a loss in other comprehensive loss for the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB721.6 million
        was recorded as a loss in other comprehensive loss).


  (b)   The Group acquired the investment in Venatorx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Venatorx”) through the acquisition of Everest II. Everest II invested in 141,553 Series
        B convertible preferred stock (Series B Preferred Stock) issued by Venatorx in October 2018. The Series B Preferred Stock is a debt instrument from issuer’s
        perspective as Venatorx cannot prevent deemed liquidation event from happening. Thus, the investment in Venatorx is classified as investment at fair value
        through profit or loss.


        The investment in Venatorx is classified as Level 3 investment. During the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group assessed whether fair value
        has changed, considering changes in circumstances such as: the current performance of Venatorx is significantly above or below the expectations at the
        time of the original investment; market, economic or company specific conditions have significantly improved or deteriorated since the time of the original
        investment, and any financing activities of Venatorx. The result of such consideration provided indications whether the carrying value of the investment
        should be increased or decreased to represent fair value.


        With the assistance of an independent valuer, as of 31 December 2023, the fair value of the investment in Series B Preferred Stock are estimated by using
        adjusted equity value method first to determine the total equity value of Venatorx, and then option pricing model was adopted to allocate the equity value to
        the Series B Preferred Stock. Based on the Group’s assessment, the fair value of this investment in Venatorx was USD1.9 million (equivalent to RMB13.4
        million) which is USD0.1 million (equivalent to RMB0.8million), higher than the carrying value of USD1.8 million as of 31 December 2022, and the difference
        of RMB0.8 million was recorded in profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2023. The key assumptions as at 31 December 2023 are summarized as
        follows:


                                                                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                                             2023


          Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                                            4.2%
          Expected volatility                                                                                                                               112%


        As at 31 December 2022, the fair value of this investment was determined by reference to the recent transaction price in March 2022, when Venatorx
        completed another round of financing. Based on the Group’s assessment, the fair value of this investment in Venatorx was USD1.8 million (equivalent to
        RMB11.9 million) which is USD3.2 million (equivalent to RMB21.7 million), lower than the carrying value of USD5 million as of 31 December 2021, and the
        difference of RMB21.7 million was recorded in profit or loss for the year ended 31 December 2022.




                                                                                                         Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023                 179
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      18 OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

                                                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                       2023                           2022
                                                                                                                                 RMB’000                        RMB’000


             Rental deposits                                                                                                          5,504                          6,163
             Loan to a director (a)                                                                                                   2,403                          2,334
             Prepayment for equipment                                                                                                    619                       80,524


                                                                                                                                      8,526                        89,021


           (a)    On 2 July 2020, the Company provided a loan to one director of the Company, at the total amount of USD325 thousand. The loan has term of three years
                  and a simple interest rate of 5.0% per annum. The principal and accrued interest will be paid on maturity date. In 2021, pursuant to an amendment
                  agreement with this director, the interest rate decreased from 5.0% per annum to 1.25% per annum. In July 2023, according to the contract, such loan was
                  automatically renewed for another three years with the same interest rate of 1.25% per annum, and the principal and interests will be repaid by this director
                  in July 2026.


                  Other than above, there were no outstanding loan made for the purpose of employee share scheme or loans to employees during the years ended 31
                  December 2023 and 2022.



      19 INVENTORIES

                                                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                       2023                           2022
                                                                                                                                 RMB’000                        RMB’000


             Drug products                                                                                                           18,944                        11,637




180    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




20 TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2023                    2022
                                                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000


   Trade receivables from contracts with customers                                               49,858                    5,214


                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2023                    2022
                                                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000


   Within 3 months                                                                               49,858                    5,214


  The Group’s trading term with its customers are based on the payment schedule of the contracts with normal credit term
  from 60 to 90 days from the day of billing. The ageing of trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
  date of invoice or the date of the service rendered, is less than three months and the expected credit loss is minimal. Trade
  receivables are non-interest-bearing. The carrying amounts of trade receivables approximate to their fair values.


  The carrying amount of the Group’s trade receivables is denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2023                    2022
                                                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000


   CNY                                                                                           26,636                        –
   USD                                                                                           22,360                        –
   SGD                                                                                               862                   5,214


                                                                                                 49,858                    5,214




                                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   181
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      21 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

                                                                                                                                Financial assets
                                                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                   2023                2022
                                                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000


             Assets as per statements of financial position
             Amortised cost:
             Other non-current assets, excluding non-financial assets                                                             7,907               8,497
             Prepayments and other current assets, excluding non-financial assets                                               24,251             1,658,326
             Trade receivables (a)                                                                                              49,858                5,214
             Bank deposits                                                                                                  1,826,628              1,160,588
             Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                         523,063              490,788


             Fair value through profit and loss:
             Investments in Venatorx                                                                                            13,365               12,303


             Fair value through other comprehensive income:
             Investments in I-Mab                                                                                               35,565               76,939


                                                                                                                            2,480,637              3,412,655


           (a)    As of 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the ageing of trade receivables is within one year from the invoice date.




182    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




21 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                         Financial liabilities
                                                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                                                             2023                    2022
                                                                                                                       RMB’000                   RMB’000


    Liabilities as per statements of financial position
    Amortised cost:
    Trade and other payables                                                                                             191,840                  425,617
    Other current liabilities                                                                                                     –               424,081
    Borrowings                                                                                                           451,978                         –
    Lease liabilities                                                                                                      58,648                  79,634


    Fair value through profit and loss:
    Financial instruments issued to investors                                                                              28,614                  30,923


                                                                                                                         731,080                  960,255


22 PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS

                                                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                                                             2023                    2022
                                                                                                                       RMB’000                   RMB’000


    Value-added tax recoverable                                                                                            47,248                  23,272
    Interest receivables                                                                                                   21,696                   9,214
    Receivables due from third parties (a)                                                                                 13,012                1,648,825
    Prepayments to suppliers                                                                                                6,042                  64,290
    Rental deposits                                                                                                            206                    287
    Others                                                                                                                     916                     27


                                                                                                                           89,120                1,745,915


  (a)    As at 31 December 2022, receivables due from a third party represented the unsettled proceeds from disposal of intangible asset and receivables from
         transition service provided. The receivables were subsequently received in January and February 2023 (Refer to Note 16(e)).




                                                                                                         Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023         183
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      22 PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS (CONTINUED)

           None of the above assets is past due or impaired. The financial assets included in the above balances mainly related to rental
           deposits for which there was no history of default and the expected credit losses are considered minimal.


      23 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND BANK DEPOSITS

                                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                                             2023                     2022
                                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000


             Cash at bank                                                                                 523,063                 490,788
             Bank deposits                                                                              1,826,628               1,160,588


                                                                                                        2,349,691               1,651,376



             Cash and bank balances denominated in:
             — USD                                                                                      2,222,712               1,465,887
             — RMB                                                                                         97,366                 170,774
             — HKD                                                                                         25,118                    6,929
             — SGD                                                                                           3,040                   3,073
             — KRW                                                                                           1,455                   4,713


                                                                                                        2,349,691               1,651,376


           As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, cash and cash equivalents of the Group are mainly denominated in USD and RMB (2022:
           USD and RMB).


           Bank deposits included fixed rate certificates of deposit not fall in the scope of cash equivalents and term deposits with initial
           term of over three months and less than one year. Bank deposits were neither past due nor impaired. The directors of the
           Company considered that the carrying amount of the bank deposits approximated to their fair value as of 31 December 2023.
           The effective interest rates of the bank deposits for the year ended 31 December 2023 were 5.20%–5.35%.




184    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




24 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ISSUED TO INVESTORS

                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2023                     2022
                                                                                                RMB’000                 RMB’000


   Non-current
   Preferred Shares issued by EverNov                                                             28,614                   30,923


  On 20 June 2018, the Company’s subsidiary EverNov entered into a license agreement with Novartis International
  Pharmaceutical Ltd. (“Novartis”) and obtained the right to research, develop and commercialize one compound FGF401. The
  total upfront fee paid for the license included cash consideration of USD20 million (equivalent to RMB133 million) and
  4,000,000 Series A-2 Convertible Preferred Shares issued by EverNov (See Note 16(d) for details). On the same date,
  EverNov issued 21,000,000 Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Shares to the Company, at the purchase price of USD1.00 per
  share for an aggregate purchase price of USD21 million (equivalent to RMB139 million) in cash.


  Pursuant to the Memorandum of Articles of Association of EverNov, Novartis has the option to request EverNov to redeem its
  equity interests at USD4 million (equivalent to RMB27 million) upon certain deemed liquidation events. Therefore, the
  Company designated the Series A-2 Convertible Preferred Shares as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. They
  are initially recognised at fair value.


  With the assistance of an independent valuer, the fair value of the preferred shares are estimated by using discounted cash
  flow method first to determine the total equity value of EverNov, and then option pricing model was adopted to allocate the
  equity value to the preferred shares. The key assumptions are summarized as follows:


                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2023                     2022


   Discount rate                                                                                   16.0%                   18.0%
   Discount of lack of marketability                                                               30.0%                   27.0%
   Risk-free interest rate                                                                          4.0%                    4.2%
   Expected volatility                                                                             77.0%                   83.0%




                                                                                    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023     185
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      24 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ISSUED TO INVESTORS (CONTINUED)

           EverNov’s preferred share activities during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are summarized below:


                                                                                                            EverNov Series A 2
                                                                                                                    Convertible
                                                                                                               Preferred Shares
                                                                                                                         RMB’000


             Balance as of 1 January 2023                                                                                 30,923
             Fair value change                                                                                             (2,819)
             Currency translation differences                                                                                510


             Balance as of 31 December 2023                                                                               28,614



             Balance as of 1 January 2022                                                                                 26,778
             Fair value change                                                                                             1,614
             Currency translation differences                                                                              2,531

             .
             Balance as of 31 December 2022                                                                               30,923




186    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




25 LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                                          2023                  2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000


    Minimum lease payments due
    — Within 1 year                                                                                     19,120                20,878
    — Between 1 and 2 years                                                                             20,349                23,606
    — Between 2 and 5 years                                                                             23,839                42,783
    — Over 5 years                                                                                            –                   561


                                                                                                        63,308                87,828


    Less: future finance charges                                                                         (4,660)               (8,194)
    Present value of lease liabilities                                                                  58,648                79,634
    Portion classified as current liabilities                                                           18,652                20,327
    Portion classified as non-current liabilities                                                       39,996                59,307


    Present value of lease liabilities due
    — Within 1 year                                                                                     18,652                20,327
    — Between 1 and 2 years                                                                             19,129                21,941
    — Between 2 and 5 years                                                                             20,867                36,926
    — Over 5 years                                                                                            –                   440


                                                                                                        58,648                79,634


   The following table sets forth the discount rate of our lease liabilities as the dates indicated:


                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                                          2023                  2022
                                                                                                             %                     %


    Lease liabilities                                                                          0.2%–13.71%             0.2%–13.71%


   The Group leases various properties for operation and these liabilities were measured at net present value of the lease
   payments during the lease terms that are not yet paid.




                                                                                        Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   187
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      25 LEASE LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

           The statement of profit or loss shows the following amounts relating to leases:


                                                                                                 Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                         2023                   2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000


             Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                               (17,200)               (26,414)
             Interest expense (included in finance costs)                                               (3,225)                (5,591)
             Expense relating to short-term leases (included in general
               and administrative expenses)                                                             (1,226)                (1,277)


           The total cash outflow for leases for the year ended 31 December 2023 were RMB21,495 thousand (2022: RMB30,592
           thousand), respectively.


           Information about right-of-use assets is set out in Note 15.


           As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group leases some offices and equipments under irrevocable lease contracts with
           lease term less than one year and leases of low value assets that have been exempted from recognition of right-of-use assets
           as permitted under IFRS16. The future aggregate minimum lease payment under irrevocable lease contracts for these
           exempted contracts are as follows:


                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                                         2023                   2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000


             No later than 1 year                                                                         453                    189




188    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




26 BORROWINGS
                                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                                                           2023                          2022
                                                                                                                     RMB’000                        RMB’000


    Non-current:
    Unsecured bank loans (a)                                                                                           230,000                                   –
    Secured bank loans (b)                                                                                             199,314                                   –


                                                                                                                       429,314                                   –


    Current:
    Secured bank loans (b)                                                                                               22,146                                  –
    Bank loans — interest payables                                                                                           518                                 –


                                                                                                                         22,664                                  –


                                                                                                                       451,978                                   –


  At 31 December, the group’s borrowings were repayable as follows:


                                                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                                                           2023                          2022
                                                                                                                     RMB’000                        RMB’000


    Within 1 year                                                                                                        22,664                                  –
    Between 1 and 2 years                                                                                              307,511                                   –
    Between 2 and 5 years                                                                                              121,803                                   –
    Over 5 years                                                                                                                –                                –


                                                                                                                       451,978                                   –

  (a)   In April 2023, the Group entered into a loan agreement with Industrial Bank Co., Ltd, Shanghai Branch, pursuant to which the Company obtained a loan of
        RMB230 million with the loan period from April 2023 to April 2025. The interest rate was one-year’s Loan Prime Rate (“LPR”) plus 0.9% with interests
        payable at each quarterly end. There was no guarantee or pledge for the loan. This loan contain certain standard covenants including, among others,
        limitation on liens, liquidation and dissolution of the Company. As at 31 December 2023, the Company was in compliance with all of the loan covenants.


  (b)   In August 2023, the Group entered into a loan agreement with Industrial Bank Co., Ltd, pursuant to which the Company obtained a loan of RMB221.46
        million with the loan period from August 2023 to August 2026. The interest rate was one-year’s Loan Prime Rate (“LPR”) plus 0.45% with interests payable
        at each quarterly end. The loan is pledged by 22.7273% equity interest of the Everest Medicines (China) Co., Ltd. This loan contains certain standard
        covenants including, among others, limitation on liens, liquidation and dissolution of the Company. As of 31 December 2023, the Company was in
        compliance with all of the loan covenants.




                                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023                189
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      27 OTHER CURRENT/NON — CURRENT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                          2023                           2022
                                                                                                                                    RMB’000                         RMB’000


             Non-current:
             Government grants (a)                                                                                                       6,053                                   –


             Current:
             Borrowings from Jiashan Shanhe (b)                                                                                                –                     424,081


                                                                                                                                         6,053                       424,081


           (a)    On 17 February 2023, the Group received a government grant of RMB6.2 million from local government to subsidize the Group’s purchase of property, plant
                  and equipment. The Group recorded the grant as deferred income in non-current liabilities, which is recognized as other income in consolidated statement
                  of comprehensive loss on a straight-line basis over the expected useful lives of the related assets.


           (b)    On 17 March 2020, the Company entered into an investment agreement and a supplemental agreement with Jiashan Shanhe Equity Investment Company
                  (“Jiashan Shanhe”), pursuant to which Jiashan Shanhe subscribed 37% of equity interest in Everest China, a subsidiary established under the Company’s
                  wholly owned subsidiary Everest Medicines II (HK) Limited (“Everest II HK”), in RMB cash equivalent to USD50 million. In addition, the Company transferred
                  all its equity interests in Everest Medicines (Suzhou) Inc., EverID Medicines (Beijing) Limited and Everstart Medicines (Shanghai) Limited to Everest China.


                  According to the supplemental agreement, right starting in the fourth year of the date of Jiashan Shanhe’s capital contribution, Jiashan Shanhe has the right
                  to require the Company Everest China or parties designated by the Company to redeem all of its investment in Everest China with the redemption price of
                  original investment amount plus a return at 8% simple rate per annum. At the same time, the Company has a call option to repurchase Jiashan Shanhe’s
                  investment in Everest China at the same time with the same repurchase amount. Furthermore, Jiashan Shanhe was not entitled to the right to appoint board
                  of directors, voting right in a shareholders’ meeting and dividend right but only retained the information right and right to appoint an observer to attend board
                  meetings. Therefore the Company classified the investment from Jiashan as borrowings in non-current liabilities, which are subsequently measured at
                  amortised cost using the effective interest rate method.


                  In June 2023, it was agreed that the Company repurchased all equity interests held by Jiashan Shanhe, through a newly established subsidiary in PRC, at
                  the cash consideration of RMB442.9 million, representing the original investment amount made by Jiashan Shanhe plus agreed interests. Upon the
                  completion of this transaction, the Company derecognized the borrowings from Jiashan Shanhe and Everest China became a wholly owned subsidiary of
                  the Company.




190    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




28 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                                                            2023                            2022
                                                                                                                      RMB’000                       RMB’000


    Salary and staff welfare payables                                                                                     63,251                      154,366
    Payables for property, plant and equipment                                                                            56,936                      129,057
    Trade payables (a)                                                                                                    48,893                        44,495
    Payables for service suppliers (a)                                                                                    46,587                        63,025
    Payable for intangible asset                                                                                          21,956                                –
    Accrued service fees due to CROs                                                                                      10,263                        27,701
    Tax payables                                                                                                           3,720                            5,962
    Others                                                                                                                 7,205                            1,011


                                                                                                                        258,811                       425,617


  As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, all trade and other payables of the Group were non-interest bearing, and their fair value
  approximately equal to their carrying amounts due to their short maturities.


  (a)     As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the ageing analysis of trade payables and payables for service suppliers based on invoice date are as follows:


                                                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                                                              2023                           2022
                                                                                                                         RMB’000                       RMB’000


           — Within 1 year                                                                                                  95,480                      107,520



29 SHARE CAPITAL

  Share capital of the Company

                                                                                                                    Number of             Nominal value of
                                                                                                                          shares             shares in USD


    Authorized
    Authorized shares upon incorporation and as at
        31 December 2023 and 2022 (a)                                                                             500,000,000                           50,000




                                                                                                        Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023              191
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      29 SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)

           Share capital of the Company (continued)

                                                                                                Number of                 Nominal value                 Nominal value
                                                                                                      shares                    of shares                      of shares
                                                                                                                                    in USD                       in RMB


             Issued
             As at 1 January 2023                                                             312,088,673                           31,210                       211,465
             Issuance of ordinary shares to Share
                 Scheme Trusts (b)                                                                3,202,888                             320                         2,257
             Exercise of stock options                                                            8,413,159                             841                         5,928


             As at 31 December 2023                                                           323,704,720                           32,371                       219,650



             As at 1 January 2022                                                             298,522,435                           29,853                       202,269
             Issuance of ordinary shares to Share
                 Scheme Trusts (b)                                                                7,850,000                             785                         5,279
             Issuance of ordinary shares to
                 Providence (Note 16(g))                                                          3,492,365                             349                         2,422
             Cancellation of shares (c)                                                          (1,615,500)                            (162)                      (1,087)
             Exercise of stock options                                                            3,839,373                             385                         2,582


             As at 31 December 2022                                                           312,088,673                           31,210                       211,465


           (a)     The authorized share capital of USD50,000 is divided into 500,000,000 ordinary shares of a par value of USD0.0001 each.


           (b)     The Company issued ordinary shares with respect to the restricted share units and stock options under the employees share-based compensation
                   arrangements to be vested or exercised by certain grantees of the Company to trusts, which were established to hold the shares for and on behalf of the
                   grantees (“Share Scheme Trusts”).


                   The Company has the power to direct the relevant activities of the Share Scheme Trusts and it has the ability to use its power over the Share Scheme Trusts
                   to affect its exposure to returns. Therefore, the Company has consolidated the Share Scheme Trusts. Before the release of shares to grantees upon the
                   vesting and exercise of their awards, the ordinary shares held by Share Scheme Trust were regarded as treasury shares and presented as a deduction in
                   equity (Note 31(b)).


           (c)     During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company repurchased 1,615,500 shares in the market. These shares were subsequently cancelled on 10
                   June 2022.




192    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




30 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION

  (i)   Restricted share units

        The restricted share units issued to employees shall be released in accordance with the following schedule: (A) one-
        fourth (1/4) of such restricted share units shall be released on the first anniversary of the commencement date; (B) the
        remainder of such restricted shares shall be released in thirty-six (36) equal monthly instalments, twelve (12) equal
        quarterly instalment, or upon the second, third and fourth anniversaries of the commencement date.


        The following table summarizes the Group’s restricted shares activities:


                                                                                           Numbers of       Weighted average
                                                                                                 shares grant date fair value
                                                                                                                            USD


         Non-vested shares at 1 January 2023                                                10,727,179                      3.99
         Granted                                                                             7,179,974                      1.69
         Forfeited                                                                           (6,497,821)                    2.22
         Vested                                                                              (5,483,844)                    4.59


         Non-vested shares at 31 December 2023                                               5,925,488                      2.58



         Non-vested shares at 1 January 2022                                                 7,363,550                      7.11
         Granted                                                                            11,555,348                      1.80
         Forfeited                                                                           (4,476,948)                    2.24
         Vested                                                                              (3,714,771)                    5.48


         Non-vested shares at 31 December 2022                                              10,727,179                      3.99


        On 1 April 2022, as approved by the Company’s board of directors, a total of 4,500,000 restricted shares were granted
        to certain management executives with service and performance conditions. Performance conditions included non-
        market or market performance conditions and the assessment period for these performance conditions ends on 1 May
        2023. The non-market performance condition included specified performance targets of the Group’s operations; The
        market condition requires that certain shares to become vested upon achievement of each milestone when the average
        volume based closing trading price of the Company during any of 30 consecutive trading days higher than
        predetermined share prices.




                                                                                   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   193
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      30 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (CONTINUED)

           (i)    Restricted share units (continued)

                  On 19 September 2022, as approved by the Company’s board of directors, a total of 1,200,000 restricted shares were
                  granted to certain management executive with service and market performance conditions and the assessment period
                  for these performance conditions ends on 31 August 2024. The market condition requires that certain shares to
                  become vested upon achievement of each milestone when the average volume based closing trading price of the
                  Company during any of 30 consecutive trading days higher than pre-determined share prices.


                  On 3 April 2023, as approved by the Company’s board of directors, a total of 1,593,863 restricted shares were granted
                  to certain management executives with service and performance conditions. Performance conditions included non-
                  market or market performance conditions and the assessment period for these performance conditions ends on 3 April
                  2026. The Performance Target Awards shall become immediately vested upon the achievement of certain operational
                  targets and stock price targets as set out in the relevant grant letter.


                  For restricted share units with non-market performance condition, the Company adjusted the number of restricted
                  share units expected to vest at each reporting period. As of 31 December 2023, the Company believed all these
                  restricted share units are expected to vest; For restricted share units with market performance conditions, the Company
                  used Monte Carlo Simulation model to simulate the share price trend in the future to determine the time when such
                  market performance conditions are met, then share-based compensation expenses is recognized over the vesting
                  terms irrespective of whether that market performance conditions are achieved subsequently. Share-based
                  compensation expenses for those restricted share units granted on 1 April 2022, 19 September 2022 and 3 April 2023
                  were measured using the fair value of USD0.43, USD0.07 and during USD0.08 to USD0.47, respectively, at the grant
                  date respectively and were recognised in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss by using graded vesting
                  method over the vesting term.


                  The grant date fair value for restricted share units granted during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 were
                  computed using the Monte Carlo Simulation model with the assumptions summarized as follows:


                                                                                                   Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                           2023                   2022


                   Risk-free interest rate                                                         3.4%–4.9%               2.6%–3.7%
                   Expected dividend yield                                                                  0%                      0%
                   Expected volatility                                                                     60%                    65%




194    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




30 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (CONTINUED)

  (i)    Restricted share units (continued)

         Except for the restricted share units with market performance vesting conditions, the share-based compensation
         expenses for the restricted share units granted on 1 April 2022, 19 September 2022 and 3 April 2023 were measured
         using the fair value of the Company’s ordinary shares of USD2.92, USD1.13 and USD2.04 at the grant date,
         respectively, and were recognised in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss by using graded vesting
         method over the vesting term.


         The share-based compensation expenses for the restricted share units recognized for the year ended 31 December
         2023 were RMB48,488 thousand (2022: RMB165,291 thousand), respectively.


         As of 31 December 2023, there was RMB26,215 thousand (As of 31 December 2022: RMB96,888 thousand) of
         unrecognized share-based compensation expenses related to restricted share units, which is expected to be
         recognized over a weighted average period of 1.49 years (As of 31 December 2022: 1.52 years).


  (ii)   Stock option

         On 23 November 2017, the board of directors adopted a Stock Option Plan for Management Shareholders for issuance
         of stock options to Management Shareholders (“Stock Option Plan for Management Shareholders”). Such Plan has a
         contractual term of ten (10) years from the adoption date, and grants under the Plan vest over a period of three years of
         continuous service, with one-third (1/3) vesting upon the first anniversary of the stated vesting commencement date
         and the remaining vesting ratably over the following 24 months.


         On 25 December 2018, and amended on 17 February 2020, the board of directors adopted a Stock Option Plan for
         Employees for issuance of stock options to employee, officer, director, contractor, advisor or consultant of the Group
         with the maximum aggregate number of 8,080,489 shares reserved (“Stock Option Plan for Employees”). According to
         the Stock Option Plan for Employees, a contractual term of ten (10) years from adoption date, and grants under the
         Plan vest over a period of four years of continuous service, with one-fourth (1/4) vesting upon the first anniversary of the
         stated vesting commencement date and the remaining vesting ratably over the following 12 quarters.


         On 21 September 2020, the Company’s shareholders approved the Post IPO Share Option Scheme, which was
         effective upon completion of the Listing. The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options
         to be granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Company is
         28,369,038, being no more than 10% of the shares in issue on the date the shares commence trading on the Stock
         Exchange (assuming the Over-allotment Option is not exercised and no shares are issued under the share schemes.




                                                                                     Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023     195
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      30 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (CONTINUED)

           (ii)   Stock option (continued)

                  The following table summarizes the Group’s stock option activities:


                                                                                        Weighted       Weighted
                                                                  Number of              Average         Average    Aggregate
                                                                     Options            Exercise      Remaining       Intrinsic
                                                                Outstanding                Price Contractual Life       Value
                                                                                            USD                      RMB’000


                   Outstanding at 1 January 2023                  21,476,608                2.09             5.18      21,331
                   Granted                                         8,920,924                1.99
                   Forfeited                                      (6,360,779)               3.74
                   Exercised                                      (8,413,159)               0.50
                   Outstanding at 31 December 2023                15,623,594                2.21             5.55      50,333



                   Outstanding at 1 January 2022                  23,316,096                2.44             8.54     259,469
                   Granted                                        10,160,922                2.18
                   Forfeited                                       (8,161,037)              4.09
                   Exercised                                       (3,839,373)              0.20
                   Outstanding at 31 December 2022                21,476,608                2.09             5.18      21,331




196    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                     (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




30 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (CONTINUED)

  (ii)   Stock option (continued)

         The weighted average grant date fair value for options granted during the year ended 31 December 2023 was USD2.21
         (equivalent to RMB15.65), computed using Black Scholes model to determine the fair value as of the grant date, with
         the assumptions summarized as follows:


                                                                                                                 Year ended
                                                                                                        31 December 2023


          Risk-free interest rate                                                                                3.6%–3.7%
          Expected dividend yield                                                                                         0%
          Expected volatility                                                                                           60%


         The weighted average grant date fair value for stock options granted during the year ended 31 December 2022 was
         USD2.09 (equivalent to RMB14.56), computed using the Black Scholes model to determine the fair value as at the
         grant dates, with the assumptions summarized as follows:


                                                                                                                 Year ended
                                                                                                        31 December 2022


          Risk-free interest rate                                                                                2.6%–3.7%
          Expected dividend yield                                                                                         0%
          Expected volatility                                                                                            60%


         The share-based compensation expenses for the stock options recognized for the year ended 31 December 2023 were
         RMB24,864 thousand (2022: RMB40,820 thousand), respectively.


         As of 31 December 2023, there were unrecognized share-based compensation expenses of RMB25,689 thousand
         (As of 31 December 2022: RMB47,183 thousand) related to stock options, respectively.


  (iii) Other share-based compensation arrangements

         On 6 March 2020, Everest Management Holding Co., Ltd (“Manco”), the shareholder of the Company, granted its
         restricted shares to the Group’s directors for their services provided to the Group. The share-based compensation
         expenses for such restricted shares for the year ended 31 December 2023 were RMB68 thousand and were
         recognized by the Group in its consolidated financial statements accordingly (2022: RMB384 thousand).




                                                                                Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   197
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      31 RESERVES
                                                                       Capital reserve (a)     Treasury shares (b)                    Total
                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000                    RMB’000


             At 1 January 2023                                                 13,817,287                       (3)            13,817,284
             Share-based compensation                                               73,420                       –                   73,420
             Issuance of ordinary shares to
                 Share Scheme Trusts (Note 29(b))                                         –                     (2)                      (2)
             Restricted share units vested                                               (4)                     4                        –
             Exercise of stock options                                              29,781                       –                   29,781


             At 31 December 2023                                               13,920,484                       (1)            13,920,483


             At 1 January 2022                                                 13,623,367                  (58,707)            13,564,660
             Share-based compensation                                              206,495                       –                  206,495
             Issuance of ordinary shares to
                 Share Scheme Trusts (Note 29(b))                                         –                      (5)                     (5)
             Issuance of ordinary shares to
                 Providence (Note 16 (g))                                           40,855                       –                   40,855
             Restricted share units vested                                               (2)                     2                        –
             Exercise of stock options                                               5,278                       –                    5,278
             Cancellation of shares                                                (58,706)                58,707                         1


             At 31 December 2022                                               13,817,287                        (3)           13,817,284


           (a)     Capital reserve

                   Capital reserve includes share premium arising from the issuance of shares at a price in excess of par value.


           (b)     Treasury shares

                                                                       Number of shares                              RMB’000
                                                                          2023                 2022              2023                 2022


                    At beginning of the year                         6,629,657          4,109,928                      3             58,707
                    Cancellation of shares                                    –         (1,615,500)                    –            (58,707)
                    Issuance of ordinary shares to
                       Share Scheme Trusts (Note 29(b))              3,202,888          7,850,000                      2                  5
                    Restricted share units vested                   (5,483,844)         (3,714,771)                    (4)               (2)


                    At end of the year                               4,348,701          6,629,657                      1                  3




198    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




32 ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                    FVOCI reserve       Exchange reserve                       Total
                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000                 RMB’000


    At 1 January 2023                                                      (187,042)               196,048                     9,006
    Change in fair value of financial assets at FVOCI                       (42,461)                       –                 (42,461)
    Foreign currency translation                                                   –                 97,902                  97,902


    At 31 December 2023                                                    (229,503)               293,950                   64,447


    At 1 January 2022                                                      581,064                 (329,195)                251,869
    Change in fair value of financial assets at FVOCI                      (768,106)                       –               (768,106)
    Foreign currency translation                                                   –               525,243                  525,243


    At 31 December 2022                                                    (187,042)               196,048                     9,006


33 NOTE TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

  (i)   Major non-cash transactions — investing activities

                                                                                               Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2023                    2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000                  RMB’000


          Purchase of intangible assets                                                              21,866                 207,783
          Waiver of achieved milestones                                                                    –               (168,153)
          Fair value change in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                    848                  (21,748)


                                                                                                     22,714                  17,882




                                                                                       Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   199
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      33 NOTE TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
         (CONTINUED)

           (ii)   Major non-cash transactions — financing activities

                                                                                                 Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


                   Disposal of right-of-use assets                                                       (5,974)           (16,855)
                   Fair value change in financial instruments issued to investors                        (2,819)             1,614


                                                                                                         (8,793)           (15,241)


           (iii) Net debt reconciliation

                                                                       Other current/
                                                                         non-current      Preferred            Lease
                                                        Borrowings            liability     shares          liabilities      Total
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000


                   At 1 January 2023                               –         424,081        30,923            79,634       534,638
                   Financing cash flows in                 451,460                   –            –                  –     451,460
                   Financing cash flows out                  (7,945)        (442,930)             –          (20,269)     (471,144)
                   Interest expenses                          8,463           11,371              –              3,225      23,059
                   Non-cash transactions                           –                 –       (2,819)           (5,974)      (8,793)
                   Foreign currency translation                    –            7,478          510               2,032      10,020


                   At 31 December 2023                     451,978                   –      28,614            58,648       539,240



                   At 1 January 2022                               –         360,932        26,778           124,102       511,812
                   Financing cash flows out                        –                 –            –          (30,592)      (30,592)
                   Interest expenses                               –          28,775              –              5,591      34,366
                   Non-cash transactions                           –                 –       1,614           (16,855)      (15,241)
                   Foreign currency translation                    –          34,374         2,531             (2,612)      34,293


                   At 31 December 2022                             –         424,081        30,923            79,634       534,638




200    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




34 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

  Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or exercise
  significant influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Parties are also considered to be related
  if they are subject to common control, common significant influence or joint control.


  The equity holders, members of key management and their close family members of the Group are also considered as related
  parties. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the related party transactions were carried out in the normal course of
  business and at terms negotiated between the Group and the respective related parties.


  (i)   Name and relationship with related parties are set out below:

        CBC Group, mainly comprises C-Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P., C-Bridge Investment Everest Limited, C-Bridge II
        Investment Eight Limited, C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P., C-Bridge IV Investment Two Limited, C Bridge IV
        Investment Nine Limited Ltd., C-Bridge Capital Investment Management, Ltd. (“C-Bridge Capital”), CBC Group
        Investment Management, Ltd, C-Bridge Value Creation Limited and Everest Management Holding Co., Ltd. As at 31
        December 2023, C Bridge Healthcare Fund II, L.P. and C-Bridge Healthcare Fund IV, L.P., own approximately 41%
        (2022: 43%) of shares in the Group on a collective basis.


         Name of related party                                         Relationship


         CBC Joint Value Creation Limited.                             Entity controlled by CBC Group

        Save as disclosed elsewhere in the Notes in this report, the following is a summary of the significant transactions carried
        out between the Group and its related parties in the ordinary course of business during the years ended 31 December
        2023 and 2022.




                                                                                    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023    201
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      34 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

           (ii)   Transactions

                  These transactions were conducted in the normal course of business at prices and terms mutually agreed among the
                  parties.


                  (a)   Management consultancy services provided by a related party


                                                                                                    Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                           2023                    2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000


                             CBC Joint Value Creation Limited.                                             4,933                       –


                  (b)   Renewal of loan to a director


                                                                                                    Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                           2023                    2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000


                             Loan to a director                                                            2,403                       –


           (iii) Balances

                  (a)   Loan receivable due from a director


                                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                                           2023                    2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000


                             Loan receivable due from a director                                           2,403                   2,334


                        The above balances with related parties were mainly denominated in USD, unsecured, service provision in nature
                        and non-interest bearing. Their fair values approximated their carrying amounts as at 31 December 2023.


                        None of the above receivables is past due or impaired. The financial assets related to amount due from related
                        parties for which there was no history of default and the expected credit losses are considered minimal.




202    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                    (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




34 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

  (iv) Key management compensation:

       Key management includes directors and senior management. The compensation paid or payable to key management
       for employee services is shown below:


                                                                                        Years ended 31 December
                                                                                                2023                    2022
                                                                                           RMB’000                  RMB’000


         Salaries, wages and bonuses                                                          42,710                  66,017
         Contributions to pension plans                                                          547                      628
         Housing funds, medical insurance and other social insurance                           1,601                    1,923
         Share-based payments                                                                 22,251                  92,273
         Termination benefits                                                                  2,734                  11,124


                                                                                              69,843                 171,965


       The Salaries, wages and bonuses disclosed above include RMB10,128 thousand (2022: RMB28,214 thousand) of
       bonuses payable which were unpaid as at year end and are included in other payables. In addition, the Contributions to
       pension plans and Housing funds, medical insurance and other social insurance disclosed include RMB12 thousand
       (2022: RMB47 thousand) of obligations payable to the key management personnel. The share-based payments
       provided to key management personnel consist of options and deferred shares which are both equity-settled. The
       Termination benefits, representing the compensation the Group agreed to pay to these key management upon their
       termination of employment with the Group, include RMB0 thousand (2022: RMB9,152 thousand) of obligations payable
       to the key management personnel.


35 COMMITMENTS

  Other than lease commitments for short-term leases disclosed in Note 25, the Group had the following commitments:


  Capital expenditure commitments

                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                                2023                    2022
                                                                                           RMB’000                  RMB’000


   Property, plant and equipment                                                              78,714                 132,774




                                                                                Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   203
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      36 BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY

           (a)    Balance sheet

                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                    2023                 2022
                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000


                   Assets
                   Non-current assets
                   Intangible assets                            1,056,008            1,043,938
                   Investments in subsidiaries                  5,941,455            4,996,935
                   Investments                                    35,565               76,939
                   Right-of-use assets                                 –                1,119
                   Other non-current assets                        2,403                2,334


                                                                7,035,431            6,121,265


                   Current assets
                   Amounts due from subsidiaries                   6,065              162,905
                   Prepayments and other current assets           22,149              133,911
                   Bank deposits                                1,600,690            1,160,588
                   Cash and cash equivalents                     412,354              193,309


                                                                2,041,258            1,650,713


                   Total assets                                 9,076,689            7,771,978




204    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                    (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




36 BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY
   (CONTINUED)

  (a)   Balance sheet (continued)


                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                               2023                    2022
                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000


         Liabilities
         Non-current liabilities
         Borrowings                                                                         230,000                            –


                                                                                            230,000                            –


         Current liabilities
         Lease liabilities                                                                          –                  1,613
         Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                      1,079,097                  59,967
         Trade and other payables                                                              4,196                 12,845
         Borrowings                                                                              278                           –


                                                                                          1,083,571                  74,425


         Total liabilities                                                                1,313,571                  74,425


         Equity
         Equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company
         Share capital                                                                           219                     211
         Reserves                                                                        13,920,483              13,817,284
         Accumulated deficit                                                             (6,268,254)             (6,193,301)
         Accumulated other comprehensive income                                             110,670                  73,359


         Total equity                                                                     7,763,118               7,697,553


         Total equity and liabilities                                                     9,076,689               7,771,978


        Balance sheet of the Company was approved by the board of directors on 27 March 2024 and was signed on its
        behalf.


                                Yongqing Luo                                            Ian Ying Woo
                  Executive Directors, Chief Executive Officer      Executive Directors, President & Chief Financial Officer


                                                                               Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023      205
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




      36 BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY
         (CONTINUED)

           (b)    Reserve movement

                                                                Capital reserve    Treasury shares         Total
                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000       RMB’000


                   At 1 January 2023                                13,817,287                  (3)   13,817,284
                   Share-based compensation                             73,420                   –       73,420
                   Issuance of ordinary shares to
                      Share Scheme Trusts (Note 29(b))                       –                  (2)           (2)
                   Restricted share units vested                             (4)                 4             –
                   Exercise of stock options                            29,781                   –       29,781


                   At 31 December 2023                              13,920,484                  (1)   13,920,483



                   At 1 January 2022                                13,623,367             (58,707)   13,564,660
                   Share-based compensation                            206,495                   –      206,495
                   Issuance of ordinary shares to
                      Share Scheme Trusts (Note 29(b))                       –                  (5)           (5)
                   Issuance of ordinary shares to Providence
                      (Note 16(g))                                      40,855                   –       40,855
                   Restricted share units vested                             (2)                 2             –
                   Exercise of stock options                             5,278                   –         5,278
                   Cancellation of shares                              (58,706)            58,707             1


                   At 31 December 2022                              13,817,287                  (3)   13,817,284




206    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                            (Expressed in thousands of RMB unless otherwise stated)




36 BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY
   (CONTINUED)

  (c)   Accumulated other comprehensive income

                                                       FVOCI reserve     Exchange reserve                       Total
                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000                 RMB’000


         At 1 January 2023                                  (187,042)               260,401                   73,359
         Change in fair value of financial assets
           at FVOCI                                          (42,461)                       –                 (42,461)
         Foreign currency translation                              –                  79,772                  79,772


         At 31 December 2023                                (229,503)               340,173                  110,670



         At 1 January 2022                                   581,064                (392,192)                188,872
         Change in fair value of financial assets
           at FVOCI                                         (768,106)                       –               (768,106)
         Foreign currency translation                              –                652,593                  652,593


         At 31 December 2022                                (187,042)               260,401                   73,359




                                                                        Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   207
      Five Year Financial Summary



      CONSOLIDATED RESULTS

                                                                         Years ended 31 December
                                                           2023         2022          2021            2020         2019
                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000


      Operating loss                                    (932,738)    (256,800)   (1,026,332)       (688,457)    (176,112)
      Loss before income tax                            (844,463)    (247,275)   (1,008,719)   (5,658,165)      (214,512)
      Loss for the year attributable to the
        equity holders of the Company                   (844,463)    (247,283)   (1,008,719)   (5,658,165)      (214,512)


      Total comprehensive loss for the year
        attributable to the equity holders
        of the Company                                  (789,022)    (490,146)   (1,121,208)   (5,246,910)      (229,826)


      CONSOLIDATED ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                                                         Years ended 31 December
                                                           2023         2022          2021            2020         2019
                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000


      Non-current assets                               3,265,159    3,200,596    3,957,895     2,980,772       2,005,787
      Current assets                                   2,507,613    3,414,142    2,687,928     4,496,409        131,153
      Total assets                                     5,772,772    6,614,738    6,645,823     7,477,181       2,136,940
      Non-current liabilities                           503,977       90,230       483,561         449,196     2,494,149
      Current liabilities                               300,127      870,025       270,266         186,914      503,873
      Total liabilities                                 804,104      960,255       753,827         636,110     2,998,022


      Total equity/(deficit)                           4,968,668    5,654,483    5,891,996     6,841,071        (861,082)




208   Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                       Definitions



“AGM”                                    the annual general meeting of the Company to be held before 30 June 2024


“associate(s)”                           has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


“Articles of Association”                the articles of association of the Company amended on 29 June 2022, as amended
                                         from time to time


“Audit Committee”                        the audit committee of the Company


“Board” or “Board of Directors”          the board of directors of our Company


“CG Code”                                the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules


“China” or the “PRC”                     the People’s Republic of China, and for the purpose of this report only, except where
                                         the context requires otherwise, excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special
                                         Administrative Region and Taiwan


“Companies Ordinance”                    the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended,
                                         supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Company”, “our Company”,                Everest Medicines Limited, an exempted company with limited liability incorporated in
  “the Company” or “Everest Medicines”   Cayman Islands and the Shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock
                                         Exchange (stock code: 1952)


“connected person(s)”                    has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“connected transactions”                 has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“Controlling Shareholder(s)”             has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


“Director(s)”                            the director(s) of our Company


“Global Offering”                        the Hong Kong Public Offering and the International Offering as defined in the
                                         Prospectus




                                                                                 Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   209
      Definitions




      “Group”, “our Group”, “the Group”,                the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time
        “we”, “us” or “our”


      “Hong Kong” or “HK”                               the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China


      “Hong Kong dollars”, “HK dollars”,                Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
        “HKD” or “HK$”


      “IFRS”                                            International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time by the
                                                        International Accounting Standards Board


      “IND”                                             investigational new drug or investigational new drug application, also known as
                                                        clinical trial application in China


      “IPO”                                             initial public offering


      “Latest Practicable Date”                         25 March 2024, being the latest practicable date for ascertaining certain information
                                                        in this annual report before its publication


      “Listing”                                         the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange


      “Listing Date”                                    9 October 2020, the date on which the Shares were listed and on which dealings in
                                                        the Shares are first permitted to take place on the Stock Exchange


      “Listing Rules”                                   the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                                        Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


      “Main Board”                                      the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock Exchange
                                                        which is independent from and operates in parallel with the GEM of the Stock
                                                        Exchange


      “Model Code”                                      the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set out in
                                                        Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules


      “NDA”                                             new drug application




210    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                    Definitions




“NMPA”                           China National Medical Products Administration (國家藥品監督管理局), successor to
                                 the China Food and Drug Administration (國家食品藥品監督管理總局)


“Nomination Committee”           the nomination committee of the Company


“Post-IPO Share Award Scheme”    the post-IPO share award scheme adopted by the Company on 21 September 2020


“Post-IPO Share Option Scheme”   the post-IPO share option scheme adopted by the Company on 21 September 2020


“Post-IPO Share Schemes”         the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme and the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme


“PRC Legal Advisor”              Zhong Lun Law Firm, our legal advisor on PRC law


“Pre-IPO ESOP”                   the employee equity plan approved and adopted by our Company on 25 December
                                 2018 as amended and restated on 17 February 2020


“Pre-IPO MSOP”                   the employee stock option plan approved and adopted by our Company on 23
                                 November 2017


“Pre-IPO Share Schemes”          the Pre-IPO ESOP and Pre-IPO MSOP


“Prospectus”                     the prospectus of the Company dated 25 September 2020


“Remuneration Committee”         the Remuneration Committee of the Company


“Reporting Period”               the year ended 31 December 2023


“RMB” or “Renminbi”              Renminbi, the lawful currency of PRC


“SFO”                            Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                 amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Share(s)”                       ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company, currently with a par value of
                                 US$0.0001 each


“Share Schemes”                  the Pre-IPO Share Schemes and the Post-IPO Share Schemes




                                                                        Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023   211
      Definitions




      “Shareholder(s)”                                  holder(s) of the Share(s)


      “Stock Exchange”                                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


      “subsidiary” or “subsidiaries”                    has the meaning ascribed to it thereto in section 15 of the Companies Ordinance


      “substantial shareholder”                         has the meaning ascribed to it in the Listing Rules


      “United States” or “U.S.”                         the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas subject to its
                                                        jurisdiction


      “US dollars”, “U.S. dollars”,                     United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States
        “US$” or “USD”


      “%”                                               per cent




212    Everest Medicines Limited / Annual Report 2023
