                               News Release                                   22 April 2026
                                  BUNZL Q1 TRADING STATEMENT
                 TRADING CONSISTENT WITH EXPECTATIONS; 2026 GUIDANCE UNCHANGED

     Bunzl plc, the specialist international distribution and services Group, today announces its trading statement
     for the three month period to 31 March 2026.

     Bunzl has delivered a resilient performance in the first quarter against a backdrop of significant
     macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty. Group revenue in the period grew by 1.5% at constant exchange
     rates, with underlying revenue1 increasing by 2.0%, supported by both volume growth, in part reflective of
     easier comparatives, and tariff-related price increases. Acquisitions net of disposals contributed growth of
     0.6%, while fewer trading days in the period impacted revenue by 1.1%. At actual exchange rates, Group
     revenue decreased by 0.4%. Adjusted operating profit over the period was consistent with our expectations
     for a more stable performance in 2026.

     North America’s underlying revenue growth was slightly ahead of the Group, supported by continued benefit
     of actions taken to improve performance, including new business won in the second half of 2025. Across the
     other business areas we saw slight underlying revenue growth in aggregate.

     While the current geopolitical and macroeconomic environment has become more uncertain, we reiterate our
     2026 guidance with performance year-to-date consistent with our expectations. We continue to expect
     moderate revenue growth at constant exchange rates, driven by some underlying revenue growth and a small
     benefit from acquisitions, and operating margin to be slightly down year-on-year.

     Commenting on today’s announcement, Frank van Zanten, Chief Executive Officer of Bunzl, said:
     “The Group continued to deliver underlying revenue growth in the first quarter, supported by actions taken to
     improve performance and our strengthened focus on organic revenue opportunities. While mindful of the
     current economic and geopolitical backdrop, the Group reiterates its full year guidance and expects 2026 to
     be a foundation for future profit growth. Furthermore, there continues to be a significant consolidation
     opportunity; our pipeline is active and we see an improved outlook for acquisitions in 2026 compared to the
     prior year. I remain fully confident in our ability to generate long-term compounding growth and value creation
     for all of our stakeholders.”


     Enquiries:
     Bunzl plc                                                                       Teneo
     Frank van Zanten, Chief Executive Officer                                       Martin Robinson
     Richard Howes, Chief Financial Officer                                          Kate Somerville
     Sunita Entwisle, Head of Investor Relations and Communications                  Tel: +44 (0)20 7353 4200
     Tel: +44 (0)20 7725 5000

1.   Underlying revenue is organic revenue adjusted for trading days and net of the benefit of hyperinflationary growth in excess of 26% per annum in
     Turkey, which had no impact over this period.




                               Bunzl plc, York House, 45 Seymour Street, London W1H 7JT. Tel: +44 (0)20 7725 5000
