Annual Report 2021
Strategic report
  2 Our brands
  4 Connecting purpose to performance
  6 Chairman’s statement
  8 Our investment proposition
 10 Chief Executive’s statement
 14 Our market dynamics
 18 Our business model
 20 Stakeholder engagement
 22 Our people
 23 Our strategic priorities
 36 Key performance indicators
 38 Sustainability performance
 45 Our principal risks and risk management
 50 Responding to climate-related risks
 56 Group financial review
 62 Business review
 72 Category review
 74 Definitions and reconciliation of
    non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures


Governance report
 84 Board of Directors
 86 Executive Committee
 87 Corporate governance report
 99 Audit Committee report
102 Nomination Committee report
104 Directors’ remuneration report
129 Directors’ report


132 Financial statements
201 Additional information




   Visit diageo.com for more information


   Baileys ’Shakeado’ cocktail


   Cover image: Don Julio Margarita cocktails
A global leader in beverage alcohol
                                                                                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT
with an outstanding collection
of brands across spirits and beer
Financial performance


                                                                                                                                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Volume (equivalent units)                                 Net sales1                                                 Operating profit

EU238.4m                                                  £12,733m                                                   £3,731m
(2020: EU217.0m)                                          (2020: £11,752m)                                           (2020: £2,137m)
Reported movement                         9.9% h          Reported movement                         8.3% h           Reported movement                       74.6% h
Organic movement                        11.2% h           Organic movement                         16.0% h           Organic movement                        17.7% h


Net cash from operating activities                        Earnings per share (eps)                                   Total recommended dividend




                                                                                                                                                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                     per share3

£3,654m                                                   113.8p                                                     72.55p
(2020: £2,320m)                                           (2020: 60.1p)                                              (2020: 69.88p)
2021 increase of £1,334m                                  Reported movement                        89.4% h           4% h
2021 free cash flow £3,037m
                         2
                                                          eps before exceptional
                                                          items movement2                           7.4% h


Non-financial performance


                                                                                                                                                                            ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Positive drinking                          Health and safety                           Water efficiency5                           Carbon emissions
                                                                                                                                   (1,000 tonnes CO2e)

210,443∆                                   1.03∆                                       4.30l/l∆                                    481∆
(2020: 376,102)                            (2020: 0.60)                                (2020: 4.66l/l)                             (2020: 507)
Number of people                           Lost-time accident
educated on the                            frequency rate4
dangers of underage
drinking through a
Diageo supported
education programme



1.   Net sales are sales less excise duties
2.   See definitions and reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures on pages 74-83
3.   Includes recommended final dividend of 44.59p
4.   Per 1,000 full-time employees
5.   Data for the year ended 30 June 2020 has been restated where relevant in accordance with Diageo’s environmental reporting methodologies
Δ    Within PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP’s (PwC) independent limited assurance scope. For further detail and the reporting methodologies, see our ESG Reporting Index


Unless otherwise stated in this document, percentage movements refer to organic movements which are non-GAAP measures. For a definition of organic movement
and reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, see pages 74-83. Share refers to value share. Percentage figures presented are reflective of a year-on-year
comparison, namely 2020-2021, unless otherwise specified.




                                                                                                                                      Diageo Annual Report 2021         1
Our brands



With over 200 brands sold
in more than 180 countries,
our portfolio offers something
for every taste and celebration

Brand building
expertise
People and brands are at the very heart of
Diageo. To develop, launch and grow a brand
requires creativity, determination and belief.
Arthur Guinness had belief – signing a 9,000-year
lease on the St. James’s Gate Brewery in Dublin.
Alexander Walker, John’s son, was determined
that their whiskies would be carried by every
ship’s captain, ‘from the four corners of Scotland
to the four corners of the world’. Today, our
people share these attributes, combining
their entrepreneurial flair and award-winning
creativity, with deep understanding of consumer
insights and the latest data to nurture and build
our brands.

Global or local, every one of our brands has
a story. Many benefit from bearing witness
to the changing world over centuries while
others are products of our world today. All have
a unique purpose and role to play in creating
enduring connections with people. While
we honour the past, we are passionate about
nurturing categories old and new, and about
building authentically crafted, culturally
relevant brands.

Innovation drives us forward to create new
products, tastes and experiences for people
to enjoy as part of celebrations big or small.
We are obsessed with building brands that
will stand the test of time and are continuously
learning from our consumers, our partners
                                                     We own Johnnie Walker
and today’s entrepreneurs to ensure we are
developing the brands of tomorrow. This
                                                     and Smirnoff, two of
requires focus, precision and investment in
what we call a perfect blend of ‘creativity with
                                                     the world’s four largest
precision’. This is our shorthand for the way we
effectively combine data, insights and innovation
                                                     international spirits brands
with the creative flair our consumers expect from
the custodian of some of the most iconic brands
                                                     by retail sales value1
in the world.



                                                     1. IWSR, 2020




2      Diageo Annual Report 2021
                                                                                    STRATEGIC REPORT




                             GUINNESS



                             Making
                             connections,
                             rooted in
                             culture
                             How do you build a ’global icon with a local
                             heartbeat’? For us, it’s about continually building
                             on the rich cultural heritage of this outstanding,
                             distinctive brand, weaving it into the fabric of
                             a local culture. That means understanding key
                             moments in people’s lives – and the meaningful
                             role Guinness can play in those moments – and
                             connecting with consumers in unforgettable ways.

                             This year, Guinness was the most talked
                             about beer brand in the world on social media,1
                             driven by a series of innovative campaigns that
                             built on a long legacy of creative excellence
                             and cultural relevance.

                             Guinness stands for optimism – after all,
                             ’good things come to those who wait’ – and
                             during Covid-19, we all needed to be reminded
                             that the best is yet to come. So in Great Britain,
                             where lockdown restrictions meant people were
                             missing the shared communion of a pint in the
                             pub, our ’Welcome Back’ campaign responded by
                             celebrating that first pint back – back with friends
                             and family, and back in the community.

                             Hope characterised our campaign in the United
                             States too, which focussed on football, America’s
                             most popular sport. In partnership with legendary
                             quarterback Joe Montana, the ’Comeback Kid’, we
                             delivered a message of optimism and resilience –
                             that success is measured not only by your wins,
We are the global leader     but also by how you come back from a hard loss,
                             or a hard year.
in super premium and above   In Nigeria we found new ways to join the
international spirits with   conversation. We partnered with Prince Nelson
                             Enwerem, the hugely popular Big Brother Nigeria
retail sales value of over   contestant, in a campaign that paid homage to




£4.5bn
                             the culture of East Nigeria. The campaign had over
                             two million views in the first three days of launch,
                2            underlining the power of Guinness’s cultural ties.




2. IWSR, 2020                1. Sprinklr, July 2020 to June 2021




                                                  Diageo Annual Report 2021     3
Connecting purpose to performance




Building a company that will
prosper over the long term
We are a global company built on and sustained through innovation,
creating new products, categories and experiences for consumers.

We are the stewards of iconic, purpose-led brands created by entrepreneurs
like John and Alexander Walker, Elizabeth Cumming, Charles Tanqueray,
Arthur Guinness and many more that have followed in their footsteps.
Today, we stand on their shoulders and act with the same entrepreneurial
spirit and determination.

They understood, as we do today, that our distilleries, breweries and the
hospitality industry we serve are at the heart of local communities and that our
business will only thrive if it helps these communities prosper too. We have an
important role to play in ensuring we create shared value, deliver consistent
performance and have a positive impact where we live, work, source and sell.




    Bulleit Bourbon Kentucky Mule cocktail


4       Diageo Annual Report 2021
At the heart of everything we do                                                A roadmap for achieving

                                                                                                                                                                         STRATEGIC REPORT
OUR PURPOSE
                                                                                our ambition
Celebrating life, every day, everywhere.
Our purpose is about being the best we can be at work, at home and in the       OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES
community. We are passionate about the role our brands play in celebrating      Our six inter-related and mutually reinforcing strategic
life the world over. At the core of our approach is a commitment to positive    priorities drive our company forward.
drinking through promoting moderation and addressing the harmful use of         They help us deliver the strategic outcomes against which we measure
alcohol: doing so is good for consumers and good for business.                  our performance.

We believe that our responsibility and influence extend beyond our direct
operations. Our ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ action plan sets ambitious
                                                                                                             h                                Em
goals that support our commitment to shaping a more sustainable and
                                                                                                          owt                                   be
inclusive business and society. We are building and nurturing some of the
world’s most well-loved brands, rooted in culture and local communities.
                                                                                                        gr                                Ch
                                                                                                                                                  d
                                                                                                               ve                            am
                                                                                                   y
                                                                                           qu               iti                                         efficiency
We take great care in building sustainable supply chains; in protecting
                                                                                             ali                                           an
the environment and the natural resources we all rely on; and in our                             t
                                                                                                     Promot                                         day
                                                                                                                                                ery
commitment to skills development, empowerment, inclusion and diversity.                                        g
                                                                                                            e                                 ev
                                                                                     Sustain            drin pos                                            sion
OUR AMBITION
                                                                                                                                                       inclu
To be one of the best performing, most trusted and respected                                                kin                                     on sity
consumer products companies in the world.                                                                                                         pi diver
To be best performing, we need to deliver efficient growth and value
creation for our shareholders. This means delivering quality, sustainable                                                                           d
growth in net sales, steady margin expansion and reliable cash flows year
after year. To be most trusted and respected, we must do business the
right way from grain to glass and ensure our people are highly engaged                                       Pi on                           a
                                                                                                                                              ss
and continuously learning.                                                                                           eer
                                                                                                                                      o - gl
                                                                                                                           g      - t
                                                                                                                     s u s r a i n lit y
                                                                                                                          tainabi
Shaping the way we work
                                                                                                                    I nv e s t
OUR VALUES AND CULTURE
                                                                                                                                 s m ar tly
Our culture is rooted in a deep sense of our purpose
and values.
Our values underpin our business, sitting at the heart of our culture and       OUR STRATEGIC OUTCOMES
guiding all our work:
                                                                                 EG              Efficient growth                   CVC   Consistent value creation
–   Passionate about consumers and customers
–   Freedom to succeed                                                            CT             Credibility and trust               EP   Engaged people
–   Proud of what we do
–   Valuing each other                                                                     Read more on page 23
–   Be the best


Aligned to stakeholders’ interests                                              Measuring our progress
OUR STAKEHOLDERS                                                                OUR KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                                                                                EG                Organic net sales growth
        Our people                                 Communities                  EG                Organic operating profit growth
                                                                                EG                Earnings per share before exceptional items
                                                                                EG                Free cash flow
        Consumers                                  Investors                    CVC               Return on average invested capital
                                                                                CVC               Total shareholder return
                                                                                CVC   CT    EP    Percentage of ethnically diverse leaders globally
        Customers                                  Governments and              CVC   CT    EP    Percentage of female leaders globally
                                                   regulators                   CT    EP          Reach and impact of positive drinking programmes
                                                                                CT    EP          Health and safety
        Suppliers                                                               CVC   CT    EP    Water efficiency
                                                                                CVC   CT    EP    Carbon emissions
                                                                                CT    EP          Employee engagement

    Read more on pages 20-21                                                               Read more on pages 36-37


                                                                                                                                 Diageo Annual Report 2021           5
Chairman’s statement



Creating a positive impact
                                                                Diageo in society – ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’
                                                                The terrible toll of the pandemic has rightly brought even greater
                                                                scrutiny to corporations’ social and environmental impacts and to their
                                                                governance and reporting of non-financial performance. In November
                                                                2020, we were proud to launch our new 10-year sustainability action plan,
                                                                ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’. The plan builds on Diageo’s long and
                                                                ambitious track record on environmental, social and governance (ESG)
                                                                issues, with 25 new goals focussed in three core areas: promoting positive
                                                                drinking; championing inclusion and diversity; and pioneering grain-to-
                                                                glass sustainability.

                                                                Diageo is a business that has long been committed to ESG progress,
                                                                delivering strong performance across our social and environmental targets
                                                                to 2020. We have delivered a 50% absolute reduction in our direct carbon
                                                                emissions since 2008. This places us among the leading companies in our
                                                                peer set, with consistent inclusion in CDP’s A list for both climate change
                                                                and water security over the last five years. We are pleased with
    The pandemic has continued to pose unprecedented            the progress we are making on packaging and regenerative agriculture,
    challenges for our people and the communities               building partnerships with cutting-edge innovators. This year, we
    where we operate. Our employees have shown                  launched Pulpex Limited with Pilot Lite, developing the world’s first
                                                                ever 100% paper-based spirits bottle, which we anticipate will debut with
    tremendous resilience and dedication, making
                                                                Johnnie Walker in fiscal 23. We believe this innovation will transform the
    major contributions to alleviate the public health          use of sustainable packaging at scale in the years to come.
    emergency while supporting the hospitality
    industry around the world. I would like to express          Our 2030 goals represent a ‘whole of business’ agenda and accountability
    my thanks on behalf of the Board for their care to          for them sits across the Board and the Executive Committee. For the first
    one another, to our suppliers, to our customers and         time, 20% of the shares granted to our senior management under the
    to society at large.                                        Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) will be linked to ESG measures across all
                                                                three of the plan’s focus areas, creating direct accountability for our 2030
                                                                goals. We are among the first group of companies directly to incentivise
    Throughout the pandemic, our first priority has been
                                                                delivery on societal impact in this way. Read more on pages 104-127.
    the health, safety and wellbeing of our employees.
    We believe the results of this year’s Your Voice survey,    Climate change is a significant issue and the transition to a low-carbon
    which continue to reflect high levels of employee           economy will create both risks and opportunities for all businesses. We
    engagement, also recognise the wellbeing                    have taken steps over many years to understand and address climate
    programmes we have provided in response to                  change impacts through our work to both decarbonise our business and
    Covid-19: 89% of respondents told us they are proud         value chain, and champion water stewardship. We continue to build our
                                                                understanding of the impacts of climate change and have been reporting
    to work for Diageo and 81% would recommend
                                                                quantitative progress against our targets since 2009. We also continue
    Diageo as a great place to work.1                           to extend our assessment of climate change impacts, and our existing
                                                                disclosures, on our journey to adopting all the recommendations of the
    Again this year, Diageo has displayed its culture of        Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Read more
    agility, moving at pace to adapt ways of working,           about our work on pages 50-55.
    capturing emerging opportunities with our consumers
    and trade partners, delivering further efficiencies         Stakeholders
    and continuing to invest in the foundations of our          Our ambition is to be one of the best performing, most trusted and
                                                                respected consumer products companies in the world and we know we
    long-term success.
                                                                can only achieve this through engagement and partnership with our
                                                                stakeholders. We have responded to the hardship created by Covid-19
    Recommended final                       Total shareholder   with support measures ranging from wellbeing initiatives, additional
    dividend per share                      return              flexibility in working hours and healthcare support for our people, to our
    44.59p                                  32%                 $100 million ‘Raising the Bar’ programme to help pubs and bars recover
                                                                from the pandemic. Read more about our approach to stakeholder
                                                                engagement on pages 20-21.
    2020: 42.47p                            2020: (19)%
                                                                As designated Non-Executive Director for workforce engagement, I have
    Total dividend per share2                                   had the pleasure of ‘virtually’ meeting a wide range of employees around
     4% to 72.55p                                              the world this year. In these open, participative and engaging sessions
                                                                we discussed our approach to developing talent, our culture, business
    2020: 69.88p                                                strategy, innovation and, of course, our response to the pandemic. Our
                                                                people continue to provide a rich source of ideas and perspectives which
    1. 85% of our global employees completed the survey         are invaluable to the Board. Read our workforce engagement statement
    2. Includes recommended final dividend of 44.59p            on page 96.




6     Diageo Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                                                                                    STRATEGIC REPORT
Global environment                                                             In January 2021, we announced that Kathy Mikells, Chief Financial
Although the economic disruption from Covid-19 has started to ease in          Officer, would be leaving Diageo and the Board at the end of June.
some parts of the world, many countries continue to experience uncertainty     My sincerest thanks go to Kathy for her dedicated contribution to
and volatility. We have adapted quickly to shifts in consumer behaviour        Diageo over the past six years and her exceptional partnership with
and have increased investment behind effective marketing and innovation        the Board. I was delighted to welcome Kathy’s successor, Lavanya
to ensure Diageo emerges stronger from this terrible pandemic.                 Chandrashekar, to the Board from 1 July 2021. Her strong track record
                                                                               at Diageo and, previously, with leading consumer products companies,
International trade is at the heart of our business. We were well prepared     will ensure she makes a valuable contribution to both the Board and the
for the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and we              Executive Committee.
see some potential longer-term opportunities for the United Kingdom
to strike beneficial new trade deals for spirits. We were also pleased to      Siobhán Moriarty, General Counsel and Company Secretary, will be retiring
see the United Kingdom, European Union and United States resolve               from Diageo on 30 September 2021 after a career at the company spanning
their aerospace dispute involving Boeing and Airbus, with US tariffs           over 20 years. I am very thankful to Siobhán for both her outstanding
on single malt scotch and liqueurs removed. We look forward to the             contribution to the company and her support and wise counsel to the
United Kingdom utilising its newly independent trade policy to support         Board. Tom Shropshire, formerly a Partner & Global US Practice Head at
spirits exports to key markets, with tariffs to be removed by Australia with   Linklaters LLP, will succeed Siobhán as General Counsel and Company
the ratification of its new free trade agreement with the United Kingdom       Secretary, and the Board looks forward to working with him.
and the opening of trade talks with India this year.
                                                                               Looking ahead
Creating value                                                                 Diageo’s broad portfolio and geographic footprint, our expertise in brand
I am encouraged by the performance Diageo has delivered in fiscal 21.          building and execution, as well as our leading market positions, provide
The business has good momentum, built on solid foundations for future          a solid foundation for sustainable growth. Throughout the year, the
progress across the four areas of performance we measure: efficient            business has acted with agility, seizing opportunities to invest prudently
growth, consistent value creation, credibility and trust, and engaged          where we saw recovery and continuing to allocate capital for the long
people. Return on invested capital was up 112 basis points to 13.5%.           term. Whilst uncertainty remains and travel retail is still severely impacted,
Total shareholder return (TSR) was 32% this year and our 10-year               the long-term trends for our industry continue to be extremely attractive.
annualised TSR is in the top quartile of our peer group.                       Your Board and executive leadership team will ensure that Diageo
                                                                               continues to focus on long-term value creation for all our stakeholders.
We continue to target dividend cover (the ratio of basic earnings
per share before exceptional items to dividend per share) of between
1.8 and 2.2 times. The recommended final dividend is 44.59 pence
per share, an increase of 5%. This brings the recommended full-year
dividend to 72.55 pence per share and dividend cover to 1.6 times.
Subject to shareholder approval, the final dividend will be paid to            Javier Ferrán
UK shareholders on 7 October 2021. Payment will be made to US                  Chairman
ADR holders on 13 October 2021. On 9 April 2020, due to uncertainties
related to Covid-19, we announced that we would not initiate,
in fiscal 20, the second phase of our return of capital programme,
approved by the Board on 25 July 2019. On 12 May 2021, the Board
approved the recommencement of this programme, extending the
completion date to 30 June 2024. The second phase of the programme,                  Statement on Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006
which will return up to £1.0 billion, is expected to be completed by                 Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 requires the Directors
30 June 2022, and the group has purchased 3.2 million ordinary shares                to promote the success of the company for the benefit of
returning £108 million to shareholders this year.                                    the members as a whole, having regard to the interests of
                                                                                     stakeholders in their decision-making. In making decisions,
Board changes                                                                        the Directors consider what is most likely to promote the
After eight years on the Board, Ho KwonPing stepped down on                          success of the company for its shareholders in the long term,
28 September 2020. On behalf of all my Board colleagues, I would like                as well as the interests of the group’s stakeholders. The Directors
to thank him for the valuable contribution he made during his tenure                 understand the importance of taking into account the views of
on the Board.                                                                        stakeholders and the impact of the company’s activities on local
                                                                                     communities, the environment, including climate change,
From 1 October 2020, Sir John Manzoni, formerly Chief Executive of                   and the group’s reputation.
the Civil Service and Permanent Secretary to the Cabinet Office in the
United Kingdom, was appointed Non-Executive Director. Ireena Vittal,                     Read about:
who brings experience in strategy, consumer insights and digital, with a
particular focus on the Indian market, joined the Board as a Non-Executive               Our stakeholder groups on pages 20-21
Director on 2 October 2020. Valérie Chapoulaud-Floquet, the former CEO
                                                                                         How stakeholders were taken into account in decision-making
of Rémy Cointreau S.A., joined the Board on 1 January 2021. Sir John,                    on pages 92-94
Ireena and Valérie all joined the Audit, Nomination and Remuneration
Committees on appointment.




                                                                                                                      Diageo Annual Report 2021                 7
Our investment proposition




                                         Positioned to win
                                         Diageo is a global leader in
                                         the premium and above spirits
                                         segment – which is growing
                                         globally and gaining share.1
                                         And with Guinness at the
                                         heart of our portfolio, the
                                         majority of our beer business
                                         is positioned in the premium,
                                         flavourful beer segments,
                                         which are growing fastest.2




                                         1. IWSR, 2020 – retail sales value (RSV) CAGR 2010-2020
    Talisker 43-Year-Old Xpedition Oak   2. Global Data, 2019


8        Diageo Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                       REPORT
In an attractive industry
Total beverage alcohol (TBA) has a strong record of value growth over       We are also building our e-commerce and direct-to-consumer
the last 10 years, with international spirits growing faster than TBA.3     capabilities, which further expand our sales reach to consumers.
Premiumisation has been a consistent trend with the highest price tiers
growing at more than double the spirits category growth rate between        In combination with the strength of our on-trade customer
2015 and 2020.4 And our Reserve portfolio of exceptional brands, which is   relationships, which are enhanced through programmes such as
focussed on capturing the global luxury opportunity, grew 36% this year.    Diageo Reserve World ClassTM and Diageo Bar Academy, we have an
                                                                            effective route to our consumers that we continue to work to improve.
Spirits’ versatility provides the flexibility to respond to evolving
consumer tastes and occasions. With low spirits penetration in many             Read more on pages 17 and 27
emerging markets and only 4% of global TBA share,5 we have
opportunities to grow in all regions. In beer, our geographic footprint
and brand portfolio best position us for opportunities in premium and
                                                                            Financial strength and a culture
above segments, distinctive flavours and developing markets.                of efficiency
     Read more on pages 14-17
                                                                            A culture of efficiency and effectiveness is embedded across Diageo.

With a leading footprint and                                                We continue to deliver progress on productivity, creating savings that
                                                                            fuel investments across our business. We continuously challenge
brand portfolio                                                             ourselves to simplify and automate more of our processes and systems,
                                                                            enabling faster and better decision-making.

Diageo owns over 200 brands sold in more than 180 countries.                We have a consistent and disciplined approach to capital allocation,
Combined with the breadth and depth of our portfolio across attractive      prioritising investment in the business to deliver sustainable and
categories and price points, we have both exposure to some of the           efficient organic growth and pursuing acquisitions that further
greatest consumer growth opportunities, and some resilience to global       strengthen our exposure to attractive categories. Excess cash is
trading volatility.                                                         returned to shareholders.

We take an active and disciplined approach to managing our portfolio        We have a track record of growing shareholder value and have increased
of brands. Through the acquisition of premium-plus brands in                our full-year dividend per share every year since 2001, including during
fast-growing categories, such as tequila brands Don Julio in 2015 and       Covid-19. This means that over the last 20 years our absolute dividend
Casamigos in 2017, as well as strategic disposals, including the sale of    per share has increased 225%. Over the last four years we have returned
our main US wine businesses in 2016 and 19 US brands in 2018, we            £5.6 billion to shareholders through share buybacks.
have strengthened our portfolio and geographic footprint.
                                                                                Read more on pages 26-27
We are experts in the art of brand building and in innovation,
combining creativity with data and tools that deepen our understanding
of consumers and customers. Strong organic growth of brands such as         Highly engaged people
Crown Royal, Gordon’s and Baileys has been driven by creative, effective
marketing and insights-driven innovation. It has also contributed to the    Our people make the difference. This year, 89% of respondents to our
strengthening of our portfolio in fast-growing categories, including        Your Voice survey told us they are proud to work for Diageo and 81%
US whiskey, Canadian whisky, baijiu, tequila and gin.                       would recommend Diageo as a great place to work.6

54% of our reported net sales are now generated from premium-plus               Read more on page 22
products. Geographically, we continue to benefit from our market-
leading position in North America and our exposure to India and China.
China now accounts for just over 5% of our reported net sales.              And a commitment to shaping
     Read more on pages 29 and 56-73                                        a more sustainable future
An effective route to consumer                                              It is fundamental to our Performance Ambition that we do business
                                                                            in the right way, which is why our ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’
                                                                            action plan is an integrated part of our strategic priorities. We strongly
We need to have the right product in the right place at the right time in   believe there are commercial benefits to our actions across a full range
order to win with consumers. We have invested in transformational           of ESG issues. These are not just about meeting regulatory
digital and data capabilities that deliver consistent ways of working and   requirements and stakeholder expectations, but are fundamental to
enable teams to bring a customer-first mindset to every interaction.        attracting and retaining the best talent, building deep consumer loyalty,
Our tools, such as Trax, EDGE365 and Diageo One, give us deeper             creating new partnerships, and increasing innovation, efficiency
insights that improve the quality of our customer service and enhance       and resilience across our operations.
our productivity.
                                                                                Read more on pages 23, 30-35 and 38-44

3.   IWSR, 2020
4.   IWSR, 2020
5.   IWSR, 2020
6.   85% of our global employees completed the survey


                                                                                                                  Diageo Annual Report 2021              9
Chief Executive’s statement



Emerging stronger
                                                              Performance
                                                              We have seen continued volatility in fiscal 21, with disruption caused
                                                              by the closure of bars and restaurants in many countries; the severe impact
                                                              on travel retail; the need to adapt quickly to an increase in demand through
                                                              retail outlets and disruption in our supply chains; and significant changes
                                                              to ways of working for our employees across our supply operations and for
                                                              those working from home. Notwithstanding this dynamic and challenging
                                                              operating environment, we have delivered a strong set of results.

                                                              For the full year, reported net sales increased 8.3% with strong organic
                                                              growth partially offset by an adverse foreign exchange impact. Organic
                                                              net sales were up 16%, following a decline in fiscal 20, with growth across
                                                              all regions. Growth was driven by consumer demand in the off-trade channel
                                                              (customer retail outlets) and a partial recovery of the on-trade channel
                                                              (pubs, bars and restaurants) in key markets. Organic net sales growth also
                                                              benefitted from lapping a reduction of inventory levels by our customers
                                                              in fiscal 20, and the replenishment of stock levels by distributors and
     I am very proud of how Diageo’s 27,650 employees         retailers in North America in fiscal 21. This was partially offset by continued
     have supported each other, our customers and the         destocking in Travel Retail. Overall, however, we held or grew off-trade
     communities in which we live and work throughout         market share in over 85% of total net sales in measured markets,
                                                              up from 65% last year.1
     this terrible pandemic. Our company is emerging
     stronger and I would like to thank all my colleagues     Reported operating profit increased 74.6%. This was due to a significant
     for their dedication and resilience. I would also like   reduction in exceptional items and 17.7% growth in organic operating
     to express my deepest condolences to the families        profit, partially offset by an adverse foreign exchange impact. Following
     of employees who lost their lives and to all who         a decline in fiscal 20, organic operating profit grew in all regions except
     have lost loved ones this year due to the pandemic.      Europe and Turkey. Organic operating margin increased 46 basis points
                                                              (bps). This was driven by overhead efficiencies and the lapping of one-off
     As we have faced the immediate challenges of             expenses related to disruption in the operating environment, partially
                                                              offset by a decline in gross margin and increased marketing spend. Gross
     the pandemic, we have also continued to focus
                                                              margin declined 40bps driven by adverse mix, especially in our Guinness
     on investing for the long term and on building a         beer business, which was impacted by channel and market mix.
     sustainable business with our ambitious 10-year
     ESG action plan, ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’.     Reported and organic net sales were up across all categories, with the
     Diageo’s success rests on the commitment of my           exception of beer, where reported net sales were down 4%. Due to
     colleagues, the strength of our brands, and our          Covid-19, the on-trade channel was significantly restricted in many
     determination to be a responsible, sustainable and       markets, particularly impacting beer in Europe.
     inclusive business. The past year has demonstrated
                                                              Organic net sales of our global giant brands were up 9%, with all brands in
     powerfully the importance and the strength of            growth other than Guinness. Guinness growth was flat due to restrictions
     these foundations.                                       in the on-trade channel, particularly in Great Britain and Ireland. Our local
                                                              stars grew 17%, largely driven by growth in Chinese white spirits, Crown
     Reported volume               Volume movement            Royal, Buchanan’s and McDowell’s No.1. Our Reserve brands grew 36%,
     movement                                                 largely driven by Don Julio and Casamigos, which grew 62% and 125%

     9.9%                         11.2%                     respectively. Ketel One net sales were flat.

                                                              Basic earnings per share before exceptional items increased 7.4%,
     2020: 11.8%                  2020: 11.2%               primarily driven by an increase in organic operating profit, partially
                                                              offset by unfavourable exchange and, to a lesser extent, increased tax.
     Reported net sales            Net sales movement
     movement                                                 We delivered £3 billion in free cash flow this year, an increase of £1.4 billion.

     8.3%                         16.0%                     This was driven by growth in operating profit, working capital management
                                                              and receipt of a delayed 2019 dividend from associates.
     2020: 8.7%                   2020: 8.4%                During the year, we have continued to invest for the future, extending our
                                                              brand portfolio and adapting to changing consumer tastes and occasions.
     Reported operating            Operating profit           We increased investment in marketing by 23%, ahead of our organic net
     profit movement               movement                   sales growth, and also continued to invest in manufacturing capacity,
     74.6%                        17.7%                     digital capabilities, consumer experiences and sustainability.

                                                              We acquired two new premium and above portfolios: Aviation American
     2020: 47.1%                  2020: 14.4% 
                                                              Gin through the Davos Brands acquisition in the United States and Chase
                                                              Distillery and brands in the United Kingdom. To support our ambitions
                                                              1. Internal estimates incorporating AC Nielsen, Association of Canadian Distillers, Dichter & Neira,
                                                                 Frontline, Intage, IRI, ISCAM, NABCA, Scentia, State Monopolies, TRAC and other third-party providers


10     Diageo Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                                                                                     STRATEGIC REPORT
Net sales by category                                                              launching, for example, Captain Morgan Tiki in Europe to access the
                                                                                   growing early evening occasion with a lower alcohol by volume (ABV)
                                                                                   variant; Guinness Nitro Cold Brew Coffee in North America; and Gordon’s
                                        Scotch                                     0.0% in Great Britain.
                                        Vodka
                                        US whiskey                                 Building a sustainable, responsible and inclusive business
                                        Canadian whisky                            In 2015, we set ambitious environmental and social targets for 2020 and
                                        Rum                                        we are proud of the progress we made.2 We recognise, however, that
                                        IMFL whisky                                there is much more to do. Our new 10-year ESG action plan, ‘Society 2030:
                                                                                   Spirit of Progress’, challenges us to go further. Its 25 goals are built around
                                        Liqueurs
                                                                                   the most material issues affecting our business and are informed by the
                                        Gin                                        lessons we have learned through the delivery of our previous targets.
                                        Tequila
                                        Beer                                       It is fundamental to our Performance Ambition that we do business in
                                        Ready to drink                             the right way, which is why ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ sits at the
                                        Other                                      heart of our strategy. We take the same rigorous, data-driven approach
                                                                                   to the delivery of our ESG goals as we take to the rest of our business.
                                                                                   We understand the importance of measurement and transparency and
in the rapidly growing ready to drink category, we made two further                are moving towards a fully integrated approach to reporting, with all our
acquisitions in the United States, Lone River Ranch Water and Loyal 9 Cocktails,   goals directly linked to our strategic priorities.
and announced an $80 million investment in our manufacturing footprint.
                                                                                   As one of the world’s leading distillers and brewers, the two most
I am also delighted to see our £185 million investment in Scotch whisky            fundamental material inputs to our business, aside from raw materials,
tourism in Scotland now coming on stream, with the re-opening of                   are heat and water. We have a longstanding commitment to preserving
Glenkinchie, Clynelish, Cardhu and Brora distilleries and visitor centres          the natural resources on which we all depend and to working together
this year, and the imminent opening of our flagship Johnnie Walker                 to tackle climate change and water stress. In November 2020, Diageo
experience in Edinburgh.                                                           was recognised for the third consecutive year in the Dow Jones World
                                                                                   Sustainability Index 2020. We were an early adopter of absolute, rather
We have innovated and created new offerings for consumers looking for              than relative reductions in our carbon emissions, setting both our 2020
convenience and celebration at home and we have increased both the                 and 2030 targets in line with the principles of the Science Based Targets
visibility and ‘ease-of-shop’ of our brands for online purchase, as online         initiative. And we have committed to achieving net zero carbon in our
sales of alcohol have rapidly accelerated this year. Consumers have                direct operations (Scopes 1 and 2) by 2030 and to being net zero across
also sought the reassurance of well-known and trusted brands during                our full value chain by 2050 or sooner. Read more on pages 34-35.
Covid-19. We have prioritised innovation for our global giants this year,          2. Read more about our 2015-2020 targets and progress on diageo.com




Our response to Covid-19
Fiscal 21 has been an extraordinary year for our business and our                  over 37,000 bar staff on Covid-19-related protocols to ensure safe
customers, suppliers and partners, as the entire world has navigated               operations. Beyond our direct support to pubs, bars and restaurants,
through a very dynamic and volatile period. Covid-19 restrictions around           the funding has created an economic multiplier effect as over 60% of the
the world meant the continued closure of pubs, bars and restaurants,               procurement funded by ‘Raising the Bar’ has been local. In some countries,
leading to sharp increases in consumer purchases from retail outlets in            such as India, Brazil and China, nearly 100% of procurement spend was
some markets, such as Great Britain and the United States, and decreases           local. And we recently pledged £4.5 million to provide infrastructure and
in markets where consumers purchase more of our brands in pubs, bars               equipment in support of India’s Covid-19 response.
and restaurants, such as Ireland. Restrictions also led to shifts in consumer
behaviour and purchasing patterns, with a large increase in the ‘at home’          Diageo Bar Academy (DBA) is also helping bar owners and staff with training
occasion and online shopping for our brands.                                       and content that addresses the challenges of adopting new operating
                                                                                   models for their businesses, such as guidance on safe re-openings,
Throughout the pandemic, the health and wellbeing of our employees                 wellbeing resources, online menus and ‘Cocktails to Go’. A record
has been our priority and we have implemented a range of new policies,             more than 1.5 million people used DBA this year, an increase of 50%.
resources and support. These include additional flexibility to enable
employees to manage family responsibilities, an enhanced Employee                  We have also worked closely with our suppliers and partners this year,
Assistance Programme, as well as a range of resources to support                   who have managed their businesses through similar supply chain
wellbeing and our new ways of working.                                             challenges. Sourcing raw materials, such as glass and packaging, for
                                                                                   example, led to industry shortages in the United States earlier this year.
In addition to our immediate steps to donate masks, hygiene products               In working with our suppliers and partners to reduce disruption to their
and alcohol to make more than 10 million bottles of hand sanitiser,                businesses and ours, we have provided support such as sharing our
last June, we launched ‘Raising the Bar’, our $100 million commitment              enhanced global supply site operating procedures to help protect the
to support the recovery of the hospitality sector around the world.                health and wellbeing of our suppliers’ employees. We have also launched
The fund has already benefitted over 39,000 venues that have received              our Diageo Supplier Service Hub, which provides a one-stop shop to
hygiene and sanitation kits, furniture for outdoor spaces and solutions            simplify our ways of working with suppliers.
for table reservations and contactless ordering. We have also trained



                                                                                                                             Diageo Annual Report 2021         11
 Chief Executive’s statement continued




“In the United States, ‘Raising the                                         We have also set a goal to expand SMASHED, our award-winning alcohol
                                                                            education programme, and educate 10 million people on the dangers
 Bar’ is supporting 25 Historically                                         of underage drinking by 2030. This year, the development of SMASHED
                                                                            Online and its launch in Great Britain, Northern Ireland, India, Australia
 Black Colleges and Universities                                            and Mexico means we are now able to reach more students virtually.
                                                                            Read more on pages 30-31.
 with $10 million lifetime                                                  We are proud of the culture of inclusion and diversity we have built at
 endowments for scholarships                                                Diageo and were ranked the number one FTSE company for female Board
                                                                            and leadership representation in the 2020 Hampton Alexander Review.
 and grant programmes.”                                                     This year, we have increased female Board representation to 60% and the
                                                                            percentage of female leaders globally is now 42%.Δ Our inclusive culture
 Promoting moderation and addressing the harmful use of alcohol is          fuels our ability to attract and retain terrific talent around the world, with
 at the heart of our approach to responsible business and is a critical     recent senior hires citing our approach to flexible working and inclusion
 part of our premiumisation strategy. Although the prevalence of            and diversity as key drivers in their decision to join us.
 harmful drinking, including heavy-episodic or binge drinking and
 underage drinking, has been falling in many regions over the last          We have now set new goals to ensure 50% of all leadership roles are
 decade, we know there is much more to do. We also know there is no         held by women, as well as increasing the percentage of ethnically diverse
 drink of moderation, only a practice of moderation. So we have set goals   leaders globally to 45% by 2030. Today, 30% of our Board and 37%Δ of our
 to reach one billion people with responsible drinking messages from our    leaders globally, including the Executive Committee, are ethnically diverse.
 brands by 2030 and to educate people on the risks of the harmful use of    Read more on pages 32-33.
 alcohol through the further rollout of our DRINKiQ platform.

                                                                            Δ   Within PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP’s (PwC) independent limited assurance scope.
      Visit DRINKiQ.com to find out more                                        For further detail and the reporting methodologies, see our ESG Reporting Index.




 We are committed to building a more
 sustainable, responsible and inclusive
 business and society.
 To lead our business through the next decade,
 we have set 25 ambitious goals which are aligned
 to the United Nations’ Sustainable Development
 Goals. The issues facing society are complex
 and connected and we are focussed on the
 impact we can have throughout our value
 chain across communities, suppliers, our
 partners, customers and consumers. From our
 people to our brands and the way we promote
 our category, we will leverage the full breadth
 and reach of our business to shape market-
 leading policies and practices.




      Read more on pages 30-35 and 38-44

      Visit diageo.com to learn more about
      ’Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’




 12       Diageo Annual Report 2021
“In Ireland, Guinness launched a                                                         Looking ahead



                                                                                                                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                                                         I am very proud of the financial results we have delivered in fiscal 21.
 ‘Keep the Lights On’ campaign,                                                          These results demonstrate the strength and relevance of our brands,
                                                                                         our agile response to shifts in consumer behaviour and the extraordinary
 which invited consumers to                                                              efforts of our talented people.

 embrace their local pubs and pay                                                        Our foundation, built on our brand-building expertise, active portfolio
                                                                                         management, consumer-led innovation, investment in data and tools,
 a visit when they re-opened.”                                                           as well as embedding a culture of everyday efficiency, helped position
                                                                                         us to manage through the volatility and disruption caused by Covid-19
We are building and nurturing some of the world’s most iconic brands,                    and emerge stronger.
rooted in culture and local communities, which is why we are focussed
on creating an inclusive, sustainable business in its widest sense. We                   While our business has performed strongly this year, we expect near-
believe that our responsibility and influence extend beyond our direct                   term volatility in some markets. Notwithstanding this volatility, I remain
operations. We also want to help to build a thriving hospitality sector.                 optimistic about the growth prospects for our industry and believe
Before the pandemic, the sector contributed nearly US$9 trillion to the                  Diageo is well-positioned to capture the opportunities to drive long-
world’s GDP and accounted for one in ten jobs.3 If there is one positive                 term sustainable growth and shareholder value.
to come from this pandemic, it is perhaps the broader appreciation of the
vital role a thriving hospitality sector plays in communities as a job creator,
particularly for younger adults, and as an engine for economic recovery
and growth. We will continue to play our part in helping the sector to
rebuild after the pandemic.
                                                                                         Ivan Menezes
                                                                                         Chief Executive
3. World Travel and Tourism Council, 2021




      We want to change the way the                             We believe the most inclusive and                            We are committed to preserving
       world drinks for the better.                             diverse culture makes for a better                              the natural resources on
   We will do this by celebrating moderation                       business and a better world.                                   which we all depend.
  and continuing to address the harmful use                    We will champion inclusion and diversity                   We will work in partnership to tackle climate
  of alcohol, expanding our programmes that                    across our business, with our partners and                  change, water stress and biodiversity loss,
     tackle underage drinking, drink driving                    communities, to celebrate diversity and                    and help create a more sustainable world.
               and binge drinking.                                   help shape a tolerant society.



                           Water is the basis of life and                         We all have a responsibility                               The planet needs significant
                           our most precious resource.                            to restore the natural world                                 science-based action to
                          By 2030, every drink we make will                          on which life depends.                                      create a sustainable
                          use 30% less water than today and                       We will do our bit by eliminating                               low-carbon future.
                           by 2026 we will replenish more                           waste from our value chain,                                  We will decarbonise our
                             water than we use in all our                          collaborating with farmers to                                own operations by 2030
                                water-stressed areas.                               regenerate landscapes and                                  and work with our suppliers
                                                                                   creating innovative solutions                                   to halve theirs too.
                                                                                        to grow sustainably.




                                             We believe doing                                                We will create an environment where all our
                                             business the right                                            people feel they are treated fairly and with respect.
                                            way contributes to a                                            We will act with integrity to ensure we are doing
                                            fair and just society.                                            business in the right way, meeting external
                                                                                                                 expectations and our own standards.



                                                                                                                                  Diageo Annual Report 2021                  13
Our market dynamics




An attractive industry with a
runway for growth
Drinking occasions and practices vary depending on                                         Retail sales value of global
                                                                                           alcohol market1
local culture and traditions. We believe that drinking in a
responsible way can be part of a balanced lifestyle in many                                £728 billion
societies around the world.
                                                                                           Equivalent units of
Our markets are shaped by long-term consumer, economic,                                    alcohol sold2
cultural and social trends, and the regulatory environment.
Premium total beverage alcohol has remained resilient                                      5 billion
during Covid-19 and the long-term trends for our industry
remain attractive.
                                                                                           New legal purchase
                                                                                           age consumers expected
                                                                                           to enter the market
                                                                                           by 20313

                                                                                           600 million
     Read more about our strategic priorities on pages 23-35 and our principal risks and
     risk management on pages 45-55                                                        1. IWSR, 2020
                                                                                           2. IWSR, 2020
     Tanqueray Flor de Sevilla Gin and Tonic cocktails                                     3. World Bank, 2021


14      Diageo Annual Report 2021
                                                                                 Our response



                                                                                                                                                                   STRATEGIC REPORT
CONSUMERS WANT TO ‘DRINK BETTER’
                                                                                 Our broad, global portfolio across categories and price points provides
Consumers are seeking new experiences and                                        consumers with product choice to suit different occasions and their
higher quality products.                                                         disposable income. Our innovation is driven by our consumer insight
When it comes to beverage alcohol, consumers are ‘drinking better, not           on trends and occasions, ensuring we provide choices to suit evolving
more’1 – increasingly choosing brands and categories that offer superior         consumer attitudes and motivations.
quality, authenticity and taste. This premiumisation trend is supported
by product innovation and fuelled by higher levels of prosperity and                        This market dynamic aligns with these strategic priorities:
disposable income, coupled with a greater desire to explore new                             Sustain quality growth, Embed everyday efficiency,
experiences, ingredients and serves for social occasions.                                   Invest smartly, Promote positive drinking

               Higher price spirits tiers grew 9 times                           AN EMERGING MIDDLE CLASS WHO CAN AFFORD INTERNATIONAL-STYLE SPIRITS
                  faster than the total spirits category                         Global population growth and economic development
                    IWSR, 2020, volume CAGR for the period 2010 to 2020
                                                                                 continue to drive the emergence of consumers with a
                                                                                 higher disposable income.
                                                                                 These consumers are seeking new, aspirational experiences and driving
Impact                                                                           demand for quality drinks at a range of price points. They are also moving
Over the last 15 years, brands in higher price tiers have consistently grown     away from illicit alcohol, which is estimated to account for around 25%
volume faster than those in lower price tiers.2 Consumers are buying a           of global alcohol sales despite the associated health risks and loss of tax
broader range of premium products, including no- and lower-alcohol               revenue for governments.
drinks, that reflect their diet and lifestyle choices and their interest in
natural ingredients and craft production.
Our response
                                                                                             550m consumers expected to join
We have built an industry-leading portfolio of Reserve brands. We have done
                                                                                        ‘middle class and above’ income bracket by 2031
                                                                                                                 World Bank, 2021
this through focussed investment, brand building, the creation of a dedicated
management team and, in many countries, a dedicated route to market.
Through the development of our Reserve portfolio, we are able to influence       Impact
the evolution of both mass and high-end luxury spirits across different          Demand for international-style spirits is rising. Around 600 million new
categories and occasions, including super premium scotch and tequila.            legal purchase age consumers are expected to enter the market globally
                                                                                 by 2031. Over the same period, we expect hundreds of millions of additional
We are also growing brands of the future, including no- and lower-alcohol
                                                                                 consumers to be able to afford international-style spirits.
choices. We do this through a combination of acquisition, by growing
our own brands and by investing in entrepreneurs through the                     Our response
Diageo-backed accelerator programme, Distill Ventures.                           We have built a portfolio of lower price point options such as Smirnoff X1
               This market dynamic aligns with these strategic priorities:       in Africa, McDowell’s No. 1 in India and Black & White in Latin America. As
               Sustain quality growth, Embed everyday efficiency,                emerging market consumers’ disposable incomes rise, these products give
               Invest smartly, Promote positive drinking,                        them access to quality at affordable prices and enable us to help shape
               Pioneer grain-to-glass sustainability                             responsible drinking trends. This year, we launched our Chrome Gin
                                                                                 innovation in Kenya, in response to rapidly growing interest in the gin
                                                                                 category. Chrome Gin is a premium offering at a lower price point, which
CONSUMERS ARE INCREASINGLY CHOOSING SPIRITS                                      has proven popular with consumers.
Consumers who drink alcohol are increasingly choosing spirits
over beer and wine.                                                                         This market dynamic aligns with these strategic priorities:
This is a long-term trend. In markets where spirits is a less mature category,              Sustain quality growth, Embed everyday efficiency,
mainstream spirits brands can offer quality and affordability. In more                      Invest smartly, Promote positive drinking
mature markets, premium core and Reserve brands offer variety and
new experiences.
                                                                                 CONSUMERS ARE CHANGING HOW THEY SOCIALISE
                                                                                 Consumers in developed markets are moving away from
                       +9% increase in spirits share                             high-energy, late-night occasions towards more informal,
                                                                                 food-related occasions.
                            of total beverage alcohol
                                                                                 They are increasingly interested in drinks that fit occasions before, during
                           IWSR, 2020, for the period 2010 to 2020
                                                                                 and after meals and in choices that suit ‘at home’ and ‘outdoor’ occasions,
                                                                                 which have grown significantly during Covid-19.
Impact
Gin and ready to drink are examples of categories benefitting from
switching.3 In the United States, this trend has accelerated during the                           +12% increase in spirits’ share
pandemic, with consumers increasingly choosing spirits in the ‘at home’                        of ‘with meal’ occasions in Great Britain
occasion.4 This year, in the United States, spirits penetration grew nearly                           Kantar, 2021 for the period 2018 to 2021
three times as fast as beer and twice as fast as wine.5 In many emerging
markets, spirits penetration is still low compared to developed markets,
                                                                                 Impact
providing the potential for future growth.
                                                                                 Spirits, which are versatile and adaptable, are benefitting from the trend
                                                                                 away from high-tempo socialising, as consumers discover new serves
1.   IWSR, 2020 for 2015 to 2020                                                 which are suitable for a broader range of occasions in which to enjoy
2.   IWSR, 2020
3.   Numerator, 2021                                                             our brands.
4.   Numerator, 2021
5.   Numerator, 2021


                                                                                                                        Diageo Annual Report 2021             15
Our market dynamics continued




Our response                                                                         2020, spirits became the biggest beverage alcohol category for the first
Our consumer insight enables us to innovate within existing brands,                  time on the American e-commerce site Drizly, a position which it has
anticipate new consumer occasions and create new brands that meet                    retained in 2021.1
emerging consumer demand. This insight is supported by our ability
                                                                                     Our response
to develop and launch products and campaigns rapidly and effectively,
                                                                                     We have developed our route to consumer approach through multiple
reaching the right consumers fast. This year when consumers were unable
                                                                                     channels. Continued development of our owned e-commerce channels
to visit their local pub for a pint, Guinness launched a campaign to show
                                                                                     and capabilities has been a key global focus this year. We expanded the
how it could be enjoyed in any type of glassware, not just the iconic
                                                                                     availability of TheBar.com to Colombia and Malts.com to Germany. We
Guinness pint glass.
                                                                                     also launched Diageo Rare & Exceptional in Singapore and Australia
            This market dynamic aligns with these strategic priorities:              and Party Central in Kenya and Uganda. These help consumers grow
            Sustain quality growth, Embed everyday efficiency,                       their understanding and knowledge of our brands and help them find
            Invest smartly                                                           the right drink for the right occasion. In East Africa, Covid-19-related
                                                                                     closures of neighbourhood bars and restaurants meant we needed new,
                                                                                     fast and safe ways of getting our products to consumers. In Kenya and
CONSUMERS ARE CHANGING HOW THEY BUY
                                                                                     Uganda, consumers are now able to order through easy-to-use apps to
Alongside shifts in the way people socialise and consume,                            ensure safe delivery of our brands to their doorstep via digitally enabled
digital and technology are changing the way consumers                                ‘boda boda’ motorbike delivery companies.
find and buy our brands.
Online shopping for alcohol is still low compared to other retail categories,                      This market dynamic aligns with these strategic priorities:
but it is a fast-growing channel and has dramatically accelerated during                           Sustain quality growth, Invest smartly,
Covid-19. Consumers are increasingly using the internet to discover and                            Promote positive drinking
learn about brands and products, where previously they might have done
so in venues and while out socialising.
                                                                                     A COMPLEX REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT
                                                                                     The beverage alcohol industry is highly regulated.
                   +45% increase in e-commerce                                       Regulation varies widely around the world, often evolving in response
         IWSR, 2020, global total beverage alcohol retail sales value 2020 vs 2019   to changes in society. This year, for example, we have seen temporary
                                                                                     restrictions introduced by some governments in response to Covid-19.
Impact                                                                               Compliance with law and regulation wherever we operate is a minimum
As regulations continue to evolve and e-commerce expands further,                    and we have long understood that a responsible alcohol company must
digital channels will play an ever-increasing role in bringing our products          go beyond mere compliance.
to consumers. This trend has been accelerated by the impact of Covid-19
and in some markets has favoured spirits. At the peak of the pandemic in             1. Drizly, ‘One year post-lockdown: The new normal of Bev Alc’ 18 March 2021




                                                                                     Scotch in China: positioned
                                                                                     for premiumisation
                                                                                     Greater China has the largest and fastest-growing super premium and
                                                                                     above spirits segment in the world1 – and our portfolio of super premium
                                                                                     and luxury Scotch whiskies is helping us meet Chinese consumers’ desire
                                                                                     to ‘drink better, not more’.2

                                                                                     Our super premium and luxury Scotch portfolio includes Johnnie Walker,
                                                                                     which is Greater China’s biggest Scotch brand by volume and retail sales
                                                                                     value.3 It also includes fast-growing brands such as Mortlach and Talisker, and
                                                                                     The Singleton, which is Greater China’s largest single malt brand by volume.4

                                                                                     The growth of Johnnie Walker Blue Label over the last four years shows how
                                                                                     we are harnessing the trend of premiumisation through the combination of
                                                                                     an outstanding liquid, powerful brand building and innovation driven by
                                                                                     insights into local culture.

                                                                                     This year, the brand launched a series of eye-catching innovations, including
                                                                                     the Forbidden City Edition and a limited edition Chinese New Year bottle
                                                                                     celebrating the Year of the Ox – both of which sold out quickly. These
                                                                                     innovations combine Chinese consumers’ deep pride in their culture
                                                                                     with their demand for unique products that suit gifting and business
                                                                                     entertainment occasions. They also trigger a desire to explore and learn about
                                                                                     Scotch whisky. We are helping to grow that consumer interest, working with
                                                                                     key customers and consumers on product education and mentoring events.
                                                                                     For example, we have held 13 Whisky Summits across China and reached over
                                                                                     15,000 people through our Diageo Whisky Academy since 2017.
                  Johnnie Walker Blue Label Forbidden City Edition                   1, 2, 3, 4. IWSR, 2020


16      Diageo Annual Report 2021
We are proud of our brands and we want them to be enjoyed responsibly.




                                                                                                                                                                   STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                             REPORT
Through our work, we are aligned with the United Nations’ and the World
Health Organization’s goal of reducing harmful drinking by 10% by 2025.
We also advocate policies and industry standards, including minimum
legal purchase age laws and maximum blood-alcohol concentration
driving limits, in countries where these are not already in place.


       210,443Δ young people, parents and teachers
    educated on the dangers of underage drinking this year
                                       Diageo, 2021


Impact
While most people who choose to enjoy alcohol do so responsibly, the
misuse of alcohol can harm individuals and those around them, damage
our industry’s reputation and make it harder for us to create value.
Our response
We want to offer consumers the opportunity to ‘drink better, not more’ – an
approach that is rooted in our social values and aligns with our business model
as a producer of premium drinks. We are committed to promoting moderation
while campaigning to reduce harmful drinking and improving laws and
industry standards. Our approach to positive drinking, described on pages
30-31, includes ambitious targets for areas in which we can have the greatest
impact in reducing harm: drink driving, underage drinking and binge drinking.
              This market dynamic aligns with these strategic priorities:
              Sustain quality growth, Embed everyday efficiency,
              Promote positive drinking                                                Online, on-demand, on
                                                                                       track: accelerating Diageo’s
                                                                                       e-commerce strategy
CONSUMERS EXPECT BUSINESSES TO ACT RESPONSIBLY
Consumers, like all stakeholders, are increasingly challenging
businesses to show how they make a positive impact across all
aspects of society.
They rightly expect to see that businesses are generating wealth,                      The online market for alcohol sales has changed and we have
fostering inclusion and diversity, respecting human rights, supporting                 accelerated our approach to digitalising our engagement with
their communities and acting on important societal and environmental                   consumers all over the world. Our e-commerce retail sales are
issues, including climate change and water stress.                                     still relatively small – but they are growing rapidly, expanding
                                                                                       by around 70% over the last year across 13 key markets,
                                                                                       including the United Kingdom, Germany and China.
       89% of people say companies and brands have a
     responsibility to take care of the planet and its people                          As well as building e-commerce opportunities with existing
                    ‘Regeneration Rising’, Wunderman Thompson, 2021                    retail customers, we are developing new channels and
                                                                                       partnerships, including on-demand.
Impact                                                                                 On-demand platforms take consumers’ orders and find
Earning trust and respect is fundamental to achieving our ambition. We                 brick-and-mortar retailers to fulfil them in a fast delivery service
know our brands must continue to play an active role in society to meet                model. Investing in partnerships with on-demand platforms at
consumer demands. This must be underpinned by a business that reduces                  the right time can help give us first mover advantage. That is
environmental impact and promotes inclusive economic growth, while                     what we have done in the United States through our partnership
making sure to do business with integrity and respect for human rights.                with Drizly, a leading on-demand alcohol delivery service.
Our response
The 25 goals in our ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ plan provide a                  As well as increasing sales, channels like Drizly give us a greater
platform for many of our global brands’ sustainability programmes,                     ability to connect with consumers who are looking to discover
such as Johnnie Walker’s ‘Next Steps’ initiative and Talisker’s partnership            more about our brands and who tend towards whiskeys,
with Parley to rewild the oceans. This year, in response to Covid-19,                  tequilas and higher-priced products. They also support brand
we have supported increased investment in WASH (water, sanitation                      building through features such as customised notifications
and hygiene) programmes and we have taken our commitment to                            and on-site marketing.
a thriving hospitality sector a step further through our $100 million
‘Raising the Bar’ fund, which includes our $20 million Community                       Our investment in e-commerce is driving results. Between
Fund in the United States in support of social justice initiatives.                    July 2020 and June 2021, five Diageo brands were in the
                                                                                       top ten spirits brands sold on Drizly, including two of the
              This market dynamic aligns with these strategic priorities:              top three.1 And on China’s largest platform, T-Mall, Diageo
              Sustain quality growth, Invest smartly, Promote positive                 is the market leader in whisky, with a 24% market share.2
              drinking, Champion inclusion and diversity,
              Pioneer grain-to-glass sustainability
Δ   Within PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP’s (PwC) independent limited assurance scope.     1. Drizly, 2020
    For further detail and the reporting methodologies, see our ESG Reporting Index.   2. Smartpath, 2021                  Don Julio 1942 for sale on drizly.com

                                                                                                                     Diageo Annual Report 2021              17
Our business model



Creating a truly sustainable business
for the long term
                                              We deliver our strategic priorities through a business
                                              model that leverages global and local expertise, has
                                              the consumer at its heart and puts our responsibilities
                                              to our stakeholders front and centre.

                                              Through our ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ 10-year
                                              action plan, we want to help create a more inclusive and
                                              sustainable world, creating a positive impact in our
                                              company, with our communities and for our society.

                                              Our enablers
                                              Our people                                        Our insight and know-how
                                              We are proud of our people, whose                 Our in-country sales and marketing
                                              passion, commitment and specialist                teams give us greater agility
                                              skills make the difference.                       and enhanced insight, so we can
                                                                                                anticipate the diverse needs of
                                              27,650 people                                     our consumers and customers.


                                              Our brands                                        Our infrastructure
                                              We have a leading portfolio of iconic             We have a global network of sites
                                              brands across spirits and beer. Its               devoted to research and development,
                                              breadth across categories and price               distillation, maturation, brewing,
                                              points offers choice for every taste              warehousing and packaging of spirits
                                              and celebration.                                  and beer.

                                              200+ brands                                       138 sites
                                              Our relationships                                 Our financial strength
                                              From grain to glass, strong, trusted              We believe attractive industry margins,
                                              relationships with all our stakeholders           a strong balance sheet and solid free
                                              are essential to our business.                    cash flows give us the financial strength
                                                                                                to execute our strategic priorities and
                                              180+ countries                                    deliver strong stakeholder returns over
                                                                                                the long term.


                                              What sets us apart
                                              Our brand portfolio and geographic footprint
                                              We actively manage our leading brand portfolio to ensure we offer consumers
                                              a broad range of products across categories and price points. We have extensive
                                              operations in the United States and Europe, as well as leading positions in many
                                              of the markets that are expected to contribute most to medium- and long-term
                                              industry growth.

                                              Our track record in innovation and brand building
                                              To recruit consumers, we innovate across centuries-old brands such as
                                              Johnnie Walker, Tanqueray and Guinness, and develop and grow new brands
                                              like Aviation American Gin and Casamigos. We use our archives in Scotland
                                              and Ireland, two of the largest and most comprehensive in the drinks industry,
                                              to provide a rich source of inspiration for our brands. Our creative expertise is
                                              enhanced through the use of data and tools, which we use to develop a deep
                                              understanding of our consumers and customers. We call this combination
                                              ‘creativity with precision’.

                                              Read more about our strategic priorities on pages 23-35 and our principal risks and risk
     Johnnie Walker Midnight Black cocktail   management on pages 45-55

18       Diageo Annual Report 2021
Our business activities                                                              The value we create1




                                                                                                                                                                     STRATEGIC REPORT
Consumer insights                           Sourcing                                 For our people                                            89%
We continually evolve our data tools        From smallholder farmers in Africa       We want our people to be the best they                    of respondents
to understand consumers’ attitudes          to multinational companies, we           can be. We offer a diverse and inclusive                  are proud
and motivations. We convert this            work with our suppliers to procure       workplace with opportunities for                          to work for
information into insights which             high-quality raw materials and           development and progression.                              Diageo2
enable us to respond with agility           services. Where it is practicable,
to our consumers’ interests                 we source locally.
and preferences.
                                                                                     For our consumers                                         367m
                                                                                     We are passionate about the role our                      people
                                                                                     brands play in celebrations globally. We                  reached with
                                                                                     are committed to promoting moderation                     moderation
                                                                                     and reducing alcohol misuse.                              messages from
                                                                                                                                               our brands
Marketing                                   Innovation
We invest in world-class marketing to       Using our deep understanding of
responsibly build vibrant brands that       trends and consumer socialising
                                                                                     For our customers                                         1.6 million
resonate with our consumers. We             occasions, we focus on driving
                                                                                     We work closely with customers to                         bar professionals
have a rigorous global Marketing            sustainable innovation that provides
                                                                                     build sustainable ways of working that                    used the Diageo
Code and belong to the Global               new products and experiences for
                                                                                     help grow their businesses through great                  Bar Academy
Alliance for Responsible Media,             consumers, whether they choose to
                                                                                     insight and execution.                                    website
working with peers to push for further      drink alcohol or not.
consumer and brand safeguards.


                                                                                     For our communities                                       > 63,000
                                                                                     We help build thriving communities                        people
                                                                                     by making lasting contributions where                     benefitted from
                                                                                     we live, work, source and sell.                           our community
Distilling and brewing                      Selling                                                                                            programmes
We distil, brew, bottle and                 We grow by working closely with our
distribute our spirits and beer brands      customers. Our global and local sales
through a globally co-ordinated             teams use our data, digital tools and
supply operation, working to the            insights to extend our sales reach,
highest quality and manufacturing           improve our execution and help           For our suppliers                                         +38
standards. Where it makes sense,            generate value for us and for our        We partner with suppliers to ensure                       supplier net
we produce locally.                         customers. When our customers            long-term, mutually beneficial relationships.             promoter
                                            grow, we grow too.                       Respect for human rights is embedded                      score3
                                                                                     throughout our global value chain.




                                                                                     For our investors                                         13%
Our relationships with the trade                                                     We aim to maximise long-term                              compound
In June 2020, we launched our $100 million ‘Raising the Bar’ programme               shareholder returns through consistent,                   annual growth
to support the recovery, from Covid-19, of pubs, bars and restaurants in major       efficient growth and a disciplined approach               rate in total
hospitality centres around the world. Through Diageo Reserve World Class™            to capital allocation.                                    shareholder
and Diageo Bar Academy programmes, we continue to build a network of                                                                           return over
relationships with bartenders, customers and distributors that provides us                                                                     10 years
with a strong route to our consumers.
Our expertise in distillation and brewing                                            For governments and regulators                            £800,000
Our supply chain teams are the guardians of our brands’ quality and craftsmanship.   We contribute to economic and                             average amount
Their skills and experience range from the craft of barrel-making and                development priorities and advocate                       generated for
coppersmithing, to blending scotch, brewing premium beer, designing                  laws that protect communities where                       every £1m we
packaging and ensuring our complex modern supply operations are working              these are not already in place.                           contribute to
to the highest standards.                                                                                                                      national GDP4


                                                                                     1. Data points refer to fiscal 21 other than where indicated
                                                                                     2. 85% of our global employees completed our Your Voice survey
                                                                                     3. Net promoter score indicates the likelihood that suppliers surveyed would
                                                                                        recommend Diageo as a preferred business partner
                                                                                     4. Oxford Economics, 2021 for calendar year 2020

                                                                                                                    Diageo Annual Report 2021                   19
Stakeholder engagement



Ensuring a continuous dialogue
We aim to maintain open and positive dialogue                                         Consumers
with all our stakeholders, considering their key                                                             Why we engage
interests and communicating with them on                                                                     Understanding our consumers is key to growing our
                                                                                                             business sustainably for the long term. Consumer
a regular basis. This dialogue helps us build                                                                motivations, attitudes and behaviour form the basis
trust and respect and make choices as a                                                                      of our brand marketing and innovation. We make
business that help shape the role we play                                                                    our products with pride and want them to be enjoyed
                                                                                                             responsibly. On occasions when consumers choose to
in society.                                                                                                  drink alcohol, we want them to ‘drink better, not more’.

The strength of our stakeholder relationships                                         Their interests
has never been more important than during                                             –   Choice of brands for different occasions, including no- and lower-alcohol
                                                                                      –   Innovation in heritage brands and creation and nurturing of new brands
Covid-19. We continue to be committed to                                              –   Responsible marketing
actively supporting our people, our industry                                          –   Great experiences
and our communities.                                                                  –   Product quality
                                                                                      –   Sustainability credentials
                                                                                      –   Price

                                                                                      How we respond
                                                                                      – Broad portfolio of choices across categories and price points
                                                                                      – Insightful innovation that satisfies consumer preferences
                                                                                      – Responsible advertising and marketing that adheres to our Diageo
                                                                                        Marketing Code
                                                                                      – Active engagement and education to promote moderation and reduce the
                                                                                        harmful use of alcohol
                                                                                      – High-quality manufacturing and environmental standards




Our people                                                                            Customers
                      Why we engage                                                                          Why we engage
                      Our people and our brands are at the core of our                                       Our customers are experts in the products they buy and
                      business. We aim to build a trusting, respectful and                                   sell, as well as in the experiences they create and deliver.
                      inclusive culture where every individual feels highly                                  We work with a wide range of customers, big and small,
                      engaged and fulfilled. We want our people to feel their                                on-trade and off-trade, retailers, wholesalers and distributors,
                      human rights are respected and that they are treated with                              digital and e-commerce. Our passion is to ensure we nurture
                      dignity at work. We are committed to creating opportunities                            mutually beneficial relationships that deliver joint value and
                      for career growth and building a continuous learning culture.                          great outcomes for our consumers.

Their interests                                                                       Their interests
–    Prioritisation of health, safety and wellbeing                                   –   A portfolio of leading brands that meets evolving consumer preferences
–    Investment in learning opportunities for employee growth and development         –   Identification of opportunities that offer profitable growth
–    Ways of working, culture and benefits programme                                  –   Insights into consumer behaviour and shopper trends
–    Contribute to the growth of our brands and our performance                       –   Trusted product quality
–    The promotion of inclusion and diversity                                         –   Innovation, promotional support and merchandising
                                                                                      –   Availability and reliable supply and stocking
How we respond                                                                        –   Technical expertise
–    Company-wide employee engagement surveys
–    Consistent talent and performance management approach                            How we respond
–    Extensive online learning and development material                               – Use of digital sales technology and best practice analytics to support our
–    Informative and up-to-date employee communication channels                         retailers and distributors
–    Meetings with non-executive workforce engagement director                        – Ongoing dialogue and account management support
–    Employee/business resource groups                                                – Physical and virtual sales calls and our new digital customer sales portal
                                                                                      – Development of joint business plans, including Covid-19 support for our
                                                                                        on-trade and distributor customers
                                                                                      – Regular business updates
     Read more about how our Board engages                                            – Training and webinars through unique offerings such as Diageo Bar Academy
     with our stakeholders on pages 92-94




20        Diageo Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                                                                                      STRATEGIC REPORT
Suppliers                                                                          Investors
                      Why we engage                                                                      Why we engage
                      Our suppliers and agencies are experts in the wide range                           We want to enable equity and debt investors to have
                      of goods and services we require to create and market                              an in-depth understanding of our strategy and our
                      our brands. Through collaboration with them, we not only                           operational and financial performance, so they can
                      deliver high-quality products marketed responsibly, but                            more accurately assess the value of our shares and
                      improve our collective impact, ensuring sustainable supply                         the opportunities to finance our business.
                      chains, reducing our environmental impact and making
                      positive contributions to society.

Their interests                                                                    Their interests
–   Strong, mutually beneficial partnerships                                       –   Strategic priorities
–   Strategic alignment and growth opportunities                                   –   Financial performance
–   Fair contract and payment terms                                                –   Corporate governance
–   Collaboration to realise innovation                                            –   Leadership credentials, experience and succession
–   Consistent performance measurement                                             –   Executive remuneration policy
–   Joint risk assessment and mitigation                                           –   Shareholder returns
                                                                                   –   Environmental, inclusion and diversity, and social commitments and progress
How we respond
– Partnering with Suppliers standard, our code for working with suppliers,         How we respond
  which incorporates our ’Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ goals                  –   Stock exchange announcements, including financial results
– Supplier Service Hub, our portal for end-to-end supplier interactions,           –   Investor roadshows
  including real-time invoicing information                                        –   Meetings and calls
– Sharing of best practice and learnings, including Covid-19 safety protocols      –   Capital markets days
– Global Supplier Diversity programme and access to DRINKiQ tools                  –   Annual general meeting
  and information                                                                  –   Succession planning, Board and Executive appointments
– Confidential, independent whistleblowing helpline and website                    –   Annual Report, Form 20-F and ESG Reporting Index
– Supplier Connect sessions and regional supplier awards                           –   Shareholder information on diageo.com
– Supplier performance measurement and performance reviews with                    –   Participation in investor conferences
  two-way feedback
– Standardised assessments through independent bodies



Communities                                                                        Governments and regulators
                      Why we engage                                                                      Why we engage
                      Investing in sustainable growth means creating long-                               The regulatory environment is critical to the success of
                      term value for the communities in which we live, work,                             our business. We believe it is important that those who
                      source and sell. By ensuring we empower people, increase                           can influence policy, laws and regulation understand our
                      their access to opportunity and champion inclusion and                             views. We also want to share information and perspectives
                      diversity, we can help build thriving communities, shape                           on areas that can impact public health and our business,
                      a tolerant society and strengthen our business.                                    as well as on the broader environment and community.


Their interests                                                                    Their interests
– Impact of our operations on the local economy                                    – Contribution to national and local economic, development and public
– Access to skills development, opportunities for employment and                     health priorities
  supplier opportunities                                                           – International trade, excise, regulation and tackling illicit trade
– Inclusion and diversity and tackling inequality in all forms                     – Tackling harmful drinking and the impact of responsible drinking initiatives
– Improved access to water, sanitation and hygiene                                 – Climate change and wider sustainability agenda, including carbon reduction,
– Responsible use of natural resources                                               human rights, environmental impacts, sustainable agriculture and support
– Transparency and engagement                                                        for communities
                                                                                   – Corporate behaviour
How we respond
– ‘Raising the Bar’, our $100 million fund supporting the recovery of pubs, bars   How we respond
  and restaurants in global hospitality centres                                    – Ongoing dialogue
– Partnerships with local and global NGOs, such as Care International and          – Collaboration on responsible drinking initiatives and promotion of moderation,
  WaterAid, and local raw material supply partnerships in Africa                     tackling illicit trade and strengthening industry standards
– Providing skills and resources through initiatives such as Diageo Bar Academy    – Participation in governments’ business and industry advisory groups
  and Learning for Life                                                            – Sharing of research, economic modelling and international best practice,
– Inclusion and diversity embedded into community programme design                   including as a member of industry trade organisations
– Community water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) programmes in Africa              – Support for communities and hospitality sector during Covid-19, including
  and India                                                                          provision of hand sanitiser and personal protective equipment (PPE)
                                                                                   – Diageo Code of Business Conduct

                                                                                                                          Diageo Annual Report 2021             21
Our people



An engaged and
empowered workforce
At the core of our Performance Ambition is a commitment to enable our 27,650 people to be the best they can be, have the
freedom to succeed and feel valued for who they are. From the moment they join Diageo, we want our people to feel engaged:
passionate about our Performance Ambition, connected to our values and motivated to achieve their potential.

We provide our people with robust career and development                      Our leaders play a critical role in inspiring and influencing employee
opportunities, competitive reward offerings, and an inclusive environment     experience, culture and performance. In 2020, we launched our
that harnesses their diversity. The health and wellbeing of our people        Accelerate programme to over 600 leaders in the organisation, aimed
continues to be our priority and we have implemented progressive              at providing them with world-class thinking and insights on how to lead
policies and procedures to safeguard them and help them successfully          in a continuously changing world. Our annual talent review approach
navigate the Covid-19 pandemic.                                               continues to be a strength. Across our markets, our leaders run a series of
                                                                              talent investment meetings aimed at providing insights into our people,
Staying engaged and responsive                                                their strengths and development needs and actions needed to unlock
We pride ourselves on our unique culture, rooted in a deep sense of           their future growth and development. Movement and progress of internal
purpose, a passion for winning, and a personal connection to our brands       talent continues to be a focus of our talent reviews, providing employees
and each other. Everyone at Diageo plays a part in creating this culture.     with stretching opportunities to grow their careers.
Our bi-annual Your Voice survey, in addition to the regular pulse surveys
we ran throughout the pandemic, provides us with valuable insights on         Strengthening our performance management
employee engagement, what works well in the organisation, and what            As the pace of change accelerates, we must continue to inject speed
can be improved. The Your Voice survey results released in May 2021 told      and simplification in our business and focus our resources on critical
us that 89% of respondents are proud to work for Diageo and 81% would         growth opportunities. Our performance management framework has
recommend Diageo as a great place to work. Across our business, the           been further strengthened with the shift from annual to quarterly goal
insights gained from the Your Voice and pulse surveys are used to develop     setting, helping our teams adapt faster to changing consumer and
meaningful action plans. We ran a Global Wellness week in February 2021,      business needs. Leaders work with their teams to set focussed priorities
in response to the feedback from the pulse survey conducted on the impact     at the beginning of each quarter and meet regularly to review progress.
of the pandemic on people’s wellbeing. The impact of this initiative can be   This has allowed employees to have frequent performance feedback
seen in 78% of respondents telling us in this year’s Your Voice survey that   conversations. We are also seeing more areas of the business deliver rapid
they believe Diageo is sufficiently supporting their health and wellbeing.    work through ‘sprints’ – cross-functional teams organised to work on critical
                                                                              business projects. Through sprints, our people gain new skills and collaborate
                                                                              across functions and regions to deliver against our biggest business priorities.
85%                                      81%                                         Our ESG Reporting Index includes further information, including data on our
                                                                                     employees by region, role and gender and new hires and leavers by gender
of our people completed the              of respondents were identified
Your Voice survey                        as engaged
                                                                              Average number of employees by region by gender1,2,3

Over the past year, it has become even more important to embed more           Region                                       Men           %      Women            %          Total
flexible ways of getting work done, so our people can own how they            North America                            1,626         60%        1,078        40%  2,704
deliver their best work. We call this our ‘Diageo Flex philosophy’ – a        Europe and Turkey                        5,885         60%        3,915        40%  9,800
framework of principles for our people and their line managers to discuss     Africa                                   2,862         72%        1,109        28%  3,971
and agree working patterns that best reflect each employee’s individual       Latin America and Caribbean              1,809         62%        1,091        38%  2,900
needs alongside business requirements. This framework continues to be
                                                                              Asia Pacific                             6,020         73%        2,255        27%  8,275
a catalyst for stronger employee engagement and performance.
                                                                              Total                                   18,202         66%        9,448        34% 27,650
     A commitment to human rights, including employees’ rights, underpins
     everything we do – see page 42
                                                                              Average number of employees by role by gender1,2
Investing in our people’s growth and development
                                                                              Role                                         Men           %      Women            %          Total
Upskilling and reskilling our workforce is critical to future-proofing our
organisation. We are embedding a continuous learning culture that gives       Executive                                     8        62%            5        38%     13
our people learning opportunities that promote speed of performance           Senior manager4                             312        58%          229        42%    541
and experimentation and helps to deliver business growth. Our learning        Line manager5                             2,263        69%        1,039        31%  3,302
management platform, My Learning Hub, offers rich experiential learning       Supervised employee6                     15,619        66%        8,175        34% 23,794
content that can be accessed anywhere, anytime. In the past year, we          Diageo (total)                          18,202         66%        9,448        34% 27,650
have increased our investment in developing our people’s skills in the
areas of digital marketing, e-commerce, data and analytics, leadership,       1. This data is correct as of 30 June 2021
and inclusion and diversity. Our people experienced over 466,000 hours        2. This data has been compiled based on answers provided by respondents who have
of learning in the last financial year. We have also expanded the scope of       identified their gender identity as male or female, and will not be fully representative
                                                                                 of the gender identity or diversity within our employee population
offering on My Learning Hub to our extended workforce (temporary and          3. Employees have been allocated to the region in which they reside
fixed term contractors) to support their personal and professional growth.    4. Top leadership positions in Diageo, excluding Executive Committee
                                                                              5. All Diageo employees (non-senior managers) with one or more direct reports
                                                                              6. All Diageo employees (non-senior managers) who have no direct reports




22       Diageo Annual Report 2021
  Our strategic priorities



  Delivering our Performance
  Ambition
  Our strategic priorities support the achievement of our                                                                                                      STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                         REPORT
  ambition to be one of the best performing, most trusted
  and respected consumer products companies in the
  world. Through them, we deliver the strategic outcomes
  against which we measure our performance.




                                 OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES




                  w th                                     Em
                 o                                           be
               gr                                      Ch
                                                               d
                       ve                                 am
          y
   quali            iti                                 an            efficiency
         t
           Promot                                                 day
                                                              ery
                       g
                  e                                         ev
Sustain       drin pos                                                    sion
                                                                     inclu
                                      OUR AMBITION

                  kin            To be one of the best
                                                                  on sity
                                                                                                 OUR STRATEGIC OUTCOMES


                                                                pi diver
                               performing, most trusted                                          EG    Efficient growth
                               and respected consumer                                                  Consistently grow organic net sales, grow
                                 products companies
                                     in the world.                d                                    operating profit, deliver strong free cash flow

                                                                                                 CVC   Consistent value creation
                                                                                                       Top-tier total shareholder returns, increase
                      Pi  on                                ss                                         return on invested capital
                                eer                g la
                                      g      -to -                                                     Credibility and trust
                                s u s r a i n lit y
                                                                                                 CT
                                                                                                       Trusted by stakeholders for doing business
                                     tainabi                                                           the right way, from grain to glass

                                                                                                 EP    Engaged people
                               I nv e s t
                                               s m ar tly
                                                                                                       High-performing and engaged teams,
                                                                                                       continuous learning, inclusive culture




  OUR CULTURE AND VALUES
  Our culture underpins the work we do to deliver our strategic priorities and is key to our success.
  It is shaped by our values and encourages our people to: lead bold execution that ensures consumers delight in our brands; act like entrepreneurs and
  encourage learning; take ownership for shaping and achieving our ambition; and create an inclusive environment where everyone can be at their best.

  We strive to share our values with our stakeholders, building mutually fulfilling relationships and partnerships.
  PASSIONATE ABOUT                  FREEDOM TO SUCCEED            PROUD OF WHAT WE DO             VALUING EACH OTHER               BE THE BEST
  CONSUMERS AND CUSTOMERS           We foster an                  We are proud of how             We are creating a truly          We are restless:
  Our curiosity and insights        entrepreneurial               we operate and what             inclusive culture. We seek       always learning, always
  deliver experiences and           spirit by giving each other   we stand for. We act            diversity in people and          improving. We strive to
  products that delight and         the freedom to succeed.       sensitively with the highest    perspectives and believe         be the best at work and
  drive growth.                     It’s how we move with         standards for integrity and     in the benefits it delivers      in our communities.
                                    pace and keep our big         social responsibility.          across our business.
                                    company small.



      Johnnie Walker Whisky Bramble cocktail


                                                                                                                       Diageo Annual Report 2021          23
Our strategic priorities continued



     1           Sustain quality growth
Creating sustainable and
consistent quality growth is
at the heart of our ambition to
be ‘one of the best performing’.
It means delivering consistent net
sales and margin growth as well
as top-tier shareholder returns.
DELIVERING OUR STRATEGIC OUTCOMES
Sustained quality growth contributes to the delivery
of our strategic outcomes of Efficient growth,
Consistent value creation and Credibility and trust.
EG   CVC    CT



Creating sustained, quality growth is not new to us. Brands
such as Guinness, Tanqueray and Baileys show how the right
approach to quality, brand building, innovation and investing                    Crown Royal ready to drink cocktails
for the long term can build lasting value. This year, we continued
to focus on emerging from the pandemic stronger. We rapidly
responded to increased consumer demand in the off-trade                     Innovating to capture
channel and also focussed on: developing the successful new
brands of the future; on growing volume, price and mix – what
                                                                            new opportunities
we call Revenue Growth Management (RGM); on executing the                   Driving sustainable growth, led by consumer insights, lies
most effective route to our consumers; and on working with                  at the heart of our innovation: we use purposeful innovation
governments and stakeholders around the world to ensure our                 to recruit new consumers to our brands and access new
brands compete on a more equal playing field for                            occasions in which they can be enjoyed. This year, consumers
alcohol taxation and regulatory policy.                                     sought the reassurance of well-known and trusted brands as
                                                                            well as convenience and choices for ‘at home’ occasions.
     Read more about how we are responding to our market dynamics
     on pages 14-17
                                                                            Worth over US$13.9 billion in 2020,1 ready to drink (RTD) is the
                                                                            fastest growing total beverage alcohol category in the United
                                                                            States, growing 42% between 2017 and 2020.2 Growth in RTDs
Progress in 2021                                                            has accelerated over the last year, driven by consumer interest
– Launched innovations across our global giant brands to recruit new        in delicious, ready-made cocktails ‘at home’ and offerings that
  consumers and unlock new occasions, including Guinness Nitro Cold         are ideal for at home celebrations.
  Brew Coffee, Captain Morgan Sliced Apple, Smirnoff Seltzers and Baileys
  Apple Pie                                                                 Building on this exciting consumer opportunity, we have
– Enhanced Guinness 0.0 product quality through the introduction of         accelerated the development of our RTD portfolio, including
  a new filtration process and additional quality assurance measures,       the launch this year of Crown Royal ready to drink cocktails,
  leading to product re-launch in Summer 2021                               Ketel One Botanical Vodka Spritz and Tanqueray Crafted Gin
– Expanded no- and lower choices with launch of Tanqueray 0.0%,             Cocktails. In creating these innovations, we leveraged our
  Gordon’s 0.0% and Baileys Deliciously Light                               longstanding expertise in research and development and
– Accelerated development of e-commerce capabilities, including             packaging design to deliver premium bar-quality cocktails.
  further development of our direct to consumer e-commerce
  platforms, such as HaigClub.com, TheBar.com and Seedlip.com               Launched in three flavours, our Crown Royal RTD range
                                                                            quickly became the third largest spirits RTD cocktail in the
Looking ahead to 2022                                                       United States,3 even in limited distribution, and is the only
– Drive further improvements in quality market share                        RTD product in Nielsen’s Top Ten innovations for 2021.4
– Continue to invest in brands and regions where we see the most
  attractive opportunities
– Continue to grow position in no- and lower-alcohol, and ready to          1.   IWSR, 2020
  drink categories                                                          2.   IWSR, 2020
– Continue to build our e-commerce position and expand physical             3.   Nielsen: week ending 11.07.20 to 19.06.21
                                                                            4.   Nielsen US Spirits Innovation Report: 11.07.20 to 19.06.21
  and digital routes to our consumers




24         Diageo Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                     STRATEGIC REPORT
Don Julio and Casamigos:
how quality drives our growth
What does sustainable quality growth look like? One example
is the success of our Don Julio and Casamigos tequila brands in
the United States, where the tequila category is growing more
than twice as fast as total spirits.1

While consumer interest in tequila continues to grow, our
insights and brand building are delivering more – with our
brands gaining year-on-year tequila category market share
in the United States.2

At the heart of that growth is the fact that Don Julio and
Casamigos are well positioned to capture the benefits
of wider changes in consumer preferences.

Consumers want higher quality products that stand out
for authenticity, taste and cultural relevance – spurring
demand for premium and luxury brands. At the same
time, the appeal of tequila is broadening across generations
and demographics, with a truly multi-cultural consumer base.
And that increased demand is accompanied by a growing
awareness of the many great ways in which tequila can be
enjoyed – both in terms of serves and occasions.

Don Julio, for example, is contributing to this growing
understanding through high-quality liquid and inclusive
marketing that has cemented it as a brand for a wide consumer
base which is also suited to special yet relaxed occasions, such
as dinner with friends.

Don Julio 1942, our luxury añejo tequila, has become
renowned for its quality. It has steadily built cultural cachet
among celebrities, influencers and discerning tequila fans to
become the largest prestige and above spirits brand in the
United States by volume and net sales value.3

The growth of Don Julio 1942 is just part of the wider progress
of our tequila portfolio, which we believe has a clear runway for
further sustained quality growth. As well as looking forward,
we continue to recognise and support tequila’s deep roots
in Mexican culture. Through initiatives such as the Tequila
Don Julio fund, which celebrated Cinco de Mayo this year
with a commitment of $1 million over the next four years,
we are supporting approved charities whose missions help
the restaurant and bar communities that have helped build
Don Julio into the brand it is today.




1.   IWSR, 2020
2.   Nielsen/NABCA, 2018 to 2021
3.   IWSR, 2020



     Don Julio Margarita cocktails




                                                                    Diageo Annual Report 2021   25
Our strategic priorities continued



     2           Embed everyday efficiency
Everyday efficiency creates
the fuel that allows us to invest                                           ‘Never Be Out’ products:
smartly and sustain quality                                                 improving customer service
growth. At its heart, everyday                                              and supply chain agility by
efficiency is a mindset and a                                               simplifying our business
culture, which everyone in Diageo                                           We are always looking for ways to make our supply and
is encouraged to bring to life in                                           procurement operation more agile, efficient and effective. This
                                                                            year, our global product segmentation programme helped us move
their daily work.                                                           away from a ‘one size fits all’ approach to producing brands for our
                                                                            customers and markets, and towards a more agile model that helps
                                                                            us deliver the highest levels of tailored customer service, improves
DELIVERING OUR                                                              financial performance and supports market share growth.
STRATEGIC OUTCOMES                     Progress in 2021
Embed everyday efficiency              – Tightly controlled discretionary
                                                                            Through a sharper analytical focus on the products that drive the
                                         spend and continued to drive
contributes to the delivery                                                 most volume and value for our customers and our markets, we
                                         efficiency and effectiveness
of our strategic outcomes              – Launched a value chain
                                                                            identified over 1,200 priority products globally that we aim to ensure
of Efficient growth,                                                        are never out of stock – what we call ‘Never Be Out’ stock keeping
                                         transformation programme
Consistent value creation                                                   units (SKUs). This has never been more important, given the volatility
                                         across Supply and Procurement
                                                                            we have seen as a result of Covid-19.
and Engaged people.                      to increase digitisation and
                                         drive efficiency improvements
EG   CVC    EP                                                              ‘Never Be Out’ SKUs typically represent the majority of volume and
                                       – Continued to focus on
                                                                            sales value in a market. They can also be higher-margin products,
                                         opportunities to centralise
We are focussed on ensuring                                                 or strategically important products – for example recent innovations
                                         and standardise our financial
                                                                            or Reserve brands.
our resources are deployed               controls, reporting and
where they are most effective.           analysis activities
                                                                            Key to the success of our product segmentation programme has
This means using technology            – Automated additional
                                                                            been greater alignment of priorities between our sales and supply
and data analytics to make               processes across functions,
                                                                            chain teams, who through more effective collaboration can ensure
                                         such as inventory procurement
better, faster decisions and             and logistics
                                                                            that supply chain resilience is being strengthened for the products
work in a more agile way.                                                   that are most important to our customers and our business. In
                                       – Continued deployment of
                                                                            practice this can mean ensuring we always have enough materials
                                         back-office processes
It also means simplifying                                                   for these critical SKUs or proactively dedicating spare production
                                       – EDGE365 now available in 14
                                                                            capacity to making more.
our business so that we                  countries across all our regions
can liberate our teams to                                                   This year, despite Covid-19-related volatility and disruption in our
better meet the needs of our           Looking ahead to 2022
                                                                            supply chains, we maintained high levels of service to our customers,
                                       – Continue day-to-day focus
consumers and customers.                                                    demonstrating the importance of focussing on our priority products.
                                         on efficiency and effectiveness
At the same time as freeing              throughout our value chain
resources to focus on great            – Acceleration of end-to-end
performance, everyday                    Supply Chain and Procurement’s
efficiency generates savings             digital transformation
that we can reinvest smartly.          – Further progress the
                                         development and rollout of
     Read more about how we              sales operation’s digitisation,
     are responding to our market
     dynamics on pages 14-17
                                         including EDGE365 and
                                         Diageo One
                                       – Continue investment in data
                                         analytics and automation




                                                                                Retail outlet




26         Diageo Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                                Content & Imagery
                                                                                                                not final




                                                                                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                                                                                                                            REPORT
Transforming our execution:
every customer, every day, everywhere
It makes clear business sense to put customers at the heart of our        they need, on any device, anytime, anywhere. Diageo One is fully
approach to execution. They are experts in the products they buy          integrated with EDGE365, a customer-focussed Diageo application
and sell, as well as in the experiences they create and deliver.          that integrates everything our sales forces need to manage their
                                                                          customer relationships, into a single mobile application. This means
The continued deployment and development of our Every Day Great           that we are able to provide our customers with real-time access to
Execution (EDGE) suite of technologies and applications continues         brand content, promotional information, training materials and
to enhance our ability to offer the right brands, in the right outlets,   much more. Through this integrated solution our customers have
in the right way. They are making our execution simpler, more             access to data, insights and analytics that help them to accelerate
efficient and more effective. As they are increasingly embedded           decision-making and ensure they have the right brands, activated
across the business, our teams have more time to work with more           in the right way, for their outlets and their consumers.
customers. And it is creating clear business impacts in the form of
higher sales and increased market share.                                  More engagement, more sales, more market share
                                                                          We are deploying our Every Day Great Execution suite of technology,
Diageo One: a single portal to empower customers                          including EDGE365 and Diageo One, quickly. These solutions have
Launched this year, Diageo One provides a single, digital point           enabled an almost 20% increase in the number of outlets called
of engagement with our customers. It gives them the power to              on since the start of Covid-19 and they are also supporting off-trade
manage their account and access any Diageo content or services            market share growth in all regions.




   Example of Diageo One user interface


                                                                                                           Diageo Annual Report 2021        27
Our strategic priorities continued



     3             Invest smartly
We are investing in the future                                                     Progress in 2021
success of our business – but that                                                 – Continued to invest for the long term, including: the acquisition
                                                                                     of Davos Brands LLC; a new Customer Collaboration Center
investment needs to be ‘smart’ to                                                    (United States); a water recovery plant (Uganda); carbon-neutral
                                                                                     distilleries (Scotland); and biomass boilers (Uganda and Kenya)
support the delivery of consistent                                                 – Upweighted our investment in A&P and delivered enhancements to
                                                                                     our Catalyst suite of tools, enabling more effective short- and long-term
performance and enable                                                               A&P spend and improved insight into our return on investment
                                                                                   – Invested in the development of our ready to drink portfolio in North
sustainable, quality growth.                                                         America through acquisition of the Lone River Ranch Water and Loyal 9
                                                                                     Cocktails brands, and an $80 million expansion of our manufacturing
                                                                                     footprint in Plainfield, Illinois
DELIVERING OUR STRATEGIC OUTCOMES                                                  – Received seven prestigious marketing effectiveness awards from the
Investing smartly contributes to the delivery of our strategic                       Institute of Practitioners in Advertising (IPA)
outcomes of Efficient growth, Consistent value creation and                        – Co-developed a bespoke media planning platform to further increase
Engaged people.                                                                      A&P efficiency
EG    CVC    EP
                                                                                   Looking ahead to 2022
                                                                                   – Continue to develop our marketing effectiveness tools to further
We focus our investment in areas where we believe it will bring                      improve our return on investment and enable faster decision-making
the greatest benefits: our people; advertising and promotional                     – Continue to enhance and develop e-commerce and enabling
(A&P) spend; technology, data and e-commerce; capital                                technologies across the business
expenditure; and mergers and acquisitions (M&A).                                   – Continue to actively manage and invest in our portfolio of brands and brand
                                                                                     experiences, as well as capital expenditure to support the delivery of our
     Read more about how we are responding to our market dynamics                    ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ plan and long-term growth
     on pages 14-17




Scotch whisky tourism – supporting
growth with the right capital investment
Despite Covid-19, we continued to             and more than 200 years of Johnnie
invest smartly behind opportunities           Walker’s heritage. When it opens later
that support our goal of driving              this summer, visitors will experience a
quality growth.                               multi-sensory, immersive tour through
                                              Johnnie Walker’s history and world of
Our multi-year, £185 million Scotch           flavour, whether in person or online. They
whisky tourism investment programme           will be able to catch live performances,
– the largest ever seen in Scotland –         shop for brand home exclusive bottles
is creating a powerful platform to            and soak up breathtaking views from
engage and recruit new generations            two rooftop bars.
of consumers, as well as creating jobs
and supporting our local communities.         We are also well advanced in our work
And as consumers seek once again              to transform the visitor experiences at
to travel, they will want to visit the        four celebrated Diageo distilleries and
places where their favourite brands           in reopening the ‘ghost’ distilleries
are made, meet the people who                 of Port Ellen and Brora. Glenkinchie,
make them and experience the                  Clynelish, Cardhu and Brora successfully
passion of those people and places.           reopened this year and have all received
                                              Scotland’s most prestigious Green
At the centre of the programme                Tourism Gold Awards for sustainable
is Johnnie Walker Princes Street,             practices in both the visitor experiences
a new global visitor attraction in            and distillery operations.
Edinburgh which celebrates scotch



     The entrance to Brora distillery


28          Diageo Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                                                       STRATEGIC REPORT




                                                          Building our portfolio for the
                                                          long term: strategic acquisitions
                                                          Many of our iconic brands have            This year, we acquired
                                                          been built over decades, or               Aviation American Gin and
                                                          even centuries. While never               Chase Distillery: two fast-
                                                          losing sight of the importance            growing, premium plus gin
                                                          of investing in the growth of             brands with exciting growth
                                                          these great brands, we need               potential. Aviation American
                                                          to identify and nurture the               Gin has disrupted the gin
                                                          new brands that consumers                 category in North America
                                                          will enjoy in the future. We              with its subtle juniper notes
                                                          do this through innovation,               and modern craft credentials.
                                                          by investing in entrepreneurs             It is the second largest and one
                                                          with new ideas through the                of the fastest growing brands
                                                          Diageo-backed accelerator                 in the super premium gin
                                                          programme, Distill Ventures,              segment in the United States.3
                                                          and through acquisitions.
                                                                                                    The acquisition of Chase
                                                          We look to make acquisitions              Distillery, the producer of
                                                          of high-growth brands in                  Chase GB Gin and a crafted
                                                          fast-growing categories –                 portfolio of flavoured gin
                                                          such as those we have made                innovations, broadened our
                                                          in recent years in tequila,               offering in the United Kingdom
                                                          gin, no- and lower-alcohol                – the largest gin market in
                                                          and ready to drink. Super                 Europe.4 The flavoured gin
                                                          premium tequila brand                     category in the United Kingdom
                                                          Casamigos, which we acquired              grew at a compound annual
                                                          in 2017, grew net sales 125%              growth rate of over 140%
                                                          this year and recently joined             between 2015 and 2020,5 and
                                                          the ‘Millionaires’ Club’,1 having         Chase Distillery’s flavoured gin
                                                          sold over one million cases               portfolio – with its fresh and
                                                          in 2020.2                                 zesty flavour combinations – is
                                                                                                    well positioned to benefit from
                                                                                                    this growth.
                                                          1.   Drinks International, June 2021      4.   IWSR, 2020
                                                          2.   IWSR, 2020                           5.   IWSR, 2020
                                                          3.   IWSR, 2020



Chase Distillery Pink Grapefruit & Pomelo flavoured gin


                                                                                                 Diageo Annual Report 2021        29
Our strategic priorities continued



      4          Promote positive drinking
We want to change the way the world                                     We want everyone at Diageo to be an advocate for positive
                                                                        drinking and we have long campaigned to reduce the harmful
drinks for the better. That means promoting                             use of alcohol. We know that for most people who choose to
moderation and continuing to address                                    drink, drinking responsibly is common sense – but we also know that
                                                                        harmful drinking causes significant issues for individuals, their families
the harmful use of alcohol by changing                                  and society as a whole. We share our stakeholders’ concerns about
attitudes and expanding our programmes                                  that harm and we want to work with others as part of a whole-of-
                                                                        society approach to address it – which is why promoting positive
that tackle underage drinking, drink driving                            drinking is at the heart of our ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ plan.
and binge drinking.
                                                                            The right thing to do – for society and our business
DELIVERING OUR STRATEGIC OUTCOMES                                           In 2015, Diageo was a founding member of IARD, the
                                                                            International Alliance for Responsible Drinking, a not-for-profit
Promoting positive drinking contributes to the delivery                     organisation comprising 12 leading beer, wine and spirits
of our strategic outcomes of Credibility and trust,                         companies. IARD members work together to actively support
Engaged people.                                                             the WHO’s target within the Non-Communicable Diseases
 CT   EP                                                                    (NCD) Global Monitoring Framework of an ‘at least 10%
                                                                            relative reduction in the harmful use of alcohol’ by 2025.
Promoting moderation and addressing the harmful use
of alcohol is not only the right thing to do – it is an essential       Promoting moderation
part of our Performance Ambition. Our commercial success                To meet our goal of changing attitudes and reaching one billion
                                                                        people with dedicated responsible drinking messages, we are
depends on us creating a positive impact on society, wherever           committed to reinforcing moderation in everything we do.
we live, work, source and sell. And, as a premium drinks company,
we want people around the world who choose to drink alcohol             We want our people to be ambassadors and we are using the
to drink better, not more – and to trade up to our higher quality,      reach and influence of our brands to connect with consumers.
better-tasting drinks.                                                  For example, in Mexico we have reached over 46 million people
                                                                        with messages of moderation through a cross-brand campaign
Our brands have been part of people’s celebrations for                  on social media supported by Johnnie Walker, Smirnoff, Don
generations. We make them with pride – and they are made                Julio, Buchanan’s and Black & White. Our brands also use major
                                                                        sponsorships to reinforce moderation messaging – as Guinness
to be enjoyed responsibly.                                              does through its role as title sponsor and official responsible
                                                                        drinking partner of the Guinness Six Nations rugby tournament.

                                                                        Tackling underage drinking
                                                                        When it comes to those who are underage, it is never acceptable
                                                                        to consume alcohol, and we have a long track record of campaigns
                                                                        and programmes to tackle underage drinking. We are committed
Progress in 2021                                                        to educating 10 million people on the dangers of underage drinking
– Transformed DRINKiQ with new content, design and interactive tools    by 2030. A key part of this approach is scaling up SMASHED, an
– Launched SMASHED Online in Great Britain, Northern Ireland, India,    award-winning alcohol education programme, developed by
  Australia and Mexico                                                  Collingwood Learning and sponsored by Diageo, through which
– Launched digital learning experience, ‘The Wrong Side of the Road’,   we measure changed attitudes as well as the number of people we
  to help people understand the consequences of drink driving           reach. Since launching in the United Kingdom more than 15 years
                                                                        ago, SMASHED has reached over 1.2 million people and is currently
Looking ahead to 2030                                                   available in 16 countries. It began as a live theatre production
– Champion health literacy and tackle harm through DRINKiQ in every     presented by professional actors accompanied by interactive
  market where we live, work, source and sell                           workshops, evaluation and teaching resources for schools. As part of
– Scale up our SMASHED partnership, and educate 10 million young        our joint long-term strategy with Collingwood Learning to reach a
  people, parents and teachers on the dangers of underage drinking      greater number of students, we developed SMASHED Online. This
– Extend our UNITAR partnership, and promote changes in attitudes       work was accelerated in response to Covid-19 and the closure
  to drink driving, reaching five million people                        of many schools. SMASHED Online launched in 2021 in Great Britain,
– Leverage Diageo marketing and innovation to make moderation           Northern Ireland, India, Australia and Mexico. We plan to expand the
  the norm – reaching one billion people with dedicated responsible     programme next year with more localised versions for other markets.
  drinking messaging
                                                                        This year we educated 210,443Δ people on the dangers of underage
                                                                        drinking through a Diageo supported education programme.
                                                                        195,544Δ of those people confirmed a changed attitude on the
                                                                        dangers of underage drinking following participation.




                                                                        Δ   Within PwC’s limited assurance scope. See page 201 for further details.


30         Diageo Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                    We have set ourselves a set of stretching
                                                                                                    targets for changing attitudes and encouraging
                                                                                                    moderation, described in full on page 38




                                                                                                                                                                          STRATEGIC REPORT
Changing attitudes; preventing drink driving                                    Across some of our markets, advertising monitoring and industry bodies
Attitude change is crucial in achieving another of our priorities:              publicly report breaches of self-regulatory alcohol marketing codes. This
preventing drink driving. For decades, we have been addressing drink            year, one case was upheld against Diageo’s advertising by a key industry
driving through a range of interventions, including partnerships with           body, ABAC, the advertising regulator in Australia.
police, local authorities and other agencies that support enforcement of
drink drive laws. We provide education for drivers and law enforcers and        Advertising complaints upheld by key industry bodies that
we support safe rides and public transportation.                                report publicly1
                                                                                A complaint was upheld by ABAC on 8 January 2021 for the Baileys
Since 2016 we have partnered on this issue with the United Nations              Original Irish Cream Liqueur Milk Glass Gift Pack. The complaint was
Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR). Together we are supporting        upheld on the basis that the gift pack had strong and evident appeal to
the second UN Decade of Action for Road Safety, and our ‘Society 2030:          minors. It was noted that the desserts and milkshakes on the pack were
Spirit of Progress’ plan commits us to changing the attitudes of five million   styled in a way that makes the imagery relatable to minors and creates an
drivers towards drink driving by 2030. This year, together with UNITAR          illusion of a smooth transition from non-alcoholic to alcoholic beverages.
and ahead of UN Global Road Safety Week, we launched a digital learning
experience to help people understand the consequences of drink driving.         As it was a complaint relating to packaging, Diageo had two opportunities
‘The Wrong Side of the Road’ allows people to have a conversation with a        to respond and provide our point of view. We responded to each question
drink driver to help them understand the effects of alcohol, and the shame      posed by ABAC, articulating why we did not feel that any of the elements
and stigma that come with drink driving. Launched in Great Britain in           of the packaging had strong and/or evident appeal to minors. It is important
May 2021, the experience will be rolled out to more countries in the            to note that the Baileys Original Irish Cream Liqueur Milk Glass Gift Pack
next 12 months.                                                                 was approved through ABAC’s pre-vetting system prior to going into
                                                                                production. Once the determination was upheld, we stopped selling the
We also collaborate with UNITAR on our flagship high visibility                 remaining stock to customers, destroyed the gift pack elements and sold
enforcement training programme to support government authorities                the Baileys as standalone bottles.
and police officers in their work to reduce road traffic accidents as a
                                                                                                                              Industry     Complaints
result of drink driving.                                                                                                      complaints   about Diageo
                                                                                Country      Body                             upheld       brands upheld   Brand
Adapting and innovating in how we work
Promoting positive drinking during the Covid-19 pandemic has had                Australia    ABAC scheme                      71           1               Baileys
its challenges – particularly for programmes such as SMASHED, which             Ireland      Advertising Standards            0            0
previously relied on live, in-person events. But by finding new ways to                      Authority for Ireland (ASAI)
reach audiences and pivoting quickly to online solutions in many markets,
we are opening up new opportunities for positive impact in the future.          United       Advertising Standards            2            0
                                                                                Kingdom      Authority
Expanding our digital approach has given us more data insights, which we
                                                                                             Portman Group                    4            0
can use to increase engagement and measure impact. It will help us drive
our industry-leading programmes to make an even greater difference in           United       Distilled Spirits Council of     3            0
changing attitudes to avoid the harmful use of alcohol around the world.        States       the United States (DISCUS)

Advocating improved laws and industry standards
As a minimum, we aim to comply with all laws and regulations wherever               DRINKiQ: championing consumer health literacy
we operate. We advocate effective new regulation based on evidence,                 Information is a critical component of empowering consumers
including blood-alcohol volume driving limits, responsible digital                  to make responsible choices – and DRINKiQ is one of our most
marketing and legal purchase age laws, equalised for all alcohol                    important tools in promoting moderation and addressing harmful
categories, in countries where these do not exist.                                  drinking. DRINKiQ is a dedicated responsible drinking online platform
                                                                                    that provides facts about alcohol, the effects of drinking on the body
We have also joined in collective action with our industry. We support              and the mind, and the impact of harmful drinking on individuals and
IARD’s commitments on digital marketing and commercial practices                    society. DRINKiQ is currently available in 29 countries and we have
and its package of measures to combat underage drinking. We have                    plans to extend it to more than 35 countries by December 2021.
committed to including an age-restriction symbol or equivalent words
on all of our alcohol brand products in all markets by 2024.                        This year we transformed DRINKiQ with new content, design and
                                                                                    interactive tools to redefine and improve the way we talk to people
We are also part of the new global alliance formed between IARD and                 about drinking. DRINKiQ is designed to complement resources offered
prominent online retailers and e-commerce and delivery platforms to                 by governments, charities or independent bodies, not replace them.
develop industry standards for this fast-growing channel to promote
moderation and address the risk of alcohol being sold to people who                 The new DRINKiQ aims to inspire consumers to take action –
are underage or intoxicated.                                                        inviting them to drink better, not more and to shape a long-term
                                                                                    positive change in their attitudes to alcohol. We use tools to frame
Responsible marketing                                                               people’s relationship with alcohol and empower them to achieve
Our Diageo Marketing Code (DMC) and Digital Code set mandatory                      a balanced lifestyle. One key new element is the drinking self-
minimum standards for responsible marketing and we review the                       assessment tool, which aligns with the WHO’s AUDIT tool. ‘AUDIT’
Codes every two years.                                                              stands for Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test, which can help
                                                                                    determine whether someone is at risk of problem drinking.
At the heart of the DMC is our commitment to ensuring all our activities
depict and encourage only responsible and moderate drinking, and never
target those who are younger than the legal purchase age.                       1. From 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021


                                                                                                                            Diageo Annual Report 2021                31
Our strategic priorities continued



      5             Champion inclusion and diversity
We champion inclusion and diversity across                                                         Living our values
                                                                                                   We aim to create an environment where every individual feels a
our business: from the way we attract,                                                             sense of belonging and can thrive and contribute to their fullest.
develop, retain and recruit the very best                                                          That means embracing diversity in the broadest possible sense,
                                                                                                   including gender, ethnicity, ability, age, sexual orientation, social
diverse talent, to the way we source services                                                      class, education, experience and ways of thinking.
and progressively portray diversity through                                                        We have a global focus on goals in two key areas: developing a
our brands. We are determined to remove                                                            strong pipeline of female talent for all roles and increasing the
                                                                                                   representation of leaders from ethnically diverse backgrounds.
barriers, while having a positive impact on
                                                                                                   As with a number of our other ESG goals, we have backed up our
our partners, suppliers and communities.                                                           ambition by directly linking our Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP)
                                                                                                   awards to delivering diversity in our leadership. Our LTIP is described
DELIVERING OUR STRATEGIC OUTCOMES                                                                  in our Remuneration report on page 127.
Championing inclusion and diversity contributes to                                                 Change at the top: progress on women in leadership
the delivery of our strategic outcomes of Consistent                                               We are committed to supporting gender equality through
value creation, Credibility and trust, Engaged people.                                             representation, policy development and transparency. We are proud
CVC    CT    EP                                                                                    to have increased female Board representation by 10 percentage
                                                                                                   points to 60% this year. Through our continued focus and efforts
                                                                                                   we are strengthening female representation in our leadership group,
We want to have world-leading employment policies and                                              increasing it from 39% to 42%∆ over the last 12 months as we move
practices that foster inclusion. At the same time, we aim to use                                   towards our goal of 50% female representation by 2030.
our influence, creative skills and media spend to help shape a
more tolerant society.                                                                                Leading the FTSE100 on female
                                                                                                      leadership representation
An inclusive and diverse culture has always been central to our                                       Diageo was named the top FTSE100 company for female
purpose of ‘Celebrating life, every day, everywhere’. As well as                                      leadership representation of women at Board, Executive and
being the right thing to do, having the best and most diverse                                         leadership level in the 2020 Hampton-Alexander Review.
talent drives innovation and commercial performance.
                                                                                                   Focus on ethnic diversity
                                                                                                   We employ 27,650 people in over 70 countries, which means we
                                                                                                   already have a diverse workforce representing the markets in which
                                                                                                   we operate. However, we want to ensure we have ethnic diversity
                                                                                                   at every level of our business, with a focus on our leadership. Today
                                                                                                   30% of our Board and 37%∆ of our leadership population, including
Progress in 2021                                                                                   our Executive Committee, is ethnically diverse.
– Increase in female representation in our leadership group to 42%Δ                                In 2020 we set up a global taskforce which developed a progressive
  (from 39% last year)                                                                             Ethnic Diversity Framework to support markets in defining multi-year
– Developed a progressive Ethnic Diversity Framework, while setting an                             plans covering talent representation and development, supplier
  ambition to increase ethnically diverse representation in our leadership                         ethnic diversity and inclusive marketing.
– Trained nearly 2,000 marketeers and agencies around the world in our
  four-part Progressive Portrayal programme                                                        Since launching confidential ethnicity data collection in 2019 we now
                                                                                                   have a greater understanding of diversity in 61 countries. Where local
Looking ahead to 2030                                                                              law allows, we have invited all our employees to share their ethnicity
– Champion gender diversity with an ambition to achieve 50%                                        voluntarily. In these markets more than 80% of our global workforce
  representation of women in leadership roles by 20301                                             and 92% of our leadership population has confidentially disclosed
– Champion ethnic diversity with an ambition to increase representation                            their ethnic background, which has helped us set our goal on
  of leaders from ethnically diverse backgrounds to 45% by 20301                                   leadership representation.
– Improve employability and livelihoods for 200,000 people through
  Learning for Life and other skills initiatives                                                   Creating an inclusive culture through progressive
– Deliver 1.5 million training sessions through Diageo Bar Academy                                 policies and employee resource groups
  providing skills and resources to help build a thriving hospitality                              Our network of employee resource groups (ERGs) gives employees
  sector that works for all                                                                        the opportunity to support each other, while helping leaders better
– Use our creative and media spend to support progressive voices,                                  understand the barriers and concerns of diverse communities.
  measuring and increasing the percentage spend year on year
– Accelerate inclusion and diversity in our value chain, measuring                                    Shaping a more equitable society
  and increasing the percentage of Diageo suppliers from female-                                      In February 2021 we established an innovative programme
  and minority-owned businesses year on year1                                                         with Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) in
– Ensure 50% of beneficiaries from our community programmes are                                       North America to develop future leaders. A $10 million pledge
  women and our community programmes are designed to enhance                                          will fund permanent endowments at more than 20 HBCUs
  ethnic diversity and inclusion of underrepresented groups                                           across the United States and create internship platforms to
                                                                                                      help drive diversity within the industry.
1. Statements on representation are an ambition for Diageo and should not be considered a target


32          Diageo Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                    Performance against all our ‘Society 2030:
                                                                                                    Spirit of Progress’ goals is described on pages 38-41




                                                                                                                                                                                     STRATEGIC REPORT
Our active ERGs include: AHEAD (African Heritage Employees at Diageo),         We have trained almost 2,000 marketeers and agencies around the
Conectados (Diageo employees championing Latin culture) and PAN                world in our four-part Progressive Portrayal programme, which breaks
(Pan Asian Network) in the United States; We Are All Able and REACH            stereotypes in advertising in the areas of gender, race, sexuality and age
(Race, Ethnicity and Cultural Heritage) in the United Kingdom, and our         and covers representation, perspective, characterisation and agency. We
international Spirited Women and Rainbow Networks. Initiatives led by          continue to break boundaries in our creative work, while collaborating
these networks and others include:                                             with inclusive talent that reflects our broad consumer base. For example,
                                                                               initiatives such as the Guinness ‘Never Settle’ campaign in May 2021,
– 10,000 care packages for Americans serving overseas assembled by             aimed to redress the imbalance of coverage of women’s rugby during the
  members of the Veterans and Friends of Veterans Resource Group and           Guinness Six Nations.
  employees from their homes
– Six-month internship programme established across Scotland                   By ensuring our supply chain reflects our values of inclusion and diversity,
  focussing on people with disabilities in partnership with the We Are         we believe we can have a much bigger impact on equality beyond
  All Able ERG                                                                 our business, working closely with our suppliers to advance sustainable
– Fourth annual inclusion ‘INC’ week with over 30 sessions led by              economic impact in diverse communities where we source. We continue
  ERGs globally and 9,000 people tuning in live                                to develop our Diverse Representation programme globally, championing
– 50 Diageo sites took part in our annual Pride flag-raising event which       equal employee representation with our suppliers, and helping to inspire
  saw the new Progress flag flown, representing marginalised LGBTQIA+          greater diversity throughout their organisations.
  transgender and ethnically diverse communities.
                                                                                      Working with diverse suppliers
We also support inclusion through progressive policies. Globally, all
                                                                                      In North America, our largest market, we have continued to
new mothers are entitled to 26 weeks’ fully-paid maternity leave, with
                                                                                      increase diversity in our supply chain, increasing the proportion
all new fathers being entitled to a minimum of four weeks’ paid paternity
                                                                                      of diverse suppliers by over 15% in the last 12 months.
leave. In the majority of our markets, we have fully equalised maternity and
paternity leave to 26 weeks, regardless of how they become parents. This
year, our people took more than 180,000 days of parental leave – and the       Supporting thriving communities where we live, work,
average number of days taken by men was 99.                                    source and sell
                                                                               We aim to promote sustainable growth through inclusive programmes
Using our reach and influence to drive change beyond our business              that provide equal access for all to resources, skills and employment
To be true champions of inclusion and diversity, we need to use the scale      opportunities. Our longstanding community programmes include a
and expertise of our business to make a difference in the communities          focus on promoting gender equality and empowering people from
around us and in society at large. As advertisers of some of the world’s       under-represented groups, alongside skills and entrepreneurship,
most iconic brands, we know we can make a difference through our               and health and wellbeing. Our partnership with CARE International,
advertising – both in terms of its content, and through how it is made.        for example, includes tackling barriers for women in smallholder farming,
                                                                               improving safety and inclusivity in the hospitality industry, and hospitality
                                                                               skills training and initiatives to support female entrepreneurs.
   Supporting transgender and non-binary employees
   In partnership with our Rainbow Network we launched gender
                                                                               Our Learning for Life (L4L) programme focusses on training in hospitality,
   identity and gender expression guidelines across several markets
                                                                               retail and entrepreneurship, while we also support communities by
   in support of our transgender and non-binary employees. The
                                                                               providing access to clean water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) in
   guidelines included the introduction of voluntary and confidential
                                                                               water-stressed areas (see page 34).
   self-disclosure of gender identity, sexual orientation and pronouns
   on our internal Workday system in order to progress our LGBTQIA+
                                                                               This year we invested a total of £20.95 million in community initiatives,
   inclusion agenda.
                                                                               equivalent to 1% of operating profit (2020 – 1%). See our ESG Reporting
                                                                               Index for more details of our community investments.
   Thriving through menopause
   In March 2021 we introduced our ‘Thriving Through Menopause’
                                                                               Gender representation of our leadership1
   guidelines, to raise awareness and understanding of menopause
   throughout our business, inspired by inputs from our Spirited
                                                                               Role                                             Men           %       Women          %       Total
   Women network. The guidelines support increased flexibility
                                                                               Leadership population2                           319       58%          234     42%∆          5533
   (including changing working patterns, or access to sick pay
   entitlements to manage symptoms where appropriate) and
   access to counselling or mindfulness sessions through our                   Ethnic representation of our leadership1,4
   Employee Assistance Programme.
                                                                                                                       Non-
                                                                                               Ethnically          ethnically          Decline to              Not
   Confronting racial bias                                                     Role              diverse      %      diverse      %   self-identify    % disclosed       %   Total
   In 2021 we launched ‘Confronting Racial Bias’ training for all              Leadership
   our employees – a 30-minute interactive learning experience.                population2         207      37%∆       289 52%                 12 2%           46 9%         554
   97% of our employees have completed the training, which is also
   part of our onboarding process. We have developed an e-learning             1. This data is correct as of 30 June 2021
   programme for managers, the ‘Confronting Racial Bias Hiring                 2. Leadership population encompasses Executive Committee and senior managers
                                                                               3. One person has opted not to disclose their gender; they cannot be positively attributed
   Manager’, and adapted the programme for use with our agency,                   to either group and therefore are not included
   distributor and supplier partners.                                          4. Please refer to our reporting boundaries and methodologies for more information on how
                                                                                  data has been compiled, including standards and assumptions used. In particular, attention
                                                                                  is drawn to page 90 of our ESG Reporting Index, which describes the exercise that was
                                                                                  undertaken in the Latin America and Caribbean region to address the fact that the Hispanic/
                                                                                  Latin American ethnicity category is not available, at a local market level for selection
                                                                                  in Workday.
                                                                               ∆ Within PwC’s limited assurance; see page 201 for further details
                                                                                                                                Diageo Annual Report 2021                      33
Our strategic priorities continued



      6             Pioneer grain-to-glass sustainability
We have always understood that for our                                                        We work with our whole value chain – our employees, our
                                                                                              suppliers, our communities, our customers and consumers – to
business to be sustainable, it needs to create                                                look after the people and resources that contribute to our success,
enduring value – for us and for those around                                                  from grain to glass.

us. Our ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’
                                                                                                  Celebrating external recognition
ambitions take us further than ever in our                                                        In November 2020, Diageo was recognised for the third
drive to preserve water for life, accelerate                                                      year in a row in the Dow Jones World Sustainability Index. In
                                                                                                  December 2020, we appeared on the CDP’s annual A list for
to a low carbon world and become                                                                  both water security and climate change. We were recognised
sustainable by design.                                                                            as a CDP supplier engagement leader in February 2021.


DELIVERING OUR STRATEGIC OUTCOMES
                                                                                             “ We have a track record of setting ambitious targets
Pioneering grain-to-glass sustainability contributes                                           and our ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ plan is no
to the delivery of our strategic outcomes of Consistent                                        different. The power of the ambition has a mobilising
value creation, Credibility and trust, Engaged people.                                         effect on our people and is a catalyst for innovation.”
CVC    CT    EP
                                                                                              Ewan Andrew
                                                                                              President, Global Supply Chain and Procurement
‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ is our 10-year action plan                                 and Chief Sustainability Officer
for contributing to the achievement of the UN Sustainable
Development Goals (SDGs). It sets out how we will build on
our track record, pioneer new approaches, and work with                                       Our ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ ambitions
others to make a difference in the critical period to 2030,                                   Our plan mobilises us to be global champions for water stewardship,
while giving our business a platform for sustained and                                        and vocal advocates for a low carbon world. It also means going
                                                                                              further in exploring circular economy approaches, so we can be
responsible quality growth.
                                                                                              ‘sustainable by design’. To achieve our ambitious goals, we expect
                                                                                              to invest around £1 billion of capital expenditure over the next
Our long-term success depends on the people and planet                                        decade in environmental sustainability. This will help us to be
around us. Poverty, inequality, climate change, water stress,                                 more efficient, reduce our resource consumption, invest in
biodiversity loss and other challenges threaten the environment                               innovative solutions and build a more secure and resilient supply
and the prosperity of communities. We must make sure that                                     chain. It will also drive the trust, respect and commercial success
our stakeholders and society at large all thrive as a result                                  that define our Performance Ambition.
of our business. Our commercial performance and effective
                                                                                              Preserving water for life
stewardship of the environment go hand in hand, because
                                                                                              Water is our most important ingredient. But it is also a precious
sustainability is critical to the efficiency and effectiveness of                             shared resource, which is coming under increasing pressure
our operations and our ability to maintain trust and respect.                                 in many parts of the world. Preserving this critical resource,
                                                                                              particularly in water-stressed areas, has been a strategic priority
                                                                                              for many years. Our holistic strategy aims to address risks and
                                                                                              drive towards a net positive water impact in our priority water
                                                                                              basins. It recognises the need for collective action and the many
                                                                                              inter-dependencies between water and communities, our supply
                                                                                              chain, climate change and the environment.

                                                                                              Our grain-to-glass approach supports farmers, improves water-use
                                                                                              efficiency in our own agricultural and production operations, replenishes
                                                                                              water in water-stressed catchments and provides clean water to our
                                                                                              communities. It also makes us strong advocates for more collective
Progress in 2021                                                                              action for better water stewardship and increased water security.
– Reduced carbon emissions from our operations by 5.1%Δ
– Agreed a renewed five-year partnership with WaterAid to help                                A key element of our integrated strategy is supporting communities
  transform lives through clean water, decent toilets and good hygiene                        by providing access to clean water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH)
– Successfully piloted the lowest carbon footprint glass bottles ever                         in communities near our sites and in the water-stressed areas that
  produced for a Scotch whisky brand                                                          supply our raw materials. Our strategy contributes to SDG 6 (clean
                                                                                              water and sanitation), while also helping to replenish the water we
Looking ahead to 2030                                                                         use in our operations. We have supported WASH programmes for
We have set a range of ambitious targets to help drive our performance                        more than 20 years and, given the increased importance of WASH
in preserving water for life, accelerating to a low carbon world,                             for individual and community wellbeing during the Covid-19
and becoming sustainable by design.                                                           pandemic, we launched 15 additional WASH projects in Africa
      Achievement against all our ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ goals is described on
                                                                                              during this year.
      pages 38-41. We describe our work on embedding human rights throughout our
      value chain on page 42 and our engagement with stakeholders on pages 20-21.             Δ   Within PwC’s limited assurance, see page 201 for further details


34          Diageo Annual Report 2021
                                                                                             Performance against all our ‘Society 2030:
                                                                                             Spirit of Progress’ goals is described on pages 38-41




                                                                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT
We continue to recognise the importance of returning water to the           Becoming sustainable by design
environment at an equal or better quality than the water we abstract, and   We have made important strides in reducing our environmental impact
seek to improve our performance in this area. We describe our approach      over decades of focus on waste, recycling and packaging. We aim to
and performance in our ESG Reporting Index.                                 keep going until we have reduced our impact everywhere: cutting down
                                                                            packaging, increasing recycled content and eliminating waste.
   Committed to water stewardship
                                                                            Partnerships will be critical. Initiatives such as our new Diageo Sustainable
   Advocacy and collaboration are essential to our ambitions
                                                                            Solutions programme, which enables us to partner with innovators to
   for water stewardship. This year we worked with the CEO Water
                                                                            share ideas for growing brands sustainably, help us work together with
   Mandate, the Water Resilience Coalition, the Alliance for Water
                                                                            customers, suppliers, NGOs, research institutions and governments to help
   Stewardship, Wash4Work, CDP, WaterAid, and many local partners.
                                                                            create a truly circular economy.
   In December 2020, we agreed a renewed £4 million, five-year
   partnership with WaterAid to help transform lives with clean                Innovation drives progress
   water, decent toilets and good hygiene in communities.                      In April 2021 we successfully piloted the lowest carbon footprint
                                                                               glass bottles ever produced for a Scotch whisky brand. Working
                                                                               with glass manufacturer Encirc and research and technology
   Supporting salmon; restoring Speyside                                       experts Glass Futures, we produced 173,000 bottles for our
   In collaboration with the Spey Fishery Board, in February we                Black & White brand with 100% recycled glass and using
   replaced a damaged weir and installed a fish pass in the river              waste-based biofuel-powered furnaces. This reduced the
   Dullan in Scotland – a part of the River Spey catchment that is             carbon footprint of the bottle by up to 90%.
   crucial to the Scotch whisky industry.
                                                                            Working with suppliers and farmers
Accelerating to a low carbon world                                          Our supply chain connects us to communities all over the world, where
Combatting climate change and its associated impacts – including those      we can have a positive social and environmental impact by creating
on water – is at the heart of our strategy. We have an ambition to reach    economic opportunity, promoting human rights and improving
net zero carbon across our operations by 2030, harnessing 100% renewable    agricultural and environmental practices.
energy everywhere we operate. We have a clear path to follow. We have
already halved the carbon emissions associated with our operations since    This year we engaged our top 200 suppliers in various elements of our
2008, and look beyond our own business, in our work to decarbonise our      2030 ambition: from providing DRINKiQ training, to collaborating on
value chain and campaign for a low carbon world.                            inclusion and diversity initiatives, to partnering on manufacturing pilots
                                                                            that delivered low carbon glass bottles.
For our own operations, we are developing site-by-site roadmaps
to carbon neutrality. We are also working to achieve net zero carbon        We continue to work through our Partnering with Suppliers standard,
across our full supply chain (Scope 3), by 2050 or sooner with an           which sets our minimum social, ethical and environmental expectations.
interim milestone to achieve a 50% reduction by 2030. In line with our      We have updated it this year to reflect our ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’
new targets, we are analysing the data and reporting methodology for        ambition. We also work through AIM-PROGRESS, a forum of leading
our value chain emissions – which fall under our Scope 3 disclosures –      consumer goods companies, and the not-for-profit organisation SEDEX.
including those from new acquisitions. This has expanded the number         Our approach is described in more detail on our website.
of categories we report and resulted in a significant increase in our
reported Scope 3 emissions compared to our previous baseline (see           Our Sustainable Agriculture Guidelines (SAG) set out the standards we
page 40). We will partner with our suppliers in areas including renewable   expect of suppliers of agricultural raw materials. We use the Sustainable
energy solutions, circular-designed products, increasing recycled content   Agriculture Initiative Platform’s Farm Sustainability Assessment (FSA) tool,
of packaging and regenerative agriculture solutions in pursuit of our       with FSA’s bronze rating (or benchmarked equivalent standard) being
Scope 3 target.                                                             our minimum requirement. We work directly with farmers on sustainable
                                                                            agriculture projects, and we aim to source locally where practicable.
    Our approach to carbon emissions reduction is described further in      We also assist smallholder farmers, including providing access to training,
    Responding to climate-related risks on pages 50-55                      seeds, fertilisers and technology.


   Pursuing science-based targets                                              Blending traditional and modern practices
   We were an early adopter of absolute rather than relative reductions        In our agricultural operations in Mexico we are putting our sustainable
   in our carbon emissions, setting both our 2020 and 2030 targets in          agriculture ambitions into action as we aim to significantly expand
   line with the principles of the Science Based Targets initiative.           the number of our agave plants for our tequila brands. We use a
                                                                               blend of traditional and modern practices to care for our plants –
                                                                               including innovative drone technology, which currently is used to
                                                                               count the number of plants we have. In the future we plan to use this
                                                                               technology to analyse plant health and apply fertiliser with precision
                                                                               so that we can minimise our impact on the surrounding soil.




                                                                                                                  Diageo Annual Report 2021              35
Key performance indicators



Monitoring performance and progress
Financial indicators
Organic net sales growth (%)                                EG     R   Organic operating profit growth (%)                       EG    R     Earnings per share before                                    EG   R
                                                                                                                                             exceptional items (pence)

Ó16.0%                                                                 Ó17.7%                                                                117.5p
2021                                                16.0               2021                                                  17.7            2021                                         117.5

2020        (8.4)                                                      2020    (14.4)                                                        2020                                      109.4

2019                                6.1                                2019                                       9.0                        2019                                                130.8

2018                           5.0                                     2018                                     7.6                          2018                                          118.6

2017                          4.3                                      2017                               5.6                                2017                                      108.5

Definition
Sales growth after deducting excise duties, excluding                  Organic operating profit is calculated on a constant currency         Profit before exceptional items attributable to equity
the impact of exchange rate movements, acquisitions                    basis excluding the impact of exceptional items, certain fair         shareholders of the parent company, divided by the
and disposals.                                                         value remeasurement, and acquisitions and disposals.                  weighted average number of shares in issue.




Why we measure
This measure reflects our performance as the result of the             The movement in operating profit measures the efficiency              Earnings per share reflects the profitability of the business
choices made in terms of category and market participation,            and effectiveness of the business. Consistent operating               and how effectively we finance our balance sheet. It is a
and Diageo’s ability to build brand equity, increase prices            profit growth is a business imperative, driven by investment          key measure for our shareholders.
and grow market share.                                                 choices, our focus on driving out costs across the business
                                                                       and improving mix.
Performance
Organic net sales growth of 16.0%, following a decline in              Organic operating profit grew 17.7% ahead of net sales,               Eps before exceptional items increased 8.1 pence, primarily
fiscal 20, reflects organic volume growth of 11.2% and                 driven by growth in all regions except Europe and Turkey.             driven by an increase in organic operating profit, partially
positive price mix of 4.8%. All regions grew organic net sales.                                                                              offset by unfavourable exchange and increased tax.

More detail on page 57                                                 More detail on page 57                                                More detail on page 58


Non-financial indicators
Positive drinking                                      CT   EP     R   Inclusion and diversity3                         CVC CT   EP    R     Carbon emissions4                                  CVC CT    EP   R
                                                                                                                                             (1,000 tonnes CO2e)
By 2030 educate 10 million young                  210,443Δ             Percentage of female
people, parents and teachers on
the dangers of underage drinking
                                                  Total to date:
                                                  1.2m2
                                                                       leaders globally                42%Δ                                  481Δ
By 2030 promote changes in                        9,859                                                                                      2021                                         481
attitudes to drink driving,
reaching five million people
                                                                       Percentage of ethnically
                                                                       diverse leaders globally        37%              Δ                    2020
                                                                                                                                             2019
                                                                                                                                                                                            507
                                                                                                                                                                                                  552
By 2030 reach one billion people                  367m                                                                                       2018                                                   588
with dedicated responsible
drinking messages                                                                                                                            2017                                                   593

Definition
We report against three indicators for positive drinking as            The percentage of women who are in Diageo leadership                  Absolute volume of Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions,
defined above.                                                         roles and the percentage of ethnically diverse individuals            in 1,000 tonnes.
                                                                       who are in Diageo leadership roles.
Why we measure
We want to change the way the world drinks for the better              An inclusive and diverse culture is central to our purpose            Carbon emissions are a key element of Diageo’s, and our
by promoting moderation and addressing the harmful use                 of ‘Celebrating life, every day, everywhere’. As well as being        industry’s, environmental impact. Reducing our carbon
of alcohol. Our goal is for people to ‘drink better, not more’         the right thing to do, having the best and most diverse talent        emissions is a significant part of our efforts to mitigate
– because we are proud of our brands and we know that                  drives innovation and commercial performance.                         climate change, positioning us well for a future low carbon
the best way for them to be enjoyed is responsibly.                                                                                          economy, while creating energy efficiencies and savings now.
Performance
We launched a new approach to positive drinking in 2018                This year 42%Δ of our leadership roles were held by women,            Carbon emissions reduced by 5.1%Δ in 2021. Ongoing
and we refreshed our targets in November 2020 as part of               compared with 39% last year. This year we measured the                displacement of fossil fuels and energy efficiency gains
the launch of our ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ strategy.         percentage of ethnically diverse individuals in Diageo                are the principal drivers of the reductions.
                                                                       leadership roles for the first time.




More detail on page 38                                                 More detail on page 38                                                More detail on page 45

                                                                       R   Remuneration: Some KPIs are used as a measure in the incentives plans for the remuneration
Our strategic outcomes:
                                                                           of executives. See our Directors’ remuneration report from page 104 for more detail.
EG    Efficient growth
CVC   Consistent value creation                                        1. For reward purposes this measure is further adjusted for the impact of exchange rates and other factors not controlled by
                                                                          management, to ensure focus on our underlying performance drivers
CT    Credibility and trust
                                                                       2. The baseline year for our ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ goals is 2020 unless otherwise stated. For our target to educate 10
EP    Engaged people                                                      million young people, parents and teachers on the dangers of underage drinking the baseline year is 2018.
                                                                       3. In this section this year we have included two new non-financial key performance indicators on inclusion and diversity. These
                                                                          two measures demonstrate progress against our strategic priority to champion inclusion and diversity, which is also a core


36          Diageo Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     STRATEGIC REPORT
Free cash flow (£ million)1                                EG    R    Return on average invested                                      CVC   Total shareholder return (%)                                  CVC   R
                                                                      capital (ROIC) (%)

3,037m                                                                13.5%                                                                 32%
2021                                              3,037               2021                                   13.5                            2021                                                         32
2020                     1,634                                        2020                               12.4                                2020    (19)
2019                                     2,608                        2019                                          15.1                     2019                                                  27
2018                                    2,523                         2018                                      14.3                         2018                                             23
2017                                      2,663                       2017                                   13.8                            2017                                 12


Free cash flow comprises the net cash flow from operating             Profit before finance charges and exceptional items                   Percentage growth in the value of a Diageo share (assuming
activities aggregated with the net cash received/paid                 attributable to equity shareholders divided by average                all dividends and capital distributions are re-invested).
for loans receivable and other investments, and the net               invested capital. Invested capital comprises net assets
cash cost paid for property, plant and equipment, and                 aggregated with exceptional restructuring costs and goodwill
computer software.                                                    at the date of transition to IFRS, excluding post employment
                                                                      liabilities, net borrowings and non-controlling interests

Free cash flow is a key indicator of the financial                    ROIC is used by management to assess the return obtained              Diageo’s Directors have a fiduciary responsibility to maximise
management of the business and reflects the cash                      from the group’s asset base. Improving ROIC builds financial          long-term value for shareholders. We also monitor our
generated by the business to fund payments to our                     strength to enable Diageo to attain its financial objectives.         relative TSR performance against our peers.
shareholders and acquisitions.


Free cash flow increased by £1,403 million to £3,037 million,         ROIC increased 113bps against the prior comparable period             TSR was up 32% over the past 12 months driven by the
primarily driven by an increase in operating profit, working          driven mainly by organic operating profit growth, partially           higher year on year share price.
capital management and higher dividends from joint                    offset by increased tax and unfavourable exchange.
ventures and associates.
More detail on page 57                                                More detail on page 57                                                More detail on page 57




Water efficiency5 (l/l)                          CVC CT    EP    R    Employee engagement (%)                                    CT   EP     Health and safety (lost-time accidents CT EP
                                                                                                                                             per 1,000 full-time employees)

4.30l/lΔ                                                              81%                                                                    1.03Δ
2021                                         4.30                     2021                                                  81               2021                                          1.03Δ
2020                                              4.66                2020 N/A6                                                              2020                        0.60
2019                                              4.71                2019                                           75                      2019                                         0.98
2018                                                4.86              2018                                             76                    2018                                          1.00
2017                                                4.90              2017                                           75                      2017                                                  1.14



Ratio of the amount of water required to produce one litre of         Measured through our Your Voice survey; includes metrics               Number of accidents per 1,000 full-time employees and
packaged product.                                                     for employee satisfaction, advocacy and pride.7                        directly supervised contractors resulting in time lost from
                                                                                                                                             work of one calendar day or more.

Water is the main ingredient in all of our brands. We aim to          Employee engagement is a key enabler of our strategy and               Health and safety is a basic human right: everyone has the
improve efficiency, and minimise our water use, particularly          performance. The survey allows us to measure, quantitatively           right to work in a safe and healthy environment, and our
in water-stressed areas. This will ensure we can sustain              and qualitatively, how far employees believe we are living             Zero Harm philosophy is that everyone should go home safe
production growth, address climate change risk and respond            our values.                                                            and healthy, every day, everywhere.
to the growing global demand for water, as scarcity increases.

Water efficiency improved by 7.7%Δ compared to 2020.                  This year 85% of our people completed our Your Voice                   After sustaining less than one lost-time accident (LTA) per
This resulted from a fully commissioned water recovery and            survey. 81% were identified as engaged. 89% declared                   1,000 employees in 2019 and 2020, this year the LTA
reuse plant at Uganda Brewery and overall improved water              themselves proud to work for Diageo, 81% would                         frequency rate increased from 0.60 to 1.03Δ, largely due to an
use rates in Nigeria and at a number of other locations.              recommend Diageo as a great place to work and 74%                      increase in incidents at our sites in Europe. This year’s rate of
                                                                      were extremely satisfied with Diageo as a place to work.               1.03Δ is broadly in line with our performance prior to 2020. The
                                                                                                                                             severity rate of these LTAs, which measures the seriousness of
                                                                                                                                             the incident and time off work, reduced by 11.9% globally.
More detail on page 39                                                More detail on page 22                                                 More detail on page 42

   pillar of our ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ strategy. We have reported on the percentage          6. Because of the Covid-19 pandemic, in 2020 we did not run a full Your Voice survey.
   of female leaders globally since 2016, the percentage of ethnically diverse leaders globally is           Instead we used a pulse survey tool to listen to employees’ feedback and learn from
   being reported on for the first time this year.                                                           their experiences of working during the pandemic. We therefore do not have a comparable
4. In accordance with Diageo’s environmental reporting methodologies and WRI/WBCSD                           employee engagement metric for 2020.
   GHG Protocol, data for the baseline year 2020 and for the three years in the period ended              7. This year we updated the way we measure employee engagement in our Your Voice
   30 June 2019 has been restated where relevant                                                             survey to bring it in line with standard practice. When the 2019 employee engagement
5. In accordance with Diageo’s environmental reporting methodologies, data for the                           index score from the Your Voice survey is recalculated based on the three questions we
   baseline year 2020 and each of the three years in the period ended 30 June 2019 has                       used in 2021 (satisfaction, advocacy and pride), as opposed to the four we used in 2019
   been restated where relevant                                                                              (satisfaction, advocacy, pride and loyalty) the difference is a one percentage point increase.
                                                                                                          Δ Within PwC’s limited assurance scope. See page 201 for further details.

                                                                                                                                                            Diageo Annual Report 2021                           37
Sustainability performance



Performing against our 2030 targets1
Target by 2030                         KPI                    Commentary

                Promote positive drinking

Champion health literacy and           Number of markets      We launched an updated version of our DRINKiQ platform this year, with comprehensive information on alcohol
tackle harm through DRINKiQ            that have launched     and health and a new screening tool to identify whether users are drinking at higher risk levels. By the end of
in every market where we live,         DRINKiQ                June 2021, we had 33 sites live in 29 geographies. Some have sites in more than one language, including the
work, source and sell                                         United States, where DRINKiQ is available in English and Spanish.
SDG alignment: 3.4; 3.5; 17.16
                                       29
Scale up our SMASHED                   Number of people    SMASHED began as a live theatre-based education programme in 2005. We sponsored the development of
partnership, and educate               educated on the     SMASHED Online this year to include interactive activities that help educate young people about the dangers
10 million young people, parents,      dangers of underage of underage drinking. Where Covid-19 restrictions allowed, we ran SMASHED Live in a number of countries and
and teachers on the dangers of         drinking through a  this year we launched SMASHED Online in five countries, reaching 35,420 people so far. Survey data shows that
underage drinking                      Diageo supported    of the 210,443Δ educated this year, 195,544Δ or 93% confirmed changed attitudes on the dangers of underage
                                       education programme drinking following participation in a Diageo supported education programme. We have educated a total of
SDG alignment: 3.5; 12.8; 17.16
                                                           1.2 million people since 2018.
                                       210,443Δ
Extend our UNITAR partnership          Number of people       This year we educated 9,859 people about the dangers of drink driving. We developed an innovative new drink
and promote changes in attitudes       educated about         drive online module which aims to change attitudes about drink driving. We launched ‘The Wrong Side of the
to drink driving reaching five         the dangers of         Road’ initiative in Great Britain in May 2021. While Covid-19 delayed its roll out in many markets, we aim to scale
million people                         drink driving          the programme quickly over the next 12 months.
SDG alignment: 3.5; 3.6; 12.8; 17.16   9,859
Leverage Diageo marketing and          Number of people       We reached 367 million people this year, reflecting both significant progress towards our 2030 goal
innovation to make moderation          reached with           and enhanced data capture and measurement. We moved to a more systemic process of measurement
the norm – reaching one billion        responsible drinking   led by our media partners OMG, leading to increased data capture, which has driven a significant increase
people with dedicated responsible      messages from          in our reported performance.
drinking messaging                     our brands
                                                              Setting market-level targets helped drive progress. A leading contribution came from Latin America, with
SDG alignment: 3.5; 12.8; 17.16        367m                   Mexico delivering a cross-brand campaign from Smirnoff, Johnnie Walker, Don Julio and Black & White which
                                                              reached over 46 million consumers.

                Champion inclusion and diversity

Champion gender diversity with         Percentage of female Each of our markets has stretching multi-year inclusion and diversity plans which include a focus on developing
an ambition to achieve 50%             leaders globally     a strong pipeline of female talent. We have exceeded our previous female leadership representation goals
representation of women in                                  (35% by 2020 and 40% by 2025) and have set a further ambitious goal, aiming for 50% female leadership
leadership roles by 20302              42%Δ                 representation by 2030. This year, 42%Δ of our leadership roles were held by women.
SDG alignment: 5.5; 8.1; 10.2; 10.4

Champion ethnic diversity with an      Percentage of          We have identified ethnicity as a global inclusion and diversity priority, defining similarly ambitious goals for ethnic
ambition to increase representation    ethnically diverse     diversity as we have for gender. This year we created and launched a progressive Ethnic Diversity Framework to
of leaders from ethnically diverse     leaders globally       support our markets in creating plans that cover talent representation and development, supplier ethnic diversity
backgrounds to 45% by 20302                                   and inclusive marketing. We aim to increase representation of leaders from ethnically diverse backgrounds to 45%
SDG alignment: 10.2
                                       37%Δ                   by 2030. Currently voluntary ethnicity data collection is live in 61 countries where it is legally permissible. In these
                                                              countries over 80% of employees across all levels have disclosed their ethnicity information confidentially. 37%Δ
                                                              of leadership roles are currently held by people from ethnically diverse backgrounds.

We will use our creative               Measurement            This year we updated our Progressive Portrayal framework to be at the forefront of breaking stereotypes in
and media spend to support             and evaluation         advertising for gender, race, sexuality and age, and have used the framework to train nearly 2,000 internal and
progressive voices, measuring          framework under        external people so far. We continue to break boundaries and work with inclusive talent that reflects our broad
and increasing the percentage          development            consumer base – for instance with Guinness’s Never Settle campaign, which launched in May 2021 to redress
spend year on year                                            the imbalance of coverage of women’s rugby.
SDG alignment: 5.5; 5B; 10.2; 10.4                            We continue to work with our advertising agencies and partners to ensure our creative teams are as diverse as
                                                              the consumers who enjoy our products. We are in the third year of collecting insight about the makeup of our
                                                              agency workforce and have now gone beyond gender to also look at ethnicity and age. We continue to partner
                                                              with Creative Equals globally on the Creative Comeback programme and work with the Unstereotype Alliance.
                                                              We have committed to a multi-million sterling media investment over the next two years to media platforms
                                                              and publishers who are working to make mainstream media more diverse and inclusive. We are currently
                                                              developing a robust measurement and evaluation framework for this target and will be reporting quantitatively
                                                              against it in the future.


38       Diageo Annual Report 2021
Target by 2030                             KPI                           Commentary



                                                                                                                                                                                                     STRATEGIC REPORT
Accelerate inclusion and                   Percentage of suppliers       We aim to build a robust and sustainable supplier base that reflects the regions in which we operate.
diversity in our value chain,              with female and               We are measuring and increasing the percentage of diverse-owned and -operated suppliers, year on year.
measuring and increasing the               minority ownership            We provide equal opportunities to all suppliers to compete for our projects. We are developing our Supplier
percentage of Diageo suppliers                                           Diversity programme by leveraging the best practice from our work in North America over the past six years
from female and minority                   N/A                           (where we more than doubled our spend with diverse suppliers) and extending the programme and targets to all
owned businesses year on year2                                           markets. We aim to report on this next year. We are also looking at ways to work collaboratively with suppliers and
                                                                         agencies to drive greater diversity within their organisations. We are currently developing a robust measurement
SDG alignment: 5.5; 5B; 10.2; 10.4
                                                                         and evaluation framework for this ambition and will be reporting quantitatively against it in the future.

Provide business and hospitality           Number of people              This year we reached 8,631 people through our skills programmes. Covid-19 had a devastating effect on the
skills to 200,000 people,                  reached through               hospitality sector, but we were able to continue to deliver our L4L programme where it was most needed.
increasing employability and               L4L and other                 We pivoted our programmes to work online, in partnership with our network of charities and training
improving livelihoods through              skills programmes             providers, to allow us to continue to provide effective support. The success of the programme in helping to
Learning for Life (L4L) and our                                          build careers in hospitality was highlighted with Bianca Lima, a 2019 L4L graduate, becoming the champion
other skills programmes                    8,631                         of cocktail competition Diageo World Class™ in Brazil.
SDG alignment: 4.4; 8.1; 8.6;
10.2; 17.16

Through the Diageo Bar Academy             Number of training            We delivered 113,447 skills training sessions to hospitality industry workers (owners, managers, bartenders
we will deliver 1.5 million training       sessions delivered            and waiting staff) through Diageo Bar Academy (DBA) this year. DBA has various ways to deliver courses
sessions providing skills and              through Diageo                (physical training, virtual training, e-learnings and master classes). This year, virtual training became
resources to help build a thriving         Bar Academy                   increasingly important and enabled us to continue to reach and upskill people. We modified many of
hospitality sector that works for all                                    our courses to help address the unique challenges of continued industry lockdowns and re-openings,
SDG alignment: 4.4; 8.1; 8.6;
                                           113,447                       including training for businesses on adapting their infrastructure to keep employees and customers safe.
                                                                         DBA also supports the development of a more diverse and inclusive hospitality sector: we have increased
10.2; 17.16
                                                                         the participation of women in DBA training, and run women-only training sessions in Africa and India.

Ensure 50% of beneficiaries                Percentage of                 This year 51% of beneficiaries from community programmes were women. Currently we include female
from our community                         beneficiaries of              beneficiaries from registered skills programmes, where we can accurately track the gender of participants
programmes are women and                   our community                 through their registrations. In the future, we plan to use qualitative impact assessment protocols (QUIP)
our community programmes                   programmes who                where it is currently challenging to accurately measure female beneficiaries, such as for water sanitation
will be designed to enhance                are women                     and hygiene programmes. We are also researching the best way to support people from ethnically diverse
ethnic diversity and inclusion                                           backgrounds in the hospitality sector.
of underrepresented groups                 51%
SDG alignment: 5.5; 5A

                              Pioneer grain-to-glass sustainability: Preserve water for life

Reduce water use in our                    Percentage                    We delivered a 7.7%Δ improvement in water efficiency this year and cumulatively, water-use rates have
operations with a 40%                      improvement in                improved by over 53% since our water stewardship programme began in 2007. Water efficiency improved
improvement in water use                   litres of water               by 12.1% in water-stressed areas. In addition, the volume of water we recycled or reused in our own
efficiency in water-stressed               used per litre of             production was 843,115m3, representing 5% of total water withdrawals. The Africa region’s water stewardship
areas and 30% improvement                  packaged product              work has been particularly successful this year. Key water recycling and reuse facilities are now operational in
across the company                                                       Kenya and Uganda, and we have begun construction of water recycling facilities in both our Nigerian sites. This
SDG alignment: 6.4
                                           7.7%Δ                         year, 33,830m3 of water were used for agricultural purposes on land under our operational control. We report this
                                                                         separately from water used in our direct operations.

Replenish more water than we               Percentage of                 Our refreshed water replenishment programme had a strong year despite the challenges of implementation
use for our operations for all of          water replenished in          in areas under lockdown. We exceeded our target for the year, completing a total of 20 projects in nine
our sites in water-stressed areas          water-stressed areas          countries, which replenished 583,656m3 of water, representing 12.7% of our target for 2026.
by 2026
                                           12.7%                         Given the importance of handwashing during the Covid-19 pandemic, we prioritised WASH projects
SDG alignment: 6.1; 6.2; 6.6;                                            (see below), but we also completed tree planting, dam desilting, drip irrigation and aquifer recharge
6B; 15.1                                                                 projects in water-stressed catchments where we operate or source raw materials.

Invest in improving access                 Percentage of                 The Covid-19 pandemic made it an especially important year for implementing WASH projects in
to clean water, sanitation,                water-stressed                vulnerable communities. As part of our replenishment programme we completed 13 WASH projects
and hygiene (WASH) in                      markets with                  in seven countries: Tanzania, Nigeria, Ghana, Uganda, Ethiopia, Kenya and South Africa.
communities near our sites                 investment
                                                                         54,691 people benefitted from these WASH projects this year.
and local sourcing areas in all            in WASH
of our water-stressed markets
SDG alignment: 6.1; 6.2; 6.6;
                                           89%
6B; 15.1
1. All baselines for our ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ 2030 targets and ambitions are 2020, unless otherwise stated      Δ   Within PwC’s limited assurance; see page 201 for further details
2. Statements on representation are ambitions for Diageo and should not be considered a target

                                                                                                                                                  Diageo Annual Report 2021                     39
Sustainability performance continued




Target by 2030                       KPI                      Commentary

Engage in collective action in       Percentage of priority   We have built on our history of participation in collective action by creating a new, structured collective
all of our priority water basins     water basins with        action programme that is fundamental to our water and climate change risk strategies. Our assessment
to improve water accessibility,      collective action        identified 13 priority water basins in 11 countries on four continents, based on water risk and strategic
availability and quality and         participation            importance to our business. We have developed detailed guidance on collective action for our markets,
contribute to a net positive                                  consulting with key external stakeholders and we have made our guidelines open source to encourage
water impact                         15%                      adoption by more companies. We are participating in collective action in two priority water basins. In the
                                                              Santiago/Lerma basin in Mexico we joined a new initiative called ‘Charco Bendito’ comprising many food
SDG alignment: 6.1; 6.2; 6.5; 6.6;
                                                              and beverage companies. In the Spey basin in Scotland we continued our support for the multi-stakeholder
6A; 6B
                                                              Spey Catchment Initiative.

                           Pioneer grain-to-glass sustainability: Accelerate to a low carbon world

Become net zero carbon               Percentage reduction     Diageo’s total direct and indirect carbon emissions (location/gross)1 this year were 691,999Δ tonnes (2020 –
in our direct operations             in absolute GHG          702,204 tonnes), comprising direct emissions (Scope 1) of 549,469 tonnes (2020 – 568,720 tonnes), and
(Scopes 1 and 2)                     (ktCO2e)                 indirect (Scope 2) emissions of 142,530 tonnes (2020 – 133,484 tonnes). The intensity ratio for this year was
                                                              177Δ grams per litre packaged (2020 – 195 grams per litre packaged).1
SDG alignment: 7.2; 7.3; 12.6;       5.1%Δ
13.3                                                          This year we reduced GHG emissions by 5.1%Δ, building on our 2020 achievement of a 50% reduction
                                                              in absolute emissions. This emissions reduction was despite a year-on-year increase of 9.9% in packaged
                                                              volume and 16.3% in distilled volume. As markets opened back up after lockdown restrictions, there
                                                              have been some increased emissions associated with production growth, especially from sites in Africa,
                                                              Mexico and the United Kingdom. Reductions were driven by increased use of on-site renewable energy,
                                                              particularly in India and the use of renewable energy attribute certificates, including through green gas
                                                              certificates generated by converting distillery co-products. Some capital investments were delayed in this
                                                              financial year due to lockdown restrictions but the associated benefits are on track to be delivered in the
                                                              next financial year.
                                                              Our annual targets to achieve net zero by 2030 in Scope 1 and 2 emissions have been calculated in
                                                              accordance with the principles of Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and have been submitted to
                                                              the SBTi for validation. This year we have made progress in line with our expectations and are on track
                                                              to achieve this goal. Our Scope 3 target of net zero by 2050 is also aligned with the principles of the SBTi.

Reduce our value chain               Percentage reduction     Our new target of reducing Scope 3 emissions by 50% by 2030 and achieving a net zero value chain
(Scope 3) carbon emissions           in absolute GHG          by 2050 or sooner triggered a comprehensive review of our total value chain footprint and associated
by 50%2,3                            (ktCO2e)                 emissions. Consequently, we re-set our baseline, incorporating additional categories of Scope 3
                                                              upstream and downstream emissions. This year our value chain Scope 3 emissions increased by
SDG alignment: 7.2; 7.3; 7A;
12.6; 13.3; 17.16
                                     (2.1)%                   2.1%. This was mainly due to increased production and its associated increased use of raw materials,
                                                              packaging, third-party operations and neutral spirit sourcing, as well as a relatively depressed new baseline
                                                              year of 2020, which was affected by Covid-19. We remain committed to accelerating progress on reducing
                                                              total value chain emissions and working collaboratively with our suppliers and partners in future years.
                                                              We have added the Scope 3 target to our Partnering with Suppliers standard, which is reflected in our
                                                              procurement contracts.

Use 100% renewable energy            Percentage of            Our total renewable energy increased to 36% this year, an increase of 2.6% on the prior year. The main
across all our direct operations     renewable energy         drivers of this progress are programmes switching from fossil fuel to renewable sources, including wider use
                                     across our direct        of biomass and renewable electricity.
SDG alignment: 7.2; 7A; 17.16
                                     operations
                                                              As a signatory to the RE100 global initiative committed to 100% renewable electricity, we aim to source
                                     36.0%                    100% of our electricity from renewable sources by 2030. This year, 66.4% of electricity consumed was from
                                                              renewable sources such as wind, hydro and solar (2020: 66%), exceeding our 2025 interim target of 50%.
                                                              In the United Kingdom, 100% of our electricity came from renewable sources.

                           Pioneer grain-to-glass sustainability: Become sustainable by design

Achieve zero waste in our direct     Percentage reduction     We maintained zero waste to landfill2 at all our supply and office sites through continuous improvement,
operations and zero waste to         in total waste to        ongoing segregation of materials at our sites and close collaboration with partners. This year we started to
landfill in our supply chain         landfill (tonnes)        identify and baseline our waste to landfill footprint in supply chains. We have also added the target to our
                                                              Partnering with Suppliers standard, which is reflected in our procurement contracts.
SDG alignment: 12.5; 12.6            97.5%Δ




40       Diageo Annual Report 2021
Target by 2030                            KPI                          Commentary



                                                                                                                                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT
Continue our work to reduce               Percentage reduction         As a result of the on-trade closures due to Covid-19, there was an increase in the use of cans rather than
total packaging and increase              of total packaging           returnable kegs which resulted in an increase in our overall packaging weight of 3.6%. Aside from this
recycled content in our                   (by weight)                  challenge, our work with Pulpex on a paper-based bottle has demonstrated the potential to reduce the
packaging (delivering a 10%                                            packaging weight of a bottle by 95%, which we anticipate will debut with Johnnie Walker in fiscal 23.
reduction in packaging weight             (3.6)%                       This and other innovative approaches will be central to delivering this target.
and increasing the percentage
recycled content of our                   Percentage of                The recycled content in our packaging was 42.8%, a decrease of 3% compared with last year because less
packaging to 60%)                         recycled content             ‘cullet’ (recycled glass) was available in our main markets. Over 85% of our finished packaged product uses
                                          (by weight)                  glass and glass recycling infrastructure has been severely impacted by Covid-19.

                                          42.8%
Ensure 100% of our                        Percentage of                The application of the ‘widely recyclable’ definition across all our markets will require some further
packaging is widely recyclable            packaging recyclable         work to embed a universal definition for subsequent years’ reporting. As last year, 99.5% of our
(or reusable/compostable)                 (by weight)                  packaging is recyclable by our previous definition. The remaining non-recyclable components are
                                                                       currently either technically or operationally not replaceable, and we continue to explore alternatives
SDG alignment: 12.2; 12.6                 99.5%                        for these residual materials.

Achieve 40% average recycled              Percentage of                We have made solid progress with 5.4% recycled content in all plastic (PET) bottles globally and we
content in our plastic bottles            recycled content/            have moved certain formats to 100% recycled content. While just 2% of our packaging is made from
by 2025 (and 100% by 2030)4               percentage of                PET, we nonetheless consider this an important target.
                                          plastics used
SDG alignment: 12.5; 12.6
                                          5.4%
Ensure 100% of our plastics               Percentage                   We are encouraged by the innovative approach in our South Africa market to ensure our Smirnoff and
is designed to be widely                  of recyclable                Captain Morgan PET formats were adapted to enable the PET bottles to be widely recyclable or reusable.
recyclable (or reusable/                  (or reusable/                This contributes to the PETCO initiative in market where 56,500 tonnes of PET was collected for reuse. The
compostable) by 20254                     compostable)/                remaining non-recyclable plastic components are challenging to displace, however we will continue to
                                          percentage of                explore alternatives. This year, we created a set of Global POS (point-of-sale) Sustainable Guidelines for our
SDG alignment: 12.5; 12.6
                                          plastic used                 marketing teams which will be fully implemented next year. We reduced the use of single use plastic cups
                                                                       in Europe, moved to 100% recycled and recyclable paper in North America with our key POS supplier, and
                                          66.8%                        reduced material waste and obsolescence within our warehouses.

Provide all of our local sourcing         Number of                    On-farm practices in our farmer network vary widely in maturity. Some growers already use sustainable
communities with agricultural             smallholder                  and regenerative practices, while others still need to adapt. Moving to regenerative agriculture across this
skills and resources, building            farmers who we               network is a substantial step requiring understanding and planning, and we have focussed this year on
economic and environmental                have provided                building our strategy and engaging market teams through a new Regenerative Agriculture Community
resilience (supporting 150,000            with, or facilitated         of Practice to share learnings and build capability. We are also building a baseline of supplier and market
smallholder farmers)                      access to, initiatives       maturity and assessing the materiality of issues to create implementation plans for next year and beyond.
                                          providing agricultural       We have developed a number of tools which will be rolled out to suppliers and farmers. We are currently
SDG alignment: 2.3; 2.4; 8.3;
                                          skills and a minimum         developing a robust measurement and evaluation framework for this target and will be reporting
12.2; 12.3
                                          of three inputs              quantitatively against it in the future.

                                          N/A

Develop regenerative                      Number of                    To help suppliers and farmers overcome potential barriers, we will partner with them to implement
agriculture pilot programmes              regenerative                 regenerative, on-the-ground projects that help test new farming approaches and practices, measure
in five key sourcing landscapes           agriculture pilot            impacts, and disseminate learnings.
                                          programmes active
SDG alignment: 15.2; 15.3; 15.5;                                       To make these initiatives effective, we are working on understanding where our current grower groups
15A; 17.16                                N/A                          are operating, what practices they may be considering adopting, and where we can best support them
                                                                       in partnership and collaboration with others.
                                                                       We are exploring new technologies that will allow us to plan, define and frame pilot programmes. One
                                                                       example is a collaboration project targeting our growers in Scotland and Ireland, which aims to gather
                                                                       on-farm data using satellite imagery and deep data analysis to establish a baseline of existing carbon
                                                                       footprint and other on-farm environmental metrics. We are currently developing a robust measurement
                                                                       and evaluation framework for this target and will be reporting quantitatively against it in the future.

1. We use the World Resources Institute/World Business Council for Sustainable Development         3. A comprehensive review of Scope 3 categories has increased the fiscal 20 baseline to
   Greenhouse Gas Protocol as a basis for reporting our emissions, and we include all facilities      4,87 MtCO2e
   where we have operational control for the full financial year                                   4. These targets were introduced in 2018
2. Please refer to our reporting methodologies for more information on how data has been           Δ Within PwC’s limited assurance; see page 201 for further details
   compiled, including standards and assumptions used




                                                                                                                                                  Diageo Annual Report 2021                  41
Sustainability performance continued




Doing business the right way,
from grain to glass
Doing the right thing, in the right way, is the foundation of our business. That includes embedding our commitment to business
integrity and respect for human rights into the way we work, every day, everywhere. We consider health and safety as a fundamental
human right – and at an operational level the health, safety and wellbeing of our employees is our highest priority.

Making respect for human rights everyone’s business                              Health and safety
Respect for human rights should be a part of everyone’s working day. We          Our global health and safety strategy aims to take a holistic approach to
are continuing to embed human rights into every function of our business,        the wellbeing, as well as the safety, of our people. At its heart is our global
in every market, as part of our commitment to the UN Guiding Principles          Zero Harm programme, which is designed to ensure that everyone goes
on Business and Human Rights (UNGP), which we signed in 2014.                    home safe and healthy, every day, everywhere.

We have a well-developed policy framework that addresses human rights            Last year we introduced a new, broader total recordable accident frequency
and our commitment to business integrity. We use our comprehensive               rate (TRAFR) metric, with the aim of achieving a TRAFR performance of 3.5
human rights impact assessment (HRIA) process, which considers our               or less. Our TRAFR helps us identify and analyse the root causes of all levels
entire value chain, and our Responsible Sourcing programme as part               of accidents and near misses, which enables us to predict and prevent
of our due diligence and risk monitoring process.                                more serious accidents and illnesses. This year we have sustained a TRAFR
                                                                                 performance of 1.98 at a global level, an improvement from 2.12 last year.
In line with the UNGP, we have identified three external risks as particularly
salient to our business: labour rights, including the risk of child labour,      After sustaining less than one lost-time accident (LTA) per 1,000 employees in
especially in agricultural supply networks; labour standards for contract        2019 and 2020, this year the LTA frequency rate increased from 0.60 to 1.03Δ,
workers; and sexual harassment in the hospitality sector.                        largely due to an increase in incidents at our sites in Europe. This year’s rate
                                                                                 of 1.03Δ is broadly in line with our performance prior to 2020. The severity rate
In response, we have developed measures including awareness                      of these LTAs, which measures the seriousness of the incident and time off
programmes focussed on child protection and training for a variety of            work, reduced by 11.9% globally.
internal and external stakeholders on modern slavery risks. We have also
developed standards and training in all our markets aimed at protecting          We have introduced a new global governance structure and approach to
brand promotion teams from harassment.                                           co-ordinating our health and safety strategy across the business. This blends
                                                                                 local ownership and agility with global oversight of trends, enabling sharing
We describe our human rights approach and performance in more detail             of best practice and policies.
in our ESG Reporting Index. We publish our Modern Slavery Statement on
our website.                                                                     There is no acceptable level of accidents and we want to continue to
                                                                                 encourage safe behaviour among all our people. A core part of our strategy
Strengthening our approach                                                       is to identify and leverage the best available health and safety practices,
Embedding human rights is a continuous and evolving process. We                  technologies and systems to effectively interrogate data.
have now carried out 19 HRIAs since we began our programme in 2015.
In previous years we have conducted HRIAs in Kenya, Ghana, Mexico,               We continue to build our people’s capabilities to provide them with the most
Brazil, Thailand, Turkey, Uganda, Colombia, the United Kingdom,                  up-to-date health and safety skills and knowledge to consistently carry out
Guatemala, Tanzania, Nigeria, South Africa, China, North America                 their roles safely. We are also committed to working in partnership with our
(United States/Canada) and Australia. This year, we carried out HRIAs in         contractors and third-party providers to ensure they are equally committed
the Middle East (second phase), PEBAC (Peru/Ecuador/Bolivia/Argentina/           to our Zero Harm ambition.
Chile), and North Asia (South Korea/Japan), and the second phase in India
was in progress as this report was published. These last four HRIAs were         We have taken a strategic approach to managing the ongoing Covid-19
delayed from 2020 as a result of Covid-19.                                       pandemic and successfully implemented new protocols and safe ways
                                                                                 of working across the business, including in offices, production facilities,
During the pandemic we developed a robust desk-based approach to                 commercial premises and among our new remote working population.
HRIAs. This included an in-depth review of the human rights context
relevant to our operations and value chain in each country, a detailed           The global pandemic has been a physical and emotional challenge for all our
scoping of our operations and value chain, and the development of an             people for a variety of reasons. This year Diageo’s annual Your Voice survey
information gathering tool, and follow-up interviews as needed. All our          included questions on wellbeing, which gave us additional insights into the
HRIA reports include an action plan to address identified risks and an           progress we are making in this area, as described in Our people on page 22.
action plan for their delivery.                                                  We have also created a new, dedicated health and wellbeing channel in our
                                                                                 learning management system, which provides tools and resources to help
Following on from the completion of the extensive human rights                   our people manage their own specific needs.
due diligence across our business and value chain through the HRIA
programme, we are now working to further embed our human rights
approach across all aspects of our business. This year that included
further embedding our Global Brand Promoter Standard in all our
markets to protect brand promotion teams from harassment. Our
governance process checks that this standard is included in agency
contracts and that promoters receive relevant training.




42      Diageo Annual Report 2021
2021 safety data by region                                                                            Global training is delivered in an easily accessible e-learning format with




                                                                                                                                                                                        STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                                                                      classroom training delivered to those employees who do not have regular
                                     Employee      Employee    Independent                            access to a computer.
Region                                LTA rate      TRA rate      contractor    LTAs1   Fatalities2
North America                           1.14          2.07               0        3             0
                                                                                                      Another area of potential compliance risk is our interactions with third
Europe and Turkey                       2.44          3.21               3       25             0     parties. Our Know Your Business Partner programme is designed to help
Africa                                  0.25          1.12               5        2             0     us evaluate the risk of doing business with a third party prior to entering
Latin America and Caribbean             1.06          2.16               4        3             0     a contractual relationship, as well as monitor for any changes throughout
Asia Pacific                            0.33          1.80               3        4             0     our interactions. This year we refreshed our third-party risk programme to
Diageo (total)                          1.03Δ         1.98              15       37             0     include additional mitigations to the increased risk of economic sanctions.
                                                                                                      We assess all our business partners for potential economic sanctions and
1. We do not report an LTA rate for independent contractors due to the difficulty and                 compliance risks such as bribery and corruption, money laundering, facilitation
   administrative burden in accurately recording headcount                                            of tax evasion, data privacy or other reputational red flags and implement
2. Fatalities include any employee work-related fatality arising in their day-to-day work             additional due diligence processes on those parties that pose a potentially
   environment, or any work-related fatalities occurring to third parties and contractors
   (non full-time employees) while on Diageo’s premises                                               higher risk. Central oversight is provided by our global business integrity
Δ Within PwC’s independent limited assurance scope, see page 201                                      team which undertakes regular reviews on the effectiveness of the programme.

                                                                                                      We encourage our employees, and anyone we do business with,
                                                                                                      to raise concerns about potential breaches of our Code of Business
         Our Life Saving Rules: 11 ways to make                                                       Conduct or policies. Our confidential whistle-blowing help line, SpeakUp,
         our people safer                                                                             is available via phone or web portal, enabling anyone to report a concern.
         We want everyone to go home safe and healthy, every day,                                     Additionally, we encourage employees to come forward to their line
         everywhere. That means constantly reinforcing the behaviours                                 manager, legal, HR or risk and compliance and business integrity partners.
         that have made us an industry leader on safety – and going
         further until we reach our ambition of zero harm.                                            This year 484 allegations of breaches were reported. Whilst on an annual
                                                                                                      basis we saw a decline in allegations versus last year, due to increased
         This year we found a new way to bring our health and safety                                  virtual working as a result of the pandemic, we are noting that the
         culture to life for our people – through our Life Saving Rules                               reporting levels are slowly going back to pre-pandemic levels. The
         programme. Launched in every market, Life Saving Rules                                       substantiation rate of allegations has slightly increased compared to
         focusses on the 11 key behaviours that can prevent the                                       last year with 39% of cases confirmed as a breach.
         worst kinds of accidents – what are known as severe and
         fatal incidents.                                                                             All allegations are taken seriously, investigated and where required
                                                                                                      consequence management is performed. We monitor all breaches to
         The rules are built around the activities we have identified as                              identify trends and root causes where further action may be required.
         highest risk, such as driving on roads, working at height, and                               This year 53 people exited the business as a result of breaches of our
         entering confined spaces, and outline the key safe behaviour                                 Code of Business Conduct or policies versus 78 people last year. The
         expectations for our employees to understand and adopt                                       reduced number of breach leavers is due to a reduction in severity and
         as part of their working day. We brought the message home                                    type of breaches this year.
         through booklets, posters, t-shirts, display screens, videos,
         virtual engagements and face-to-face training, and teams                                     Reported and substantiated breaches
         at our local sites focus on communicating a specific rule                                    2021
         each month.                                                                                                                          484

                                                                                                                              278

                                                                                                                  145

Business integrity                                                                                      53
We remain deeply committed to operating in the right way in everything                                Reported and
                                                                                                                XXX
                                                                                                                    substantiated breaches
we do. Compliance and conducting our business with integrity are                                      2020
                                                                                                        Reported
non-negotiables, and our approach to risk and compliance helps us go                                                                                         644
beyond the basics to encourage the right behaviours and attitudes every                                 Reported through SpeakUp
day, everywhere.                                                                                        Sustantiated breaches 384
                                                                                                        Code-related223
                                                                                                                      leavers
Our global Code of Business Conduct, available in 20 languages, sets                                         78

out what we stand for as a company and how we operate to enable all                                   Reported and
                                                                                                                XXX
                                                                                                                    substantiated breaches
our employees to understand what is required of them in the conduct                                   2019
                                                                                                        Reported
of our business across a range of compliance areas. We undertake                                                                                                           805
annual mandatory global training on our Code of Business Conduct and                                    Reported through SpeakUp
                                                                                                                                 421
key global policies, which includes an integrated Annual Certification of                               Sustantiated breaches
Compliance (ACC) for all managers and their direct reports, encompassing                                Code-related leavers
                                                                                                                     238

a total of 15,002 eligible employees.                                                                        79

                                                                                                                        XXX

                                                                                                         Reported
                                                                                                         Reported through SpeakUp
                                                                                                         Substantiated breaches
                                                                                                         Code-related leavers


                                                                                                                                            Diageo Annual Report 2021             43
Sustainability performance continued




Our ESG reporting approach
Reporting transparently on the environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues that affect our business and that our business creates plays a vital
role in delivering our strategy. It helps us to manage ESG risks, seize opportunities and promote sustainable development everywhere we live, work,
source and sell.

Our ESG reporting suite aims to provide comprehensive and comparable disclosures for a broad range of stakeholders. As well as publishing our
integrated Annual Report and ESG Reporting Index at the year-end, we also submit non-financial information to benchmarking and index organisations
throughout the year, including those listed on page 3 of our ESG Reporting Index.

The non-financial reporting space is evolving quickly. We are committed to continual evaluation and improvement of our approach and to actively
track emerging ESG frameworks and good practice.

How we report to our stakeholders – our reporting suite




Annual Report Where we present our most                Diageo.com Where, through the ‘Society 2030:         ESG Reporting Index Where we give additional
material disclosures and describe how our              Spirit of Progress’ section, we give further         disclosures in line with the GRI Standards index
strategy delivers value for our business and           details of our approach and performance,             and the UNGC advanced reporting criteria index,
other stakeholders.                                    including examples of our strategy in action.        plus our response to the Sustainability Accounting
                                                                                                            Standards Board (SASB). This document also
                                                                                                            includes detailed non-financial reporting
                                                                                                            boundaries and methodologies.


Who are our stakeholders? Everyone who is affected by our business, and everyone who affects it, is a stakeholder. A detailed description of our stakeholder
engagement process is on pages 20-21 of our Annual Report.

Non-financial information statement

Focus area                                     Relevant policies and standards                   Read more in this report                               Page

Promote positive drinking                      – Marketing and Digital Marketing Policy          – Promote positive drinking                            30-31
                                               – Employee Alcohol Global Policy                  – Performing against our 2030 targets                  38-41
                                               – Position papers

Champion inclusion and diversity               – Code of Business Conduct                        – Champion inclusion and diversity                     32-33
Our people                                     – 2020 Gender Pay Gap Report                      – Our people                                              22
                                               – Human Rights Global Policy                      – Performing against our 2030 targets                  38-41

Pioneer grain-to-glass sustainability          –   Environmental Global Policy                   – Pioneer grain-to-glass sustainability                34-35
                                               –   Sustainable Agriculture Guidelines            – Performing against our 2030 targets                  38-41
                                               –   Sustainable Packaging Commitments             – Responding to climate-related risks                  50-55
                                               –   Partnering with Suppliers standard

Human rights                                   – Human Rights Global Policy                      – Doing business the right way from                    42-43
                                               – Modern Slavery Statement                          grain to glass
                                               – Global Brand Promoter Standard

Health and safety                              – Health, Safety and Wellbeing                    – Doing business the right way from                    42-43
                                                 Global Policy                                     grain to glass

Anti-bribery and corruption                    – Code of Business Conduct                        – Doing business the right way from grain                43
                                                                                                   to glass

Our contribution to the                                                                          – Performing against our 2030 targets                  38-41
UN Sustainable Development Goals



44      Diageo Annual Report 2021
Our principal risks and risk management



Effective risk management
Well-managed risk-taking lies at the heart of our Performance Ambition. Great risk management drives better



                                                                                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT
commercial decisions, protects our assets and supports a growing, resilient and sustainable business.

                                                                                           Risks that can be partially mitigated through insurance are also identified
Insightful                                        Co                  Review of what is
reporting                                ort        n                 going on around
                                                                                           and evaluated. We focus our insurance resources on the most critical areas
                                  &   rep         rev tinuo                                or where there is a legal requirement, seeking a balance between retained
                               or                    iew us            us and ensuring
                           onit                                       we have the right
                                                                                           risk and risk transfer. As insurance markets are getting tighter this is an area
                          M                                                                we continue to monitor.
                                      Risk                               plans in place
                                   management                                              The Board considers principal risks to be the most significant risks
                             ate                        Ident                              faced by the group, including those that are the most material to our
                        Mitig                                ify
                                                                                           performance and that could threaten our business model or future
                                                                                           long-term performance, solvency or liquidity. They do not comprise all
Develop and embed                        Assess                    Deep dive to identify   the risks associated with our business and are not set out in priority order.
mitigation actions                                                         our top risks   Additional risks not known to management, or currently deemed to be
                                                                                           less material, may also have an adverse effect on the business.

                       Understanding the likelihood                                        We have reviewed and updated the descriptions, risk outlooks and
                          of the risk occurring                                            mitigating actions of our principal risks. The overall level of risk, despite
                             and the impact                                                mitigation efforts, is increasing in line with significant external threats such
Our approach                                                                               as digital revolution, climate change, geopolitical risks and the resulting
We believe that great risk management starts with the right conversations                  surge of global uncertainty in many areas. Pandemics was elevated from
to drive better business decisions. Our focus is to identify and embed                     an emerging risk in the prior year to a principal risk this year to reflect the
mitigation actions for material risks that could impact our current or                     increased impact and mitigations needed to manage this risk. Counterfeit,
future performance, and/or our reputation. Our approach is holistic                        previously grouped with Product Quality risk, is now shown separately.
and integrated, bringing together risk management, internal controls
and business integrity, ensuring that our activities across this agenda                    Update to the response to the Covid-19 pandemic
focus on the risks that could have the greatest impact. We regularly                       The World Health Organization declared Covid-19 a global pandemic
review and refresh our principal risks, our risk appetite and our approach                 in March 2020. Unprecedented restrictive measures were put in place
to risk management. Our approach is also structured to ensure that all                     worldwide to help prevent the spread of the disease to ensure safety
reasonable steps are taken to mitigate, but not to eliminate, our principal                and wellbeing, protect health services and attempt to stabilise economies.
risks in this context.
                                                                                           The pandemic has continued to create uncertainty; however, as
Accountability for managing risk is embedded into our management                           vaccination rollouts progress and our understanding and agility in
structures. Each market and function undertakes an annual risk                             managing through preventative measures has grown, the outlook is
assessment, establishes mitigation plans and monitors risk on a                            more optimistic. While our approach to risk mitigation and assessing risk
continual basis.                                                                           appetite has not changed materially as a consequence of the Covid-19
                                                                                           pandemic, certain of our principal risks have been revisited in the light
Our Executive Audit & Risk Committee regularly assesses risk, and the                      of the potential impact of the pandemic on those risks. In addition, the
Board independently reviews the assessment. This Committee meets                           impact and developments concerning Covid-19, including the pace of
quarterly and receives regular reports on the risks faced across the                       recovery in different geographies, are articulated in our new Pandemic
business and the effectiveness of the actions taken to mitigate these                      principal risk.
risks. We use internal and external data to monitor our risks and to
make proactive interventions. We also establish cross-functional                           Emerging risks
working groups and use expert advice where necessary to ensure                             There continues to be a focus on identifying and assessing potential
significant risks are effectively managed and, where appropriate, escalated                emerging risks. These can be newly identified risks or known risks
to the Executive and Board for consideration. This year we implemented                     that have evolved over time. The Executive and Board formally review
an integrated risk management tool across the business to enhance our                      emerging risks. Our Corporate Strategy and Enterprise Risk Management
risk management process.                                                                   teams undertake horizon-scanning to monitor any potential disruptions
                                                                                           that could dramatically change our industry and/or our business, from
                                                                                           both a risk and opportunity perspective, for the Executive and the Board
    Further details about our risk management approach are described in the
    Corporate governance report on page 97 and in the Audit Committee report               to understand the changing landscape and take appropriate actions.
    on pages 99-101                                                                        We perform scenario planning and draw on external thinking and
                                                                                           research to consider the changes around us to understand how
                                                                                           our risk profile could change over a longer period. Emerging risks we
Our principal risks
                                                                                           are monitoring include changes to the global socio-economic landscape.
The Executive and Board considered the group’s principal risks and our
risk appetite, setting the level of risk tolerance we have for risks that could
                                                                                           Global socio-economic landscape
impact delivery of our strategic objectives. Examples of risks for which
                                                                                           The human and economic cost of Covid-19 is significant with
we have zero appetite include risks that could: harm our people; impact
                                                                                           increased poverty and numerous job losses versus pre-pandemic
product quality; cause us to market irresponsibly or otherwise act without
                                                                                           levels. These factors as well as others are contributing to increased
integrity; and be non-compliant with laws and regulations, including those
                                                                                           social inequities and widening the wealth gap between demographics.
relating to financial reporting.
                                                                                           We are monitoring the potential impact of this on our consumer base
                                                                                           and their buying preferences.



                                                                                                                                  Diageo Annual Report 2021             45
Our principal risks and risk management continued


     For more information on our market dynamics and our strategic priorities
     and outcomes please see pages 14-17




Risk & impact                                        How we mitigate                                              Developments in 2021

1    Cyber threats                                   – Enterprise-wide cyber risk management                      – Ransomware attacks against high-profile peers are becoming
     Risk outlook:                                     processes and policies.                                      more frequent. The pace and sophistication of the attacks
                                                     – Our employees engage in mandatory                            are faster and more widespread than ever before. In response,
                                                       global e-learning and regular                                while full mitigation is not possible, we have acted quickly
                                                       phishing exercises.                                          to further strengthen our security posture in both IT and
     Sophisticated cyber and IT threats,
                                                     – We have deployed next-generation                             operational technologies environments. We perform regular
     including those facilitated through
                                                       security technologies to tackle                              cyber crisis simulation drills to enhance overall readiness to
     breaches of internal policies and
                                                       advanced attacks.                                            respond to cyber-attacks and serious data breaches and perform
     unauthorised access, could lead to
                                                     – We have multi-factor authentication,                         penetration testing to help identify and fix security vulnerabilities
     theft, loss and misappropriation of
                                                       single sign-on and privileged access                         to continuously improve the risk posture across our networks
     critical assets and/or personal data
                                                       management for sensitive applications.                       and systems.
     and disruption to core business
     operations including manufacturing              – Enhanced cloud security measures are                       – Successfully implemented additional security measures enabling
     and supply, resulting in financial                in place.                                                    secure working from home environments.
     loss, significant fines and                     – We have strong operating procedures to                     – Our employees continue to improve capability in recognising
     reputational damage.                              ensure our cyber incident response readiness.                and reporting security incidents, as a result of focussed
                                                                                                                    cyber training.

2    Climate change, sustainability &                – Resource scarcity issues identified and                    – Extreme weather, climate action failure and human-led
     responsibility                                    mitigated, especially within agricultural                    environmental damage continue to top the list of the globe’s
                                                       ingredient sourcing and manufacturing,                       highest risks with regulations and government interventions
     Risk outlook:                                     water and energy.                                            expected to continue to increase.
                                                     – ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ strategy                – ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ ambition launched, and headway
                                                       launched and operationalised to deliver                      made against targets in the first year (see pages 34-35).
     Physical and transition climate
                                                       against key targets and longer-term goals.                 – Multi-year climate change risk assessment to assess short and
     change risks including water stress
     and increased regulation, as well as            – Water blueprint defined and                                  long-term impacts from physical and transition risks launched with
     inability to meet sustainability goals,           operationalised in water-stressed locations.                 phase 1 completed focussing on Scotland and North America.
     could reduce revenues and profits.              – Communications programmes in place to                      – Cross-functional Climate Risk Steering Group continuing
     These risks could also impact trust               share impact, strengthen reputation and                      to develop approach to climate change risk reporting
     and reputation amongst consumers,                 support advocacy platform.                                   (see page 50 for more details).
     investors and other stakeholders.

3    Pandemics                                       – Global crisis management and business                      – Protecting our people and our business and supporting our
     Risk outlook:                                     continuity management programme in                           suppliers, customers and communities continued to be at
                                                       place to enhance our capability to react                     the forefront of our response to the Covid-19 pandemic.
                                                       effectively to crises and minimise damage                    Risk mitigations have been agile and effective, with support
                                                       and disruption in our business operations.                   and oversight by the Board.
     Global outbreak of a public
     health threat or fear of such an                – Multi-channel product availability enabling                – The Executive Working Group and local crisis management
     event could result in increased                   consumers to continue to purchase our                        teams continue to monitor and enhance the mitigation actions
     government restrictions and                       products for consumption.                                    and processes established during the pandemic. This includes
     regulations including the shutdown              – Established links to government bodies                       continuing to work closely in challenging areas such as employee
     of the on-trade, restrictions to travel,          enabling dialogue regarding industry                         wellbeing, return to work norms and supply disruption.
     and quarantining of our employees                 response and regulation.                                   – Further actions we are taking to protect our business and
     resulting in a negative impact                  – Decentralised decision-making                                support our partners and communities are also described across
     to consumer demand, or a                          enables re-prioritisation and resource                       the Strategic report and in the Chief Executive’s statement on
     slowdown or halting of our business               re-deployment where required.                                pages 10-13.
     operations due to supply or logistic
     constraints, could adversely impact
     our financial performance.

4    Global economic volatility                      – Local and global monitoring of key business                – Implemented more regular planning focussed on generating
     Risk outlook:                                     drivers and performance to prepare for                       more insights at global and local levels, which have been
                                                       rapid changes in the external environment.                   instrumental in allowing timely adjustment of our commercial
                                                     – Group-level strategic analysis and scenario                  strategies in a dynamic environment. As conditions improve, we
                                                       planning to strengthen market strategies                     continue to assess multiple scenarios to ensure our preparedness
     Economic volatility or failure to
                                                       and risk management.                                         to invest and grow.
     react quickly enough to changing
     economic conditions, currency                   – Multi-country investment strategy and local
     instability, inflationary pressures,              sourcing strategies.
     changes to customs duties and tariffs,          – Central hedging and currency monitoring
     and/or eroded consumer confidence                 to manage volatility.
     could impact forecasting and/or
     financial performance.




     Strategic outcomes                     Efficient growth     Consistent value creation            Credibility and trust    Engaged people        Risk included in viability assessment


     Risk outlook                           Increasing           Decreasing                  Stable




46       Diageo Annual Report 2021
Risk & impact                                      How we mitigate                                              Developments in 2021



                                                                                                                                                                                                STRATEGIC REPORT
5   Consumer disruption                            – We have a highly diversified portfolio of                  – Covid-19 has accelerated digital adoption across our consumer
    Risk outlook:                                    brands to ensure coverage of consumer                        and customer landscape. We perceive that there is an increased
                                                     occasions, trends and price points.                          awareness by consumers of the possibility of buying spirits
                                                   – We operate a rigorous process of strategy                    online, and retailer investment in capacity to meet online
                                                     development and governance at corporate                      demand. In response, we reviewed our e-commerce operating
    Inability to respond and adapt either
                                                     and market level.                                            model across key markets, rolling out specific plans and digital
    our products or our processes to
                                                   – We perform a systematic review of emerging                   tools, and developing a competitive direct to consumer platform.
    disruptive market forces including
    e-commerce, digital, and new formats             consumer and route to consumer trends at                   – To ensure we are in a strong position to capitalise on shifts
    could impact our ability to effectively          market and brand level, including growth of                  in consumer behaviours, we have increased our exposure to
    service our customers and consumers              disruptive digital technologies.                             attractive markets, price tiers and categories both organically
    with the required agility, thereby             – We focus our innovation on our strategic                     through investment choices and resource allocation, and
    threatening market share, revenue,               priorities and the biggest consumer                          inorganically through acquisitions.
    profitability and growth ambitions.              opportunities through global brand
                                                     extensions and new-to-world products.

6   Geopolitical & natural                         – We have established a comprehensive                        – The frequency and intensity of civil unrest have generally
    hazards risk                                     security and crisis programme to protect                     reduced over the past year due to widespread restrictions,
                                                     employees from injury or death and                           however the Covid-19 pandemic continues to exert pressure on
    Risk outlook:                                    safeguard the business from disruption                       economic, political and societal systems, and the gradual easing
                                                     to operations and loss of property.                          of restrictions globally could exacerbate the intensity of civil
                                                   – Our security function, led by subject matter                 unrest and volatility.
    International and domestic security
                                                     experts, draws on a global management                      – Unstable geopolitics: resurgent populist nationalism has driven
    risks including terrorism, as well as
                                                     framework to ensure risks are systematically                 the erosion of multilateralism in recent years, and has been
    natural hazards, pose a threat to the
                                                     identified and controlled.                                   exacerbated in 2021, raising the risk of regional conflict, trade
    safety of our employees and third
                                                   – Global risk analysis and threat intelligence                 wars and state-sponsored cyber-attacks. Major geopolitical
    parties at our sites and events, as well
                                                     programmes identify and monitor threats to                   rivalries and tensions continue, widening across some of our
    as to property and products. Political
                                                     our people, property, assets, and supply chain.              key markets.
    instability may also impact on our
    freedom to operate in a market.

7   Counterfeit                                    – Anti-counterfeiting measures embedded in                   – The Covid-19 pandemic has led to an increase in illicit activity
    Risk outlook:                                    our packaging deter against reuse, making                    in markets that have experienced alcohol sales bans. We have
                                                     our products more difficult to copy and                      also seen an increased focus at industry level on cross-border
                                                     enabling rapid authentication.                               counterfeit operations involving organised crime.
    Ineffective brand protection and/or            – We operate an active programme to                          – Market visits to review counterfeiting activities have been
    prevention/intervention to address               identify high-risk areas, engage with                        curtailed due to lockdowns in many markets; however
    counterfeiting of our products                   customs and law enforcement authorities                      enforcement activity has remained steady.
    increases the threats posed by                   and participate in industry initiatives to                 – Next-generation design of security closures and digital and
    counterfeit products, including                  monitor and prevent counterfeiting activity.                 liquid authentication devices are in development and on track.
    harm to consumers and damage to                – We run an online monitoring and                            – Glass collection and recycling team established to drive empty
    our corporate and brand reputation,              takedown programme across high-risk                          glass collection initiatives in all high and medium counterfeit risk
    as well as potential physical threats            e-commerce and social media platforms,                       markets, to reduce the availability of empty genuine glass bottles
    to our people due to the illicit                 and undertake direct engagement with                         for refilling by counterfeiters.
    nature of organisations involved                 many platforms to create awareness
    in counterfeiting activities.                    and stop counterfeit listings.

8   Business integrity,                            – Our Code of Business Conduct and                           – Macroeconomic uncertainty has heightened the risk of fraud
    compliance & controls                            supporting policies and standards set                        and pressure on employees, customers and suppliers. This
                                                     out compliance requirements.                                 may be further exacerbated with remote working. We have
    Risk outlook:                                                                                                 implemented a regional support model for business integrity,
                                                   – Risk assessment framework to identify,
                                                     assess and monitor business and                              with an enhanced focus across the commercial landscape,
                                                     compliance risks.                                            delivering tailored interventions and better oversight specific
    Lack of an embedded business                                                                                  to markets and regions.
    integrity culture and associated control       – Regular training, communications, annual
                                                     certification and engagement activities                    – Refreshed our know your business partner programme to
    framework increases risk that we are
                                                     to embed employee understanding.                             include enhanced due diligence for high-risk partners, possible
    not compliant with relevant laws and
                                                   – Well-embedded control assurance                              tax evasion facilitation, and risk and sanction screening for all
    regulations, including but not limited
                                                     programme and strong centralised                             third parties.
    to anti-corruption, money laundering,
    global competition and economic                  second line of defence.                                    – Global introduction of sanction clauses in all contracts.
    sanction laws impacting on our                 – Global third-party due diligence                           – Deployment of values-based training and engagement across
    reputation and/or resulting in significant       process supported by technology                              all levels, to raise awareness of cyber risk and data privacy, as
    financial penalties and/or material              and central oversight.                                       well as launching sanctions training for specialist groups.
    misstatement of financial reporting.




    Strategic outcomes                    Efficient growth     Consistent value creation            Credibility and trust    Engaged people        Risk included in viability assessment


    Risk outlook                          Increasing            Decreasing                 Stable




                                                                                                                                              Diageo Annual Report 2021                    47
Our principal risks and risk management continued




Risk & impact                                         How we mitigate                                              Developments in 2021

9    Data privacy                                     – Our vendors must comply with our                           – Global Data Privacy Lead Counsel has been appointed,
     Risk outlook:                                      standards for the processing of personal                     with accountability to liaise with business and functions to
                                                        data relating to customers, employees                        ensure effective performance of the privacy programme and
                                                        and partners.                                                central oversight.
     We are subject to a wide variety                 – All customer and consumer activities that                  – We have enhanced our processes and controls to incorporate the
     of laws and regulations regarding                  include processing of personal data must                     increased use of first-party data and consumer tracking with the
     protection of personal data and                    comply with our internal controls, codes of                  expansion of direct-to-consumer channels.
     any failure or perceived failure by                conduct, and data privacy policies.                        – We are well positioned to manage the increasing number of
     us may result in significant fines,              – We deliver mandatory annual data privacy                     countries which are implementing legislation equivalent to
     which could have a material adverse                training to all employees.                                   the GDPR.
     effect on our business, operating
     results or reputation.

10 Product quality                                    – We have food safety system certification                   – Enhanced governance monitoring and exception reporting
     Risk outlook:                                      (FSSC 22000) in place for our owned                          delivered across wholly owned breweries and packaging sites,
                                                        brewing and packaging sites. We monitor                      as well as key third-party production sites.
                                                        the certification for third-party sites and                – Extension of our global product integrity programme to no- and
                                                        where necessary exercise our contractual                     lower-alcohol products.
     Accidental or malicious contamination
                                                        right to audit.                                            – Refreshed product recall crisis management policy and process
     of raw materials or finished product
     which is supplied to the market                  – Food fraud and food threat risk assessments                  rolled out.
     could cause harm to consumers                      are regularly undertaken.
     and damage our corporate and                     – Our Global Product Recall Standards
     brand reputation.                                  have been strengthened, training has
                                                        been developed.

11 Regulation, indirect tax &                         – We run multi-year public policy campaigns                  – Government lockdowns in response to Covid-19 had an impact
   trade barriers                                       to minimise risk and unlock tax, trade and                   on the on-trade business and on the availability of alcohol to
                                                        regulatory opportunities.                                    consumers, varying across markets. The off-trade has remained
     Risk outlook:                                                                                                   open in almost all of our markets with some of the on-trade
                                                      – We have an active involvement with the
                                                        United Kingdom, the European Union and                       business shifting to the off-trade. There has been some
                                                        the United States authorities to prevent                     regulatory flexibility in certain countries, such as allowing
     Regulators in major markets                                                                                     direct-to-consumer e-commerce, and/or allowing on-premise
                                                        escalation of tariff tensions.
     increasingly impose indirect tax                                                                                to provide take-out alcohol.
     increases, trade barriers and/or                 – Our positive drinking programmes are
                                                        supported by a global industry platform                    – We have continued to be at the forefront of industry initiatives
     restrictions on the marketing and
                                                        to promote responsible drinking and tackle                   to promote positive drinking, including responsible drinking at
     sale of alcohol.
                                                        spirits discrimination.                                      home, and other awareness-building programmes.
                                                      – We practise evidence-based engagement                      – Trade tensions and protectionism continue to impact the global
                                                        to build trust and reputation with                           trading environment, but we have seen recent de-escalation
                                                        governments, health ministries and                           on tariffs in the United Kingdom, United States and European
                                                        other stakeholders.                                          Union. In March 2021, 25% tariffs on single malt Scotch and
                                                                                                                     Baileys imposed in the US were suspended for four months
                                                                                                                     and then in June 2021 for a further five years. A free trade
                                                                                                                     deal between UK and Australia has been recently announced.

12 International direct tax                           – We monitor and, where appropriate,                         – The risk of unilateral tax increases as governments seek to fund
     Risk outlook:                                      express views on the formulation of tax laws                 their spending during the Covid-19 pandemic has begun to
                                                        either directly or through trade associations                materialise, with the UK corporation tax rate increase to 25%
                                                        or similar bodies.                                           as of 1 April 2023.
     Significant changes to the                       – We are continuing the implementation                       – Investment by governments in the digitalisation of tax
     international tax environment                      of our tax transformation programme to                       administration will facilitate enhanced access to and analysis
     alter our operating position, leading              standardise, centralise and automate tax                     of our data, which is likely to increase audit activity.
     to an increase in our effective tax                activities and controls where possible.                    – The OECD’s work on digitalisation may result in changes to
     rates and/or unexpected tax                      – We have embedded our refreshed global                        how multinationals are taxed, and could result in tax increases
     exposures and uncertainty.                         transfer pricing policy to ensure the way                    through the implementation of a global agreement on minimum
                                                        profits are taxed is consistent with business                effective taxation or unilateral actions by individual countries.
                                                        activities and economic substance.                         – In common with other multinationals, we face increasing scrutiny
                                                                                                                     from certain authorities, as outlined in our contingent liability note.




     Strategic outcomes                      Efficient growth     Consistent value creation            Credibility and trust     Engaged people        Risk included in viability assessment


     Risk outlook                            Increasing           Decreasing                  Stable




48      Diageo Annual Report 2021
Viability statement
The Directors have reviewed the long-term prospects of the group                     The viability assessment has three parts




                                                                                                                                                                        STRATEGIC REPORT
in order to assess its viability. This review considered the activities              First, the Directors considered the period over which they have a reasonable
and principal risks of the group together with factors likely to affect              expectation that the group will continue to operate and meet its liabilities.
the group’s future development, performance, financial position,                     A three-year period is considered appropriate for this viability assessment
cash flows, liquidity position and borrowing facilities as described                 because it is the period covered by the strategic plan and enables a high
in the Annual Report. These factors have also been carefully assessed                level of confidence in assessing viability.
in light of the Covid-19 pandemic.
                                                                                     Second, they considered the current debt facilities and debt headroom
Assessment                                                                           over the viability period, assuming that any debt maturing can be
In order to report on the long-term viability of the group, the Directors            refinanced at commercially acceptable terms. None of the future
reviewed the overall funding capacity and headroom available to withstand            outlooks considered resulted in headroom issues, primarily because
severe but plausible downside events, and carried out a robust assessment            the group has a healthy balance of short-term and long-term debt
of the principal risks facing the group including those that would threaten          programmes, £2.5 billion of committed credit facilities if required and
its business model, future performance, solvency or liquidity. This assessment       flexibility for reductions in discretionary spending including acquisitions
also included reviewing and understanding the mitigation factors for                 and capital expenditure, as well as a temporary suspension of the share
each principal risk. The risks and mitigating factors are summarised in              buyback programme and dividend payments.
the previous pages.
                                                                                     Third, they considered the potential impact of severe but plausible
                                                                                     scenarios over this period for each principal risk. None of the scenarios
                                                                                     individually or in aggregate would cause Diageo to cease to be viable.
                                                                                     A summary of the severe but plausible risks modelled and the level of
                                                                                     severity reviewed is included below.

Risk scenarios modelled               Level of severity considered
Regulation, indirect tax and          An increase in duty rates on all products, and a reduction in trade openness.
trade barriers

Global economic volatility            Deeper Covid-19 impacts including a slower on-trade and travel recovery over three years; incremental unrecoverable
                                      inflation in costs, a market share loss and foreign currency devaluation.

Consumer disruption                   Range of scenarios including share loss from not capturing the new-to-world brand trends; missing future e-commerce
                                      growth; and the legalisation of cannabis impacting the beverage alcohol segment.

Climate change                        Key areas considered include an imposed carbon tax; price increase in our key raw materials due to climate change; impact of
                                      rotational short-term shut-downs occurring at a number of our water-stressed sites, and two severe storms in high-risk areas.

Cyber threats                         Cyber-attacks on our manufacturing systems shut down our ability to ship products for three weeks.

International direct tax              Incremental effective tax rate levied by governments to fund Covid-19 spending.


Management has prepared cash flow forecasts which have also been sensitised to reflect severe, but plausible downside scenarios taking into consideration
the group’s principal risks. In our base case scenario, we expect net sales momentum to continue in the year ending 30 June 2022, however, we expect
near-term volatility to remain. The potential financial impact of a slower Covid-19 pandemic recovery has been modelled in the plausible downside
scenarios. Even with these negative sensitivities for each region taken into account, the group’s cash position is still considered to remain strong, as we
have protected our liquidity by launching and pricing €700 million of fixed rate Euro and £400 million of fixed rate Sterling denominated bonds under
Diageo’s European Debt Issuance Programme. Mitigating actions, should they be required, are all within management’s control and could include
reductions in discretionary spending including acquisitions and capital expenditure, as well as a temporary suspension of the share buyback programme
and dividend payments in the next 12 months or drawdown on committed facilities. Having considered the outcome of these assessments, the Directors
are comfortable that the Company is a going concern for at least 12 months from the date of signing the company’s consolidated financial statements.

Conclusion
On the basis described above, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the group will be able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as
they fall due over the three-year period of their assessment.




                                                                                                                            Diageo Annual Report 2021              49
Responding to climate-related risks



Committed to combatting
climate change
We have a longstanding commitment to combatting                                      Our Executive Committee discusses climate change-related updates
climate change and the related issue of water stress.                                at least quarterly, and the Executive Sponsors formally update the
Since 2008, we have been working to decarbonise our                                  Board on climate risk quarterly including, where relevant, reviewing the
                                                                                     outputs of our climate change risk assessments and scenario analyses
value chain, implementing adaptation measures and
                                                                                     and overseeing any related decision-making. Any material financial
acting as champions for water stewardship around the                                 implications of climate risk and potential impacts on Diageo’s accounts,
world. This focus forms a key part of our strategic priorities,                      including performance and progress against non-financial metrics, are
which support the achievement of our ambition to be                                  also shared with the Audit Committee of the Board.
one of the best performing, most trusted and respected
consumer products companies in the world.                                            Given the rapidly increasing understanding of climate change and the
                                                                                     risks and opportunities for business, we continue to engage externally
Committed to action                                                                  to monitor good practice and keep pace with stakeholder expectations
The threats to our environment are urgent and growing, and the                       in this critical area. We are active members of the TCFD working group
world must, as defined by the Paris Agreement, ensure that the                       through the UN Global Compact and we also contributed to the
global temperature rises no more than 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels.             consultation by the United Kingdom’s Financial Reporting Council
We are committed to playing our part and championing policies that                   on climate risk reporting.
support the Paris Agreement. We are proud to be a signatory to the
                                                                                         For more details on climate risk governance within our risk management
Business Ambition for 1.5°C, which calls on companies to set ambitious                   framework, see our Effective risk management section, page 46
science-based emissions reduction targets, and we are committed to
achieving net zero carbon emissions from our direct operations (Scopes 1             Climate risk as part of remuneration
and 2) by 2030 and across our full value chain (Scope 3) by 2050 or earlier.         Given the importance of managing climate risk, factors relevant to it
                                                                                     are considered as part of the remuneration of our senior leaders. Specifically,
We welcome the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures                   the performance share element of the Long-Term Incentive Plan encourages
(TCFD) as an important step in increasing stakeholders’ and companies’               and rewards performance against an ESG measure (introduced in 2020, for
focus on climate change. We have incorporated the TCFD framework into                fiscal 2021 to 2023). It constitutes 20% of the performance share award,
our reporting and are accelerating efforts to mitigate climate change risks          which is granted to the Executive Committee as well as senior leaders
and identify opportunities for transitioning quickly to a low carbon future.         across the business. This ESG measure includes targets on carbon
                                                                                     emissions and water efficiency, which directly support mitigation of and
Climate change will be a major disruptor for decades to come. Both                   adaptation to climate change risk.
physical risks, such as changes in climate and acute weather events,
and transition risks, such as impacts on economies, changes in consumer                  For more details on how climate-related considerations are incorporated
                                                                                         into incentive plans, see the Remuneration report, pages 104-128
attitude, and regulatory developments, have the potential to affect all
businesses, including our own. Many are difficult to quantify, but we are
monitoring developments closely with the support of expert partners.
                                                                                              Board oversight                               Audit Committee
There are also elements highly relevant to our business which are easier to
assess now, such as water stress, the impact on the supply of raw materials
and the viability of our manufacturing sites and key supplier sites.
                                                                                          Executive Committee
We know that we cannot separate climate change from other issues such                          ownership
as water stress, biodiversity loss, poverty and inequality; all are closely linked
and threaten both the environment and the prosperity of communities
everywhere. We created our bold 10-year ESG action plan, ‘Society 2030:
                                                                                                               Executive sponsors
Spirit of Progress‘, in response to this challenge. It builds on the work we
                                                                                               President of Global Supply Chain and Procurement
have done since 2008 to decarbonise our value chain and mitigate the
                                                                                                          Corporate Relations Director
impact of water stress, and forms a key part of our response to both
mitigating and adapting to climate change risk.

     For more details on our ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress‘ strategy,                          Cross-functional Climate Risk Steering Group
     see our CEO’s statement
                                                                                       Corporate          Supply           Strategy            Risk          Finance
                                                                                       Relations
Governance
Climate change presents various economic, business and social risks
which will affect our business over the short, medium and longer term.
                                                                                         Supply Risk                       Brand                       Policy and
Given its importance, climate change is overseen at the highest level of
                                                                                       Mitigation Group                Sustainability                  Regulation
the company and integrated into business processes.
                                                                                                                          Council                     Working Group
The Diageo Board and Executive Committee are responsible for managing
climate change risks and opportunities, with Executive responsibility                    For more details on how the Board is engaged on climate risk,
                                                                                         see our governance section, page 91
shared jointly between the President of Global Supply Chain and
Procurement and the Corporate Relations Director. At an operational level,
they are supported by our cross-functional Climate Risk Steering Group
(see governance diagram on this page).


50        Diageo Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                               STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                                                                                                 annual plans at a global and market level. We develop mitigations based
Strategy and risk management                                                                                                     on these assessments, accompanied by internal controls to assure the
We have operations all over the world and are therefore exposed to a wide                                                        quality of risk management. This year, we built on that by conducting the
variety of physical and transition risks. Our strategy is influenced by the findings                                             next phase of our risk analysis and planning work on our global water
of our extensive climate change risk assessments and scenario analyses, which                                                    footprint, and by carrying out a detailed risk assessment and scenario
we continually improve as more data and insights become available. The                                                           analysis of our operations in Scotland and North America, as discussed
geographical provenance of certain products, such as Scotch and tequila,                                                         below. A key output is an approach that we will use to guide assessments
is key to their identity, so it has always been critical for us to proactively                                                   in other markets and regions in 2022 and beyond.
manage risks to supply and production in these locations.
                                                                                                                                 Our 2021 risk analysis and planning work
In adapting to the impacts of climate change, innovation is key, and our                                                         Guided by expert external partners, we completed three key pieces of
company-wide research and development programme incorporates                                                                     work this year:
climate considerations as a matter of course with sustainability built into
the decision-making process. But we want to go beyond internal research                                                          1. We updated our analysis of water-stressed sites around the world
and development, so this year we launched a new global programme,                                                                2. We carried out climate change risk assessments in North America
Diageo Sustainable Solutions, that invites innovators to work with us to                                                            and Scotland
develop their ideas for more sustainable and climate-resilient technologies                                                      3. We carried out scenario analyses of selected risks identified from
and practices across the supply chain. As part of this initiative, we will be                                                       both assessments.
looking particularly at renewable energy, water recycling technologies,
novel packaging and regenerative agriculture.                                                                                    1. Global analysis of water-stressed sites
                                                                                                                                 We have been conducting water risk assessments since 2008 and
                                                                                                                                 have taken extensive steps to mitigate risks to our water-stressed
   Activity before this year                                                                                                     sites as part of our sustainability and responsibility targets up to 2020,
                                                                                                                                 including improving water use efficiency and replenishing the water we
   Strong commitment to cutting carbon emissions,                                                                                use in our final product. We have updated our water risk assessments five
   increasing water efficiency and measuring and managing                                                                        times since 2008, most recently this year, when we carried out a detailed




                                                                           Continuous process of improvement, increased
   water stress. Climate change highlighted in our principal                                                                     examination of the effects of water stress on our own production and
   risks, sustainability and responsibility. Clear governance                                                                    packaging facilities. The map on page 54 shows our current global
   established for oversight of climate change risk.
                                                                                                                                 water stress footprint.

                                                                                                                                 2. Climate change risk assessments of our sites in North America
   2021 highlights
                                                                                                                                 and Scotland




                                                                       sophistication and further embedding into core business
   Climate change risk assessment and scenario analyses                                                                          We typically develop strategic plans, forecasts and viability statements
   in Scotland and North America, geographies which                                                                              for a three-year timeframe, sometimes longer in the case of major capital
   represent half of net sales value.                                                                                            investments. However, climate risk requires a longer-term view, because its
                                                                                                                                 impacts tend to be felt more gradually, while the work needed to mitigate
                                                                                                                                 its effects – renewable energy for example – will take years to come to
   2022 priorities                                                                                                               fruition. For our climate scenarios, therefore, we have chosen to use 2030
                                                                                                                                 and 2050 as our timeframe.




                                                                                decision-making and risk management
   Climate change risk assessment and scenario analysis
   planned for India and Africa, incorporating a more
                                                                                                                                 We conducted a detailed climate change risk assessment (CCRA)
   sophisticated approach building on work from 2021.
                                                                                                                                 this year in Scotland and North America. We chose these two regions
   Include Scope 3 emissions in our scenario analysis.
                                                                                                                                 for our first assessment, since they account for around half of our net
                                                                                                                                 sales value globally, are home to many of our manufacturing sites,
   Priorities for 2023 and beyond                                                                                                and have extensive global raw material supply chains. We established a
                                                                                                                                 cross-functional team of Diageo leaders and worked with external partners
   Refresh 2021 and 2022 analyses and extend to other                                                                            to develop an approach that would also work for future climate change
   material regions, applying learnings gathered during                                                                          risk assessments of other regions. The CCRA considered both the physical
   previous years to increase sophistication of analyses.                                                                        and the transition risks of climate change, with more detail on local
                                                                                                                                 physical risks as described on page 52.

Understanding and planning for climate-related impacts                                                                           For physical risks, we looked at medium and high temperature scenarios
Assessing climate-related risks and how best to report on them is a complex,                                                     for both 2030 and 2050. For transition risks, we examined the policy,
multi-year process, that must continue to adapt to the risks and opportunities                                                   technology, market and reputational impacts on our markets and
of transitioning to a low carbon world. We have gained experience in                                                             supply chain. See the diagram on page 52 for more details on the process.
assessing and responding to climate change impacts as part of our targets
up to 2020.

In 2020, we highlighted climate-related risk within our principal risk,
sustainability and responsibility (see page 46). Our approach to managing
our principal risks is holistic and integrated, with risk assessments built into




                                                                                                                                                                     Diageo Annual Report 2021           51
Responding to climate-related risks continued




     Physical risks
                                                                                                              Results of our CCRA
                                                                                                              Physical While the assessments indicate that physical risks
     Assessments                                                                                              will increase, meaning that we are likely to see more frequent
                                                                                                              disruption to our operations in both regions, the overall risk of
      Incoming materials                                                                                      climate change to North America and Scotland is reasonably
      189 supplier locations and 37 key agricultural commodities                                              low, for both time horizons. Specifically, while we are more
      – Raw materials (e.g. barley)                                                                           at risk of flooding, storms and higher temperatures in these
      – Intermediates (e.g. grain neutral spirit)                                                             regions, it is unlikely that any of our sites, or indeed our
      – Processed commodities (e.g. flavours)                                                                 suppliers’ assets, will be unable to operate. These risks are
      – Packaging materials (e.g. glass)                                                                      ones we already manage, but the CCRA gave us further
                                                                                                              insights into their severity and velocity, which allows us to
      Diageo sites and locations                                                                              improve our mitigation plans. While climate change poses a
                                                                                                              risk to raw material yields in some regions, there is also some
      – Diageo owned and operated sites in Scotland (47) and North                                            opportunity for increased yields in other regions.
        America (12) footprint including malting, distilling, maturation,
        packaging, office and engineering and coproduct plants (high level)                                   Transition The main risks identified relate to increased costs
      – Five sites of strategic importance in Scotland and four in North                                      of agricultural raw materials and packaging. Factors affecting
        America (more detailed)                                                                               the former include, for example, increasing energy costs at
                                                                                                              farms, sustainable land practices, and competition for land
      Domestic product distribution                                                                           from biofuel crops. Factors affecting the latter include the
      – Distribution of finished goods from Diageo sites including                                            rising cost of natural gas, United Kingdom/European Union
        market distribution and warehousing                                                                   carbon prices, and compliance and quality costs linked
      – Road, rail and ocean distribution routes in country of production                                     with packaging taxes. There are opportunities, however;
      – Ports (15 United Kingdom, six North America)                                                          for example innovating to reduce the carbon footprint of
                                                                                                              our products to make them more appealing to consumers,
     Time horizons                                                                                            who are increasingly interested in sustainable options.
      Present day                           2030                                  2050

     Temperature scenarios                                                                            3. Scenario analyses of selected risks
      Medium scenario                             High scenario                                       Using the findings from our CCRA in North America and Scotland, and the
      – +2°C to +3°C                              – +4°C to +5°C                                      results of our global analysis of water-stressed sites, we conducted climate
      – RCP14.5 pathway                           – RCP18.5 pathway                                   change scenario analyses in line with TCFD recommendations, looking
                                                                                                      particularly at 2030.

                                                                                                      We used three scenarios in this assessment: one focussed on the impacts
                                                                                                      of a low carbon transition (RCP2.6: 1°C to 2°C temperature rise) and
     Transition risks
                                                                                                      two focussed on the impacts of physical climate risk (RCP4.5: 2°C to 3°C
     Assessments                                                                                      temperature rise and RCP8.5: 4°C to 5°C temperature rise). For carbon
                                                                                                      pricing, we assessed the impact on our Scopes 1 and 2 emissions only.2
      Upstream supply chain
      – Agricultural materials                                                                        Scope and assumptions
      – Packaging materials                                                                           The scenarios we have modelled are useful for understanding the
                                                                                                      potential impacts of climate change on our business, but there are
      Diageo market and countries                                                                     limitations – such impacts are systemic and unpredictable. Scenario
                                                                                                      analysis requires us to pick specific factors and model them using
      – Production sites                                                                              fixed assumptions. However, there are many wider potential impacts –
                                                                                                      including opportunities – that we cannot capture from one type of
      Downstream supply chain                                                                         modelling. For this reason, we also look more broadly at possible physical
      – Distribution                                                                                  and transition risks and opportunities to our business from climate change,
      – Sales                                                                                         and work to integrate climate insights into our strategy and decision-
                                                                                                      making processes.
     Time horizons
                                                                                                      Assumptions Our scenario modelling is underpinned by several key
      Present day                           2025                                  2030                assumptions, principally that the risks assessed are based on a scenario
                                                                                                      without mitigation. The risks modelled under the different scenarios are
     Temperature scenarios                                                                            mutually exclusive; we have not assessed a situation where physical and
                                                                                                      transition risks occur in parallel. The first iteration of our scenario modelling
      – 1.5°C (Paris Agreement) RCP12.6                                                               assumes the business remains static (including our operating model,
      – 2°C (Government/policy)                                                                       current sourcing practices and sourcing volumes), and we have not
                                                                                                      factored in rising costs, such as passing on costs to our customers.
1. A representative concentration pathway (RCP) is a way of expressing the impact of global warming relating to the degree of warming of the Earth’s surface. Four pathways were developed for
   climate research by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) in 2014.
2. To measure and manage our carbon emissions, we follow the Greenhouse Gas Protocol global framework, which identifies three scopes of emissions. Scope 1 represents the direct emissions we
   create. Scope 2 represents the indirect emissions resulting from the use of electricity and energy to run our business. Scope 3 represents indirect emissions attributed to upstream and downstream
   activities involved in producing our brands.


52        Diageo Annual Report 2021
Our assessment of carbon emission pricing was informed by the Global             Summary of findings




                                                                                                                                                                STRATEGIC REPORT
Energy Outlook 2020 report from the International Energy Agency (IEA).           In the low carbon transition scenario, the main risk is carbon pricing
Based on IEA projections of the carbon price to limit warming to below           leading to increased costs. In both physical impact temperature scenarios,
2°C for 2025 and 2040, we extrapolated a carbon price of $88.67/tCO2e            the main risks arise from water stress, and include potential disruption to
for 2030, and used this price in evaluating the financial impacts of our         production and increased costs of agricultural inputs and other materials.
Scopes 1 and 2 emissions.                                                        The scenario analyses undertaken this year did not identify any material
                                                                                 financial impact.
Scope The scope of the scenario analysis was our assets and the key
raw materials used in 59 sites owned and/or operated by Diageo in North          Lack of data for long-term storm patterns limits our ability to predict
America and Scotland. The agricultural raw materials assessed account for        accurately the likelihood of some more extreme weather events
a large portion of our global raw material costs (barley, wheat, maize) or       occurring. Nonetheless, we monitor changing weather patterns in the
were identified as being most vulnerable to the effects of climate change        short term, and act to mitigate negative effects. We have well established
(sugar cane/molasses, vanilla).                                                  contingency plans aimed at securing alternative key material supplies at
                                                                                 short notice, to transfer or share production between manufacturing sites
For the transition risk scenario analysis, we considered the impact of a         where possible, and to substitute materials in products and recipes where
carbon tax on the following emissions from the agricultural sector:              it is possible to do so without altering the nature of the product. We have
                                                                                 a longstanding focus on building resiliency into our value chain including
1. Nitrous oxide emissions from the use of synthetic fertiliser                  long-term inventory planning and flood prevention to ensure critical
2. Methane from flooded rice cultivation                                         assets are protected. As we develop our understanding of the impact
3. Nitrous oxide and methane from the use of manure                              climate change may have on our business, we expect to extend this
4. Methane from enteric fermentation (digestive process by which                 value chain resilience planning to other parts of our business.
   carbohydrates are broken down by microorganisms).
                                                                                 Findings from scenario one: low carbon transition scenario,
For our global analysis of water stress, we assessed all operational             RCP2.6 (1°C to 2°C temperature rise)
production or packaging sites in water-stressed areas (see water stress          Under this scenario we examined the impact of the transition to a low
map on page 54). To assess its financial impact in 2030, we used WRI             carbon economy on our assets and on the key raw materials outlined
water stress scores to estimate the probability and duration of increased        above. Here, the impact mainly relates to increased raw material prices
downtime at water-stressed sites. Based on the predicted downtime we             resulting from the cost of low carbon land management practices and the
estimated the resulting lost sales.                                              increased cost of carbon emissions globally. We expect the impact of this
                                                                                 scenario to increase when Scope 3 emissions are assessed and incorporated
Limitations of the scenario analysis                                             in the analysis.
This exercise is not representative of the business as a whole and
additional risks and opportunities are likely to be identified once further      Findings from scenario two: intermediate warming scenario,
assessments have taken place. Nor can the results for Scotland and North         physical impact, RCP4.5 (2°C to 3°C temperature rise)
America be extrapolated to the rest of our business due to the diversity of      Under this scenario we examined the impact of a rise in temperature
our portfolio and the climates in which we operate.                              of 2-3°C on our assets in North America and Scotland as outlined above,
                                                                                 and on all our water-stressed sites across the world.




     Impact to 2030
                                                   Transition risk                                             Physical risk
     Scenario analysis
     parameters                             1                                     2                                     3
                                           Low warming                          Intermediate warming                   Extreme warming
                                           RCP2.6                               RCP4.5                                 RCP8.5

     Temperature rise                      1°C to 2°C                           2°C to 3°C                             4°C to 5°C
     Impact                                Directly-owned assets in Scotland and North America

                                           In scope                             In scope                               In scope

                                           Priority agricultural raw materials in Scotland and North America

                                           In scope                             N/A                                    In scope

                                           All water-stressed sites globally

                                           N/A                                  In scope                               In scope




                                                                                                                        Diageo Annual Report 2021          53
Responding to climate-related risks continued




The key risks we identified to assets were physical – namely exposure                                   Water-stressed sites For all our water-stressed sites, the results under this
to extreme weather events. Such events can have a wide range of                                         scenario were very similar to those observed under scenario two, because:
impacts, all of which are likely to be exacerbated by climate change.
Extreme weather can principally affect Diageo financially in two ways: first,                           – The emissions trajectory of RCP4.5 and RCP8.5 are not significantly
through disrupting operations by damaging assets or increasing running                                    different until 2030
costs, and second through loss of potential revenue as a result of site                                 – The mitigation actions under RCP4.5 will only start to produce
closure or production disruption.                                                                         discernibly different outcomes after 2030.

This analysis examined the financial impact from flood risk. While a                                    In the case of severe warming, we might expect a further risk owing to
quantitative assessment of storm impact was not possible due to the                                     GDP reduction in the market resulting from factors such as migration due
lack of available climate data at the time of the report, the scenario analysis                         to climate change.
did highlight those sites most at risk. The only site deemed to be at high
risk of storm damage is our distillery in St Croix, an island located in the                            Future risk analysis and planning work
Eastern Caribbean vulnerable to hurricanes.                                                             In the first half of next year we will explore opportunities to broaden
                                                                                                        the geographical reach of the risk analysis and scenario work we did this
Diageo’s production sites in water-stressed areas are exposed to potential                              year, with assessments of our operations in India and Africa. From 2023,
disruption if demand for water exceeds the available amount during a                                    we aim to do the same in our remaining markets. We will also evaluate
certain period or if poor quality restricts its use. The potential impact by                            opportunities to increase the scope of our work and refine our scenario
2030 of such disruptions was assessed as loss in profit due to production                               analysis model, including testing multiple scenarios, sensitivities and
downtime or impact on efficiency, which may affect both volume and costs.                               timeframes. This will enhance our risk management and climate change
                                                                                                        decision-making processes and inform our future strategy.
Findings from scenario three: Extreme warming scenario,
physical impact, RCP8.5 (4°C to 5°C temperature rise)                                                   Researching consumers’ attitudes to climate change
Under this scenario we examined the impact of an extreme rise in                                        Beyond our climate change risk assessment, we consider consumers’
temperatures of 4-5°C on the same assets, raw materials and water-                                      attitudes through the work of our Brand Sustainability Council. Our
stressed sites outlined in scenario two.                                                                research to date has identified a significant increase in consumers’
                                                                                                        concerns about the climate crisis. Concerns are translating into action,
Assets The financial modelling of acute weather and chronic climate                                     with a rise in consumers reducing, reusing and recycling packaging
change on our assets under this scenario indicates a more severe impact                                 across all food and beverage categories, as well as considering the
than under scenario two.                                                                                impact of their choices in terms of energy and water used, transport and
                                                                                                        waste. Consumers are motivated by what matters most to them through
Raw materials The results show an increase in the cost of those raw                                     personal experience, such as pollution and packaging. Beyond their own
materials that would be less readily available in certain areas due to                                  actions, consumers expect businesses and governments to act to make
the impact of climate change. We assumed that we would be able to                                       the systemic changes needed for the world to combat climate change.
substitute the scarce material with the same material obtained from a                                   We are committed to continually improving the sustainability of our
different area, at a higher price.1                                                                     brands and communicating their sustainability credentials in clear,
                                                                                                        compelling ways.


      Diageo sites located in water-stressed areas                                                                           Sites
                                                                                                                             1. Meta Abo, Ethiopia         25. Pioneer, India
                                                                                                                             2. Achimota, Ghana            26. Rosa, India
                                                                                                           24                3. Kaase, Ghana               27. Udaipur, India
                                                                                                                             4. East Africa Maltings,      28. Seramore, India
                                                                                                            21
                                                                                                                 26
                                                                                                                                 Kenya                     29. Sovereign, India
                                                                                                 15
                                                                                                                      28     5. Kisumu, Kenya              30. LKJ Packaging, Indonesia
                                                                                       23
                                                                                            27        16                     6. Tusker, Kenya              31. El Charcon, Mexico
                                                                                                      25                     7. Marracuene,                32. Agricultural lands,
                                                                                                            22
                                                                                             17
                                                                                                           20
                                                                                                                                 Mozambique                    Guadalajara, Mexico
                                                                                                   18
                                                                                                 29
                                                                                                                             8. Lagos, Nigeria             33. La Primavera, Mexico
                                                                 41
                                                                                                                             9. Seybrew, Seychelles        34. Agricultural lands,
                                                           40                                         19
                                                    39          42                                                           10. Isipingo, South Africa        Céara, Brazil
                                                                      43                                                     11. Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania   35. Itaitinga, Brazil
                                                                 44
                                                                                                                             12. Moshi, Tanzania           36. Maracanaú, Brazil
            31                                                                                                               13. Mwanza, Tanzania          37. Messejana, Brazil
                                               3                12            1
                               34                                                                                            14. Kampala, Uganda
             32                     35                14
                                                                          6
                                                                                                                                                           38. Paraipaba, Céara, Brazil
                                                                                  5     30
                 33
                                         36
                                               2
                                                      13
                                                                              4
                                                                                                                             15. Alwar, India              39. Alaşehir, Turkey
                                          37               11         9                                                      16. Aurangabad, India         40. Acıpayam, Turkey
                                               8
                                          38         7                                                                       17. Baramati, India           41. Karaman, Turkey
                                                                10
                                                                                                                             18. Hospet, India             42. Nevşehir, Turkey
                                                                                                                             19. Kumbalgodu, India         43. Taşel, Turkey
                                                                                                                             20. Malkajgiri, India         44. Tarsus, Turkey
                                                                                                                             21. Meerut, India
                                                                                                                             22. Nacharam, India
                                                                                                                             23. Nasik, India
                                                                                                                             24. Pathankot, India


1. We manage commodity price risks through forward-buying of traded commodities and other hedging mechanisms. We also explore the use of alternative raw materials. For example sorghum,
   a crop more resilient to climate change than the more commonly-used barley, is the mainstay of our new brewery in Kenya.



54       Diageo Annual Report 2021
Metrics and targets1



                                                                                                                                                                                    STRATEGIC REPORT
We understand that managing climate change risk effectively and taking            Engage in collective action in all of        Percentage of priority            15%
advantage of opportunities in transitioning to a low carbon world means           our priority water basins to improve         water basins with
developing robust adaptation and mitigation plans. We also know we                water accessibility, availability and        collective action
must be flexible and quick to adapt because regulatory and legal change           quality and contribute to a net              participation
is on the horizon, as governments consider questions such as further              positive water impact
carbon taxes which could affect our financial performance.
                                                                                  Water stress is not a fixed state, however, so we will carry out global
Our ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ strategy includes stretching goals
                                                                                  assessments every two to three years to make sure we are addressing
which directly help us respond to climate change risks and opportunities
                                                                                  the issue properly. Where sites are newly classified as water-stressed, they
across our value chain. It is deliberately bold to prompt us to act decisively,
                                                                                  will be included in our more stretching targets for water efficiency and
and to give us the credibility to be an advocate for climate action in the
                                                                                  replenishment. This year, we added three countries to the list to those
wider world. Our annual targets to achieve net zero by 2030 in Scope 1
                                                                                  defined as water-stressed: Indonesia, Mexico and Turkey.
and 2 emissions have been calculated in accordance with the principles
of Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and have been submitted to
                                                                                  Carbon emissions (Scopes 1 and 2) by region by year
the SBTi for validation. This year we have made progress in line with our
                                                                                  (1,000 tonnes CO2e)2,3,4
expectations and are on track to achieve this goal. Our Scope 3 target of
net zero by 2050 is also aligned with the principles of the SBTi.                                                                                              2020
                                                                                  Region                                                          2019     (baseline)      2021
Science-based carbon targets                                                      North America                                                     54         128         128
By 2030, we commit to:                                                            Europe and Turkey                                               234          153         128
                                                                 2021             Africa                                                          198          166         182
Target                              KPI                          performance      Latin America and Caribbean                                       18           23          27
Becoming net zero carbon            Percentage reduction in      5.1%  Δ          Asia Pacific                                                      48           37          16
in our direct operations            absolute GHG (ktCO2e)                         Diageo (total)                                                  552          507         481Δ
(Scopes 1 and 2)                                                                  United Kingdom                                                  167            85          70

Reducing our value chain            Percentage reduction in      -2.1%
(Scope 3) emissions by 50%          absolute GHG (ktCO2e)                         Water efficiency by region by year3,5

Using 100% renewable energy         Percentage of renewable 36%                   Region                                                          2019
                                                                                                                                                               2020
                                                                                                                                                           (baseline)      2021
across our direct operations        energy across our direct
                                                                                  North America                                                   5.29         5.33        4.91
                                    operations
                                                                                  Europe and Turkey                                               5.31         5.10        5.10
                                                                                  Africa                                                          4.33         4.21        3.58
We are working hard to deliver our plan to reach our Scopes 1 and 2
                                                                                  Latin America and Caribbean                                     4.65         5.02        5.15
net zero carbon target by 2030. It includes capital investment plans and
internal interim targets for all Diageo sites which are linked to senior          Asia Pacific                                                    3.56         3.95        3.58
leadership remuneration. We track progress against these targets internally       Diageo (total)                                                  4.71         4.66       4.30Δ
each month, and have strategic reviews twice a year, which are used to
inform our planning.                                                              1. Baseline year for ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ targets is 2020 unless otherwise stated
                                                                                  2. CO2e figures are calculated using the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol guidance available at
                                                                                     the beginning of our financial year; the kWh/CO2e conversion factor provided by energy
Water efficiency and replenishment targets                                           suppliers; the relevant factors to the country of operation; or the International Energy
As a beverage business, robust water stewardship is a critical part of               Agency, as applicable
adapting successfully to climate change. We have set a number of water            3. 2020 baseline data, and data for the periods ended 30 June 2020 and 2019, have been
                                                                                     restated in accordance with the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol and Diageo’s environmental
targets for 2030 or earlier, focussing particularly on water-stressed areas:         reporting methodologies
                                                                                  4. Diageo UK total direct and indirect carbon emissions were 69,748, comprising direct
                                                                 2021                emissions (Scope 1) of 69,748 and indirect emissions (Scope 2) of 0. The intensity ratio
Target                               KPI                         performance         was 69 grams/litre packaged. The UK total energy consumption was 1,055,666MWh,
                                                                                     comprising 919,173MWh of direct energy and 136,493MWh of indirect energy.
Reduce water use in our              Percentage                  7.7%Δ            5. In accordance with our environmental reporting methodologies, total water used excludes
operations with a 40%                improvement in litres                           irrigation water for agricultural purposes on land under our operational control
                                                                                  Δ Within PwC’s independent limited assurance scope. Please refer to the reporting methodologies
improvement in water use             of water used per litre                         in our ESG Reporting Index for more information on how data has been compiled,
efficiency in water-stressed         of packaged product                             including standards and assumptions used.
areas and 30% improvement
across the company                                                                We report on our performance against our ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’
                                                                                  targets in full on pages 38-41. Our overall approach to risk management is
Replenish more water than we use Percentage of                   12.7%            described further on pages 45-48. A commitment to pioneering grain-to-
for our operations in 100% of sites water replenished                             glass sustainability is central to our strategy – read about our approach on
in water-stressed areas by 2026     in water-stressed areas                       pages 34-35. Our ESG Reporting Index contains more detailed disclosures
                                                                                  aligned with the GRI, SASB and UN Global Compact reporting frameworks.
Invest in improving access to        Percentage of water-        89%
clean water, sanitation, and         stressed markets with
hygiene (WASH) in communities        investment in WASH
near our sites and local sourcing
areas in 100% of our water-
stressed markets



                                                                                                                                Diageo Annual Report 2021                     55
Group financial review



Fiscal 21 organic net sales were up 16%,
with all regions growing above prior year level
                                                                                                         “Our business has seen strong recovery in top line performance from the
                                                                                                         impact of the Covid-19 pandemic with net sales above pre-Covid fiscal 19
                                                                                                         levels, driven by our quick pivot to changes in consumer occasions and
                                                                                                         behaviours. As a result, in fiscal 21 organic net sales were up 16%, with
                                                                                                         all regions growing above prior year levels. Our marketing investment
                                                                                                         grew ahead of sales as we up weighted investment in the markets and
                                                                                                         categories with positive growth momentum and quickly responded to
                                                                                                         channel shifts and the increase in at-home occasions.

                                                                                                         “Operating margin expanded 46bps primarily driven by overhead
                                                                                                         efficiencies and lapping one-off expenses in the prior year. We generated
                                                                                                         £3.0 billion in free cash flow through disciplined actions, further strengthening
                                                                                                         Diageo’s liquidity position to ensure our ability to continue to invest for
                                                                                                         long term sustainable growth. While the environment remains volatile,
                                                                                                         our strategy, which remains relevant, combined with our agile and
                                                                                                         high-performance culture, give me confidence that we are well-positioned
                                                                                                         to drive growth and continue to create value for all of our stakeholders.”
         Reported net sales                        Organic operating
         increased                                 profit grew                                           Lavanya Chandrashekar
                                                                                                         Chief Financial Officer
         8.3%                                      17.7%
         driven by organic growth.                 Net cash from operating                               Summary financial information
                                                   activities was
                                                                                                                                                                                    2021      2020
         Reported operating
         profit was up                             £3.7bn                                                Volume
                                                                                                         Net sales
                                                                                                                                                                  EUm
                                                                                                                                                               £ million
                                                                                                                                                                                   238.4
                                                                                                                                                                                  12,733
                                                                                                                                                                                             217.0
                                                                                                                                                                                            11,752
         74.6%                                     Free cash flow was                                    Marketing                                             £ million           2,163     1,841

         driven by growth in                       £3.0bn                                                Operating profit before exceptional items
                                                                                                         Exceptional operating items1
                                                                                                                                                               £ million
                                                                                                                                                               £ million
                                                                                                                                                                                   3,746
                                                                                                                                                                                     (15)
                                                                                                                                                                                             3,494
                                                                                                                                                                                            (1,357)
         organic operating profit                                                                        Operating profit                                      £ million           3,731     2,137
         and reduction in exceptional              Basic eps of
                                                                                                         Share of associate and joint venture profit
         operating items.
                                                   113.8p                                                after tax
                                                                                                         Non-operating exceptional items1
                                                                                                                                                               £ million
                                                                                                                                                               £ million
                                                                                                                                                                                     334
                                                                                                                                                                                      14
                                                                                                                                                                                               282
                                                                                                                                                                                               (23)
         Organic results improved
         with volume growth of                     was up 89.4%                                          Net finance charges                                   £ million            (373)     (353)
                                                                                                         Exceptional taxation (charge)/credit1                 £ million             (84)      154
         11%                                       Eps before exceptional
                                                   items increased
                                                                                                         Tax rate including exceptional items                          %            24.5      28.8
                                                                                                         Tax rate before exceptional items                             %            22.2      21.7
         Organic net sales
         growth of                                 7.4%                                                  Profit attributable to parent
                                                                                                         company’s shareholders                                £ million           2,660     1,409

         16%                                       to 117.5 pence                                        Basic earnings per share
                                                                                                         Basic earnings per share before
                                                                                                                                                                 pence             113.8      60.1

                                                                                                         exceptional items                                        pence            117.5     109.4
                                                                                                         Recommended full year dividend                           pence            72.55     69.88

                                                                                                         1. For further details of exceptional items see pages 151-152




                                                Volume                                 Net sales1                              Operating profit2                         Operating profit
                                                                                                                                                                         before exceptionals3
North America                                                  53.2                                                5,209                                  2,237                              2,237

Europe and Turkey                                          42.7                                  2,558                              620                                     635

Africa                                                 31.8                              1,412                                     171                                     171

Latin America and Caribbean                        23.1                                1,046                                         303                                    303

Asia Pacific                                                                87.6                 2,488                              608                                    608


1. Excluding corporate net sales of £20 million (2020 – £38 million)
2. Excluding net corporate cost of £208 million (2020 – £147 million)
3. Excluding exceptional operating charges of £15 million (2020 – £1,357 million) and net corporate operating costs of £208 million (2020 – £147 million)




56         Diageo Annual Report 2021
                                                                                         Operating                                                                                                              Operating




                                                                                                                                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                        Volume     Net sales Marketing      profit1                                                                          Volume     Net sales Marketing        profit1
                                                             %            %          %           %                                                                                %            %          %             %
North America                                              10           13         29           10     North America                                                            11          20          34           17
Europe and Turkey                                           6            –         11          (16)    Europe and Turkey                                                         7           4          13            (5)
Africa                                                     10            5          5           69     Africa                                                                   18          20          14          101
Latin America and Caribbean                                22           15          4           22     Latin America and Caribbean                                              22          30          18           63
Asia Pacific                                                9           10         15           21     Asia Pacific                                                              9          14          16           22
Diageo – reported growth by region2                        10            8         17            7     Diageo – organic growth by region2                                       11          16          23           18

1. Before exceptional operating items
2. Includes Corporate. In the year ended 30 June 2021 corporate net sales were £20 million (2020 – £38 million). Net corporate operating costs were £208 million (2020 – £147 million)


Net sales (£ million)                                                                                  Free cash flow (£ million)
Reported net sales grew 8.3%                                                                           Generated £3,654 million from operating activities1 and
Organic net sales grew 16.0%                                                                           £3,037 million free cash flow.
Reported net sales grew by 8.3%, driven by strong organic growth, partially offset                     Net cash from operating activities was £3,654 million, an increase of £1,334 million
by unfavourable foreign exchange.                                                                      compared to fiscal 20. Free cash flow increased by £1,403 million to £3,037 million.
Organic net sales growth of 16.0%, following a decline in fiscal 20, reflects organic                  This was driven by an increase in operating profit, working capital management
volume growth of 11.2% and positive price mix of 4.8%. All regions grew organic                        and receipt of a delayed 2019 dividend from associates, partially offset by an
net sales, driven by strong consumer demand in the off-trade channel and a partial                     unfavourable movement in foreign exchange. Working capital benefitted from
recovery of the on-trade channel in key markets. Growth was particularly strong                        a large increase in creditors relative to the end of June 2020, when the creditor
in North America. Positive price mix was primarily driven by strong premiumisation                     balance was particularly low as a result of reduced volumes and cost control
trends, particularly in North America and Greater China, and price increases in                        measures. Creditors increased in fiscal 21 due to improved business performance
Latin America and Caribbean. Net sales benefitted from lapping a reduction                             and increased investment in marketing. Debtors and inventory levels also increased
in inventory levels by our customers in fiscal 20 and the replenishment of stock                       but to a lesser extent.
levels by distributors and retailers in North America in fiscal 21, partially offset
by continued destocking in Travel Retail.
                                                  564     12,733        Exchange1                                                                                      316      3,037
                                                                                                                                                                                            Exchange2
                                       1,296
11,752                                                                  Acquisitions and disposals                                                      49                                  Operating profit3
                                                                                                                                 659         73
                                                                        Reclassification2                                                                                                   Working capital4
          (800)     (65)      (14)                                      Volume                                                                                 (43)                         Capex
                                                                        Price/mix                                       655                                                                 Tax
                                           Organic                                                     1,634                                                                                Interest
                                          movement
                                                                                                                                                                                            Other5
                                                                                                               (306)




2020                                                       2021
                                                                                                       2020                                                                     2021

1. Exchange rate movements reflect the adjustment to recalculate the reported results                  1. Net cash from operating activities excludes net capex and movements in loans and other
   as if they had been generated at the prior period weighted average exchange rates                      investments (2021 – £(617) million; 2020 – £(686) million)
2. For the year ended 30 June 2021, £14 million has been reclassified from cost of goods               2. Exchange on operating profit before exceptional items
   sold to excise duties                                                                               3. Operating profit excludes exchange, depreciation and amortisation, post employment
                                                                                                          charges and other non-cash items
                                                                                                       4. Working capital movement includes maturing inventory
                                                                                                       5. Other items include post employment payments, dividends received from associates
                                                                                                          and joint ventures, and movements in loans and other investments


Operating profit (£ million)                                                                           Return on average invested capital (%)1
Reported operating profit grew 74.6%                                                                   ROIC increased 112bps
Organic operating profit grew 17.7%                                                                    ROIC increased 112bps against fiscal 20 driven mainly by organic operating profit
Reported operating profit increased 74.6%, primarily due to a significant                              growth, partially offset by increased tax and unfavourable exchange.
reduction in exceptional operating items compared to fiscal 20, and growth
in organic operating profit. This was partially offset by the negative impact from
adverse exchange rate movements.3
Organic operating profit grew 17.7% ahead of organic net sales, driven by growth
in all regions except Europe and Turkey.
                                                  627      3,731        Exceptional operating items1                                   279        19                                        Exchange
          1,342                                                                                                                        bps        bps                  17
                                                                        Exchange                                                                                       bps     13.5%        Acquisitions and disposals
                                                                        Acquisitions and disposals     12.4%                                                                                Organic operating profit
                                                                        FVA2                                                                                 (87)
                    (306)     (31)      (38)                                                                                                                 bps                            Associates and joint ventures
2,137                                                                   Organic movement                         (83)     (33)                                                              Tax
                                                                                                                 bps      bps                                                               Other




2020                                                       2021
                                                                                                       2020                                                                     2021

1. For further details on exceptional operating items see pages 151-152                                1. ROIC calculation excludes exceptional operating items from operating profit
2. Fair value remeasurements. For further details see page 60
3. For further details on exchange rate movements see page 145

                                                                                                                                                                    Diageo Annual Report 2021                          57
Group financial review continued




Basic earnings per share (pence)                                                                                              Operating margin (%)
Basic eps increased 89.4% from 60.1 pence to 113.8 pence                                                                      Reported operating margin increased 1,112bps
Basic eps before exceptional items increased 7.4% from 109.4 pence                                                            Organic operating margin increased 46bps
to 117.5 pence                                                                                                                Reported operating margin increased 1,112bps, mainly driven by a significant
Basic eps increased 53.7 pence due to significantly lower exceptional items after tax                                         reduction in exceptional operating items compared to fiscal 20 and to a lesser
and an increase in organic operating profit. This increase was partially offset by the                                        extent by an increase in organic operating margin. This was partially offset by
impact from unfavourable exchange and higher tax charges.                                                                     unfavourable exchange and fair value remeasurement.
Basic eps before exceptional items increased 8.1 pence, primarily driven by an                                                Organic operating margin increased 46bps, driven by overhead efficiencies
increase in organic operating profit, partially offset by unfavourable exchange                                               and lapping one-off expenses in fiscal 20 related to the operating environment
and to a lesser extent increased tax.                                                                                         disruption, partially offset by gross margin decline and upweighted marketing
                                                                                                                              spend. In fiscal 21, we have upweighted marketing investment in the markets and
                                                                                                                              categories with positive growth momentum, quickly responding to channel shifts
                                                                                                                              and the increase in at-home occasions.
                                                                                                                              Gross margin declined 40bps driven by adverse mix, especially in our Guinness
                                                                                                                              beer business, which was impacted by channel and market mix. Supply productivity
                                                                                                                              and improved fixed cost absorption from volume growth largely offset inflation and
                                                                                                                              one-off costs in the year.
                                                                                         Exceptional items after tax1                 1143                                          177
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Exceptional operating items1
                              26.7   2.2   0.1                                           Exchange on operating profit                  bps                                          bps    29.3%       Exchange
                                                         0.1                 113.8
        45.6                                                                             Acquisitions and disposals2                                                                                   Acquisitions and disposals
                                                 (4.0)         (1.0) (1.5)                                                                      (46)   (7)   (24)    (40)
                                                                                         Organic operating                                      bps    bps   bps     bps
                                                                                                                                                                            (91)                       Other2
                                                                                                                                                                            bps
                                                                                         profit growth                                                                                                 Gross margin
               (13.1) (1.4)                                                                                                   18.2%
                                                                                         Associates and joint                                                                                          Marketing
60.1
                                                                                         ventures                                                                                                      Other operating items
                                                                                         Finance charges3
                                                                                         Tax4
                                                                                         Share buyback2
                                                                                         Non-controlling interests
                                                                                         FVA5
2020                                                                         2021                                             2020                                                         2021

1.     For further details on exceptional items see pages 151-152                                                             1. For further details on exceptional operating items see pages 151-152
2.     Includes finance charges net of tax                                                                                    2. Fair value remeasurements and reclassification. For the year ended 30 June 2021,
3.     Excludes finance charges related to acquisitions, disposals and share buyback                                             £14 million has been reclassified from cost of goods sold to excise duties. For further
4.     Excludes tax related to acquisitions, disposals and share buyback                                                         details on fair value remeasurements see page 60.
5.     Fair value remeasurements. For further details see page 60.



Income statement
                                                                                                                        Acquisitions and                               Fair value
                                                                                   2020            Exchange (a)            disposals (b)     Organic movement1 remeasurement (d)          Reclassification2                2021
                                                                                £ million              £ million                £ million             £ million         £ million                £ million              £ million
Sales                                                                           17,697                  (1,317)                   (105)                 2,878                    –                     –                19,153
Excise duties                                                                   (5,945)                    517                      40                 (1,018)                   –                   (14)               (6,420)
Net sales                                                                       11,752                    (800)                    (65)                 1,860                    –                   (14)               12,733
Cost of sales                                                                    (4,654)                   325                      59                   (773)                  (9)                   14                (5,038)
Gross profit                                                                      7,098                   (475)                     (6)                 1,087                   (9)                    –                 7,695
Marketing                                                                        (1,841)                   105                      (9)                  (417)                  (1)                    –                (2,163)
Other operating items                                                            (1,763)                    64                     (16)                   (43)                 (28)                    –                (1,786)
Operating profit before exceptional items                                         3,494                   (306)                    (31)                   627                  (38)                    –                 3,746
Exceptional operating items (c)                                                  (1,357)                                                                                                                                   (15)
Operating profit                                                                  2,137                                                                                                                                  3,731
Non-operating items (c)                                                              (23)                                                                                                                                   14
Net finance charges                                                                (353)                                                                                                                                  (373)
Share of after tax results of associates and
joint ventures                                                                         282                                                                                                                                 334
Profit before taxation                                                               2,043                                                                                                                               3,706
Taxation (e)                                                                          (589)                                                                                                                               (907)
Profit for the year                                                                  1,454                                                                                                                               2,799

1. For the definition of organic movement see page 74
2. In the year ended 30 June 2021, £14 million has been reclassified from cost of good sold to excise duties




58             Diageo Annual Report 2021
(a) Exchange                                                                         In the year ended 30 June 2021, an additional gain of $4 million




                                                                                                                                                                        STRATEGIC REPORT
The impact of movements in exchange rates on reported figures for                    (£3 million) (2020 – £83 million) was recognised in exceptional operating
net sales and operating profit is principally in respect of the translation          items for excess receipts in respect of substitution drawback claims on
exchange impact of the strengthening of sterling against the US dollar,              prior year accruals.
the Brazilian real, the Indian rupee and the Turkish lira, partially offset by
the weakening of sterling against the euro.                                          In the year ended 30 June 2020, an impairment charge of £1,345 million
                                                                                     was recognised in exceptional operating items, comprising of £655 million
The effect of movements in exchange rates and other movements                        in respect of the India cash-generating unit containing the India goodwill,
on profit before exceptional items and taxation for the year ended                   £116 million in respect of the USL popular brands category (Old Tavern
30 June 2021 is set out in the table below.                                          brand £78 million and Bagpiper brand £38 million) and £1 million in
                                                                                     respect of fixed assets in India; £434 million in respect of the Windsor
                                                                            Gains/
                                                                          (losses)
                                                                                     Premier brand; £84 million in respect of the group’s Nigerian tangible
                                                                         £ million   fixed assets; and £55 million in respect of the group’s Ethiopian
Translation impact                                                          (207)    tangible fixed assets.
Transaction impact                                                           (99)
Operating profit before exceptional items                                   (306)    In line with the group’s accounting policy, given the unusual nature
                                                                                     and magnitude of the below items, these were reported as exceptional
Net finance charges                                                           12
                                                                                     operating items in the year ended 30 June 2020:
Associates – translation impact                                                4
Profit before exceptional items and taxation                                (290)    i. Diageo launched the ‘Raising the Bar’ programme, including a
                                                                                          commitment of $100 million (£81 million) over a period of up to two
                                                    Year ended         Year ended         years from 1 July 2020, to support pubs and bars to recover following
                                                   30 June 2021       30 June 2020
                                                                                          the Covid-19 pandemic. Diageo also provided other forms of support
Exchange rates
                                                                                          to help the communities and the industry which amounted to
  Translation £1 =                                      $1.35              $1.26
                                                                                          £8 million.
  Transaction £1 =                                      $1.34              $1.35     ii. An exceptional charge of £30 million was recognised in respect of
  Translation £1 =                                      €1.13              €1.14          obsolete inventories that had been or were expected to be destroyed
  Transaction £1 =                                      €1.14              €1.12          as a direct consequence of the Covid-19 pandemic. The amount
                                                                                          comprised of a £23 million inventory provision and £7 million directly
(b) Acquisitions and disposals                                                            attributable to handling and destruction costs.
The acquisitions and disposals movement was primarily attributable to                iii. An estimated benefit of $105 million (£83 million) for substitution
the acquisition of Aviation Gin LLC (‘Aviation Gin’) and Davos Brands LLC                 drawback claims that had been filed and were to be filed with
(‘Davos Brands’) in the year ended 30 June 2021 and to the impact of prior                the US Government in relation to prior years was recognised in
year’s disposals.                                                                         exceptional operating items.

    See pages 157-158 for further details                                            An assessment was issued by the Korea Tax Authority in the year ended
                                                                                     30 June 2020 that resulted in the reversal of the prior year’s provision in
(c) Exceptional items                                                                the amount of £24 million. The corresponding income was recognised
Exceptional operating items in the year ended 30 June 2021 were                      as an exceptional operating item, consistent with the charge in relation
£15 million loss before tax (2020 – £1,357 million).                                 to the initial provision in the year ended 30 June 2019.

In the year ended 30 June 2021, based on recent developments, an                     Non-operating items in the year ended 30 June 2021 were £14 million
additional provision of TRY 156 million (£15 million) was recorded as an             income before tax (2020 – £23 million loss).
exceptional item in respect of ongoing litigation in Turkey, bringing the
provision’s balance to TRY 272 million (£23 million) following a settlement          In the year ended 30 June 2021, ZAR 209 million (£10 million) of deferred
of TRY 15 million (£1 million) during the year.                                      consideration was paid to Diageo in respect of the sale of United National
                                                                                     Breweries, the full amount of which represented a non-operating gain
On 20 November 2020, the High Court of Justice of England and Wales                  (2020 – loss of £32 million).
issued a ruling that requires schemes to equalise pension benefits for men
and women for the calculation of their guaranteed minimum pension liability          Certain United Spirits Limited subsidiaries were sold in the year ended
(GMP) on historic transfers out, which resulted in an additional liability of        30 June 2021. The sale of businesses resulted in an exceptional gain of
£5 million. The corresponding expense was recognised as an exceptional               £3 million.
operating item, consistent with the charge in relation to the initial GMP
ruling in the year ended 30 June 2019.                                               In the year ended 30 June 2021, the group reversed $2 million (£1 million)
                                                                                     (2020 – £2 million) from provisions in relation to the sale of a portfolio of
An exceptional charge of $6 million (£5 million) was recognised as part              19 brands to Sazerac on 20 December 2018.
of the ‘Raising the Bar’ programme, in addition to the commitment of
$100 million (£81 million) announced in the year ended 30 June 2020.                 In the year ended 30 June 2020, Diageo completed the acquisition of
The additional charge represents the re-investment of corporate tax benefit          Seedlip and Anna Seed 83 and acquired controlling interests in certain
in the fund in certain markets, where a corporate tax deduction is available.        Distill Ventures entities. As a result of these entities becoming subsidiaries
In the year ended 30 June 2021, an inventory provision of £7 million was             of the group a gain of £8 million arose, being the difference between the
released (2020 – a charge of £30 million) in respect of inventories that had         book value of the associates prior to the transaction and their fair value.
earlier been expected to be returned and destroyed as a consequence of
the Covid-19 pandemic, resulting in an exceptional gain. Given the original          In the year ended 30 June 2020, the disposal of an associate, Equal Parts,
charge was classified as an exceptional item in the year ended 30 June 2020,         LLC resulted in an exceptional loss of £1 million.
the change to the provision was also classified as exceptional.
                                                                                         See page 74 for the definition of exceptional items


                                                                                                                              Diageo Annual Report 2021            59
Group financial review continued




(d) Fair value remeasurement                                                   year ended 30 June 2021, to be put to the shareholders for approval
The adjustment to cost of sales reflects the elimination of fair value         at the Annual General Meeting is 44.59 pence, an increase of 5% on the
changes for biological assets in respect of growing agave plants of a          prior year final dividend. This brings the full year dividend to 72.55 pence
£9 million gain for the year ended 30 June 2020. The adjustments to            per share, an increase of 4% on the prior year. We will keep future returns
marketing and other operating expenses are the elimination of fair value       of capital, including dividends, under review through year ending 30 June
changes to contingent consideration liabilities and earn out arrangements      2022 to ensure we allocate Diageo’s capital in the best way to maximize
in respect of prior year acquisitions of £36 million loss for the year ended   value for the business and our stakeholders.
30 June 2021 and £7 million loss for the year ended 30 June 2020.
                                                                               Subject to approval by shareholders, the final dividend will be paid to
(e) Taxation                                                                   holders of ordinary shares and US ADRs on register as of 27 August 2021.
The reported tax rate for the year ended 30 June 2021 was 24.5%                The ex-dividend date both for the holders of the ordinary shares and for
compared with 28.8% for the year ended 30 June 2020.                           US ADR holders is 26 August 2021. The final dividend, once approved
                                                                               by shareholders, will be paid to shareholders on 7 October 2021 and
On 24 May 2021, legislation was substantively enacted in the UK to             payment to US ADR holders will be made on 13 October 2021. A dividend
increase the corporate tax rate to 25% with effect from 1 April 2023.          reinvestment plan is available to holders of ordinary shares in respect of
As a result of the change, an exceptional tax charge of £46 million            the final dividend and the plan notice date is 16 September 2021.
was recognised for the year ended 30 June 2021 in relation to the
remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities. In addition, there       (g) Return of capital
was a one-off charge of £48 million to other comprehensive income              On 25 July 2019, the Board approved a return of capital programme to
and equity, mainly in respect of the remeasurement of the deferred             return up to £4.5 billion to shareholders over the three-year period from
tax liabilities on the post employment assets.                                 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2022, utilising the most appropriate mechanic of
                                                                               either share buybacks or special dividends depending on market conditions.
On 15 December 2020, legislation was substantively enacted in the              Under the first phase of the programme, which ended on 31 January 2020,
Netherlands to maintain the headline corporate tax rate at 25%,                the company returned £1.25 billion to shareholders via share buybacks. On
reversing a previously enacted reduction in the corporate tax rate to          9 April 2020, due to uncertainties related to Covid-19 pandemic, Diageo
21.7% in 2021. As a result of the change, an exceptional tax charge of         announced that it had not initiated the next phase of the programme.
£42 million was recognised for the year ended 31 June 2021 in relation         On 12 May 2021, the Board approved recommencing the return of capital
to the remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities.                              programme. Due to the impact of Covid-19, the original completion date
                                                                               for the programme has been extended by two years to 30 June 2024.
As disclosed in the 2020 Annual Report, Diageo launched the                    The second phase of the programme of up to £1 billion to shareholders
‘Raising the Bar’ programme to support pubs and bars to welcome                via share buybacks was also initiated on 12 May 2021 and it is expected
customers back and recover following the Covid-19 pandemic including           to be completed by the end of the financial year ending 30 June 2022.
a commitment of $100 million (£81 million) over a period of up to two
years from 1 July 2020. Due to uncertainty about the precise nature of the     Between 12 May 2021 and 30 June 2021, the company purchased
spend, it could not be determined whether the amounts were deductible          3.2 million ordinary shares at a cost of £109 million (including £1 million
for tax purposes in future periods. As a result, no deferred tax asset was     of transaction costs). All shares purchased under the share buyback
recognised in respect of the provision for the year ended 30 June 2020.        programmes were cancelled. A financial liability of £91 million was
In 2021, additional information regarding the nature of the spend was          established at 30 June 2021 representing the 2.6 million shares that
available and this has been re-assessed and a £5 million exceptional           were expected to be purchased before 29 July 2021.
tax credit has been recognised, mainly in respect of amounts spent
in the United States, United Kingdom and Ireland for the year ended            Movement in net borrowings and equity
30 June 2021.                                                                  Movement in net borrowings

The reported tax charge for the year ended 30 June 2020 included an                                                                       2021          2020
                                                                                                                                       £ million     £ million
exceptional tax credit of £154 million mainly comprising exceptional tax
                                                                               Net borrowings at the beginning of the year            (13,246)      (11,277)
credits on the impairment of the Windsor and USL brands of £105 million
and £25 million, respectively, exceptional tax credits in respect of fixed     Free cash flow (a)                                       3,037         1,634
assets impairments in Nigeria and Ethiopia of £25 million and £10 million,     Acquisitions (b)                                          (488)         (130)
respectively, and a further £7 million exceptional tax credit in respect of    Sale of businesses and brands                               14            11
obsolete inventories offset by a £20 million exceptional tax charge in         Share buyback programme                                   (109)       (1,282)
respect of substitution drawback claims.                                       Proceeds from issue of share capital                         –             1
                                                                               Net sale of own shares for share schemes (c)                49            54
The tax rate before exceptional items for the year ended 30 June 2021          Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                (77)         (111)
was 22.2% compared with 21.7% for the year ended 30 June 2020.                 Net movements in bonds (d)                                (216)        4,368
                                                                               Purchase of shares of non-controlling interests (e)        (42)          (62)
We expect the tax rate before exceptional items for the year ending
30 June 2022 to be in the range of 22%-24%.                                    Movements in other borrowings (f)                         (753)         (285)
                                                                               Equity dividends paid                                   (1,646)       (1,646)
(f) Dividend                                                                   Net increase/(decrease) in cash and
The group aims to increase the dividend each year and the decision in          cash equivalents                                          (231)        2,552
respect of the dividend is made with reference to dividend cover as well       Net increase/(decrease) in bonds and
as current performance trends including sales and profit after tax together    other borrowings                                           967        (4,089)
with cash generation. Diageo targets dividend cover (the ratio of basic        Exchange differences (g)                                   598           (95)
earnings per share before exceptional items to dividend per share)             Other non-cash items (h)                                  (197)          (86)
within the range of 1.8-2.2 times. For the year ended 30 June 2021             Adoption of IFRS 16                                          –          (251)
dividend cover is 1.6 times. The recommended final dividend for the            Net borrowings at the end of the year                  (12,109)      (13,246)


60      Diageo Annual Report 2021
a. See page 57 for the analysis of free cash flow.                             h. In the year ended 30 June 2021, other non-cash items are principally




                                                                                                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT
b. On 30 September 2020, Diageo completed the acquisition of Aviation             in respect of fair value changes of cross currency interest rate swaps
   Gin LLC and Davos Brands LLC to support Diageo’s participation in the          and interest rate swaps partially offset by the fair value changes of
   super premium gin segment for a total consideration of $337 million            borrowings. In the year ended 30 June 2020, other non-cash items
   (£263 million) upfront in cash and contingent consideration of up              are principally in respect of leases of £206 million entered into in the
   to $275 million (£214 million) linked to performance targets. Diageo           year, partially offset by the fair value changes of cross currency interest
   also completed a number of additional acquisitions in the year ended           rate swaps.
   30 June 2021 comprising: (i) on 26 February 2021, the acquisition
   of Chase Distillery Limited, to further support Diageo’s participation      Movement in equity
   in the premium-plus gin segment in the United Kingdom; (ii) on
   8 March 2021, the acquisition of Far West Spirits LLC, owner of the                                                                     2021          2020
                                                                                                                                        £ million     £ million
   Lone River Ranch Water brand, to improve Diageo’s participation
                                                                               Equity at the beginning of the year                       8,440        10,156
   in the ready to drink category in the United States; and (iii) on
   14 April 2021, the acquisition of Sons of Liberty Spirits Company, to       Profit for the year                                       2,799         1,454
   expand Diageo’s spirits-based ready to drink portfolio with Loyal 9         Exchange adjustments (a)                                   (836)         (282)
   Cocktails. The aggregate up-front cash consideration paid on                Remeasurement of post employment plans
   completion of these three transactions in the year ended 30 June 2021       net of taxation                                              (27)            3
   was £95 million. In addition, two of these transactions include provision   Purchase of shares of non-controlling interests (b)          (42)          (62)
   for further contingent consideration of up to £86 million in aggregate,     Associates‘ transactions with non-controlling
   in each case linked to performance targets, and one of the transactions     interest                                                    (91)             –
   provides for a further £2 million of deferred consideration, of which       Dividends to non-controlling interests                      (72)          (117)
   £1 million has been paid by 30 June 2021.                                   Equity dividends paid                                    (1,646)        (1,646)
   In the year ended 30 June 2020, Diageo acquired the remaining share         Share buyback programme                                    (200)        (1,256)
   capital of Seedlip Limited and Anna Seed 83 Limited (the brand owner
                                                                               Other reserve movements                                     106            190
   of Aecorn) which it did not already own, and completed a number of
                                                                               Equity at the end of the year                             8,431          8,440
   smaller acquisitions.
   In both financial years acquisitions also include additional investments
   as part of the Distill Ventures programme, as well as deferred and          a. Exchange movement in the year ended 30 June 2021 primarily arose
   contingent consideration paid in respect of previous acquisitions.             from exchange losses driven by the Indian rupee, the US dollar and the
c. Net sale of own shares comprised receipts from employees on the                Turkish lira.
   exercise of share options of £57 million (2020 – £56 million) less          b. In the year ended 30 June 2021, East African Breweries Limited
   purchase of treasury shares for the future settlement of obligations           completed the purchase of 30% of the share capital of Serengeti
   under the employee share option schemes of £8 million (2020 –                  Breweries Limited for $55 million (£42 million).
   £2 million).                                                                   In the year ended 30 June 2020, Diageo acquired additional shares in
d. In the year ended 30 June 2021, the group issued bonds                         United Spirits Limited for INR 5,495 million (£60 million) and additional
   of €700 million (£636 million – net of discount and fee) and                   shares in Serengeti Breweries Limited for $3 million (£2 million).
   £395 million (including £5 million discount and fee) and repaid
   bonds of $696 million (£551 million) and €775 million (£696 million).       Post employment plans
   In the year ended 30 June 2020, the group issued bonds of                   The net surplus of the group’s post employment benefit plans
   $4,100 million (£3,296 million), €1,750 million (£1,594 million) and        have increased by £82 million from £362 million at 30 June 2020 to
   £298 million (including £2 million discount and fee) and repaid             £444 million at 30 June 2021. The increase in net surplus is attributable
   bonds of $1,000 million (£820 million).                                     to the favourable discount rate change in the United Kingdom, due to
e. In the year ended 30 June 2021, East African Breweries Limited (EABL),      the increase in returns from ‘AA’ rated corporate bonds used to calculate
   completed the purchase of 30% of the share capital of Serengeti             the discount rates on the liabilities of the post employment plans (from
   Breweries Limited for $55 million (£42 million).                            1.5% to 1.9%) that was partially offset by the change in inflation rate
   In the year ended 30 June 2020, Diageo acquired additional shares           assumptions in the United Kingdom and Ireland (UK from 2.1% to 2.5%;
   in United Spirits Limited for INR 5,495 million (£60 million) which         Ireland from 1.2% to 1.6%). Following the experience analysis carried out
   took Diageo’s percentage of shares owned in United Spirits Limited          for the Diageo Pension Scheme in the United Kingdom, demographic
   from 54.78% to 55.94% (excluding 2.38% owned by the USL Benefit             assumptions have been updated, having a further adverse impact on
   Trust). During the year ended 30 June 2020, EABL completed the              the net surplus.
   purchase of 4% of the share capital of Serengeti Breweries Limited
   for $3 million (£2 million).                                                The operating profit charge before exceptional items increased by
f. In the year ended 30 June 2021, the net movements in other borrowings       £40 million from £47 million for the year ended 30 June 2020 to
   principally arose from cash movement of foreign exchange swaps              £87 million for the year ended 30 June 2021 . The operating profit
   and forwards. In the year ended 30 June 2020, the net movements             charge for the year ended 30 June 2020 includes past service gain of
   in other borrowings principally arose from foreign exchange swaps           £47 million in respect of the Guinness Ireland Group Pension Scheme
   and forwards, partially offset by the cash movement on lease liabilities.   (GIGPS), following communications to the deferred members in respect
g. The exchange differences arising on net borrowings of £598 million          of changing their expectations of a full pension prior to reaching the
   is primarily driven by favourable exchange movements on US dollar           age of 65 and to pensioners in respect of future pension increases, and
   and euro denominated borrowings, partially offset by an unfavourable        curtailment gains of £12 million mainly in respect of the Diageo Pension
   movement on cash and cash equivalents, foreign exchange swaps               Scheme and the GIGPS.
   and forwards.
   In the year ended 30 June 2020 the £95 million exchange on net              Total cash contributions by the group to all post employment plans in the
   borrowings was driven by unfavourable exchange movements on                 year ending 30 June 2022 are estimated to be approximately £120 million.
   US dollar and euro denominated borrowings and cash and cash
   equivalents, partially offset by a favourable movement on foreign
   exchange swaps and forwards.

                                                                                                                       Diageo Annual Report 2021            61
Business review



North America
North America remains the second largest beverage alcohol market worldwide1 and represents over one-third of our net sales.

With consumers at the heart of our business, our strategy is focussed on accelerating growth through smart investments in
current and new brands, data-led insights and executional excellence in our route to market. We have evolved our portfolio
to lean into premiumisation, and recruit and re-recruit consumers. This year, we added to our ready to drink portfolio,
capitalised on the e-commerce channel opportunity and dialled up our purposefulness to make a positive impact in the
communities where we live and work.
1. IWSR, calendar year 2020.


     Key financials
                                                                                                                    Acquisitions
                                                                                                                             and      Organic                                         Reported
                                                                                          2020        Exchange        disposals     movement             Other1           2021       movement
                                                                                       £ million       £ million       £ million     £ million        £ million        £ million            %
     Net sales                                                                          4,623             (353)             10            929                –          5,209               13
     Marketing                                                                            727              (52)             12            248                1            936               29
     Operating profit before exceptional items                                          2,034             (131)            (19)           352                1          2,237               10
     Exceptional operating items2                                                          54                                                                               –
     Operating profit                                                                   2,088                                                                           2,237                 7

     Reported net sales by market (%)                                                              Reported net sales by category (%)
                                      US Spirits                                                                                       Spirits
                                      DBC USA                                                                                          Beer4
                                      Canada                                                                                           Ready to drink4
                                      Other (principally Travel Retail)                                                                Other




                                     Organic       Reported         Organic      Reported          Our markets
                                     volume         volume         net sales     net sales         Headquartered in New York, Diageo North America is comprised of
                                   movement       movement        movement      movement
Markets:                                  %              %                %             %          US Spirits, Diageo Beer Company USA (DBC USA) and Diageo Canada,
North America3                            11              10               20         13           headquartered in Toronto.

US Spirits                                13              14               24         16
                                                                                                   Supply operations
                                                                                                   With nine domestic production facilities across the United States, Canada
DBC USA                                   10              10               12           5
                                                                                                   and the US Virgin Islands, Diageo North America’s supply function is one
Canada                                     3               3                4           1          of the largest producers of beverage alcohol on the continent. We have
                                                                                                   made major investments in innovation and sustainability driving efficiency
Spirits                                   11              10               21         13           and best in class operations. To support the growth in our ready to drink
Beer4                                      8               8               10          3           portfolio, the manufacturing footprint is being expanded with the creation
Ready to drink4                           55              48              101         89           of a new RTD facility in Plainfield with capacity to produce over 25 million
                                                                                                   cases. The facility is due to be completed in summer 2021.
                                                    Organic         Organic      Reported
Global giants, local stars                          volume         net sales     net sales         Route to consumer
                                                  movement6       movement      movement
and reserve5:                                            %                %             %          The route to consumer in the United States is through the three-tier
Crown Royal                                               10              12           5           system across our spirits and beer/RTD portfolio. We have consolidated
Smirnoff                                                   4               4          (2)
                                                                                                   our U.S. Spirits business into single distributors or brokers in 42 states
                                                                                                   and the District of Columbia, representing more than 80% of our spirits
Johnnie Walker                                             8              15           8
                                                                                                   volume. US Spirits is responsible for the sale of our portfolio of spirits
Captain Morgan                                             6               5          (1)          and spirits-based RTD products and manages sales through two divisions
Don Julio                                                 72              68          57           focussed on Open (distribution through private distributors) and Control
Ketel One7                                                 9               1          (6)          (distribution through governmental entities) States. DBC USA sells and
Guinness                                                   –               2          (4)          markets brands including Guinness and Smirnoff Ice in over 400 beer
Baileys                                                   16              28          21
Bulleit                                                    8               9           2
Cîroc vodka                                               25              26          18           3. Reported volume and net sales growth include impacts from the disposal of a portfolio
                                                                                                      of 19 brands to Sazerac in a prior period and the acquisition of Aviation Gin LLC (‘Aviation
Casamigos                                               115               125        110              American Gin’), Davos Brands LLC (‘Davos Brands’), Far West Spirits LLC (‘Lone River’) and
Tanqueray                                                 5                 5         (1)             Loyal 9 Cocktails from Sons of Liberty Spirits Company in the year ended 30 June 2021
                                                                                                   4. Flavoured malt beverages have been reclassified from ready to drink to beer from
                                                                                                      1 July 2020. This reflects the nature of these products and how management reviews
                                                                                                      performance. Movements reported in the table above are on a like for like basis.
                                                                                                   5. Spirits brands excluding ready to drink and non-alcoholic variants.
1. Fair value remeasurements. For further details see page 60.                                     6. Organic equals reported volume movement
2. For further details on exceptional operating items see pages 151-152                            7. Ketel One includes Ketel One vodka and Ketel One Botanical


62        Diageo Annual Report 2021
distributors across the US. Diageo Canada distributes our portfolio of           As part of our ongoing sustainability efforts, we have analysed water flows
spirits, RTD and beer brands across all Canadian provinces, which operate        and consumption at some of our sites, identifying significant opportunities
within a highly regulated federal and provincial system. Diageo Canada           for saving water across our operations. Our net zero carbon whiskey
manages all sales operations with the provincial liquor control boards           distillery at Lebanon, Kentucky will be powered by 100% renewable
and national chain account customers directly, utilising brokers to              electricity; is designed for highly-efficient water usage; and will be



                                                                                                                                                               STRATEGIC REPORT
support execution at the point of sale. Our strategy in North America is to be   operational later this year. Increasing recycled content in our packaging
consumer-first, occasion-oriented, and focussed on developing competitive        is another key priority and this year we doubled the recycled materials
differentiation in both our brand propositions and our route to consumer.        in our plastic bottles (rPET) as we further our efforts supporting progress
This includes building key capabilities around commercial execution,             towards our target of 40% recycled content by 2025.
Revenue Growth Management, e-commerce and robust performance
management all of which is underpinned by data and analytics.

‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’                                                   Regional performance
We are committed to supporting underrepresented communities,                         – Net sales growth of 20%, following slower growth of 2%
particularly in the areas of education and hospitality. This year, as part             in fiscal 20, driven primarily by US Spirits.
of the $20 million Diageo Community Fund, we funded permanent                        – Strong growth primarily reflects resilient consumer
endowments at 25 Historically Black Colleges and Universities across the               demand, spirits category continuing to take share of total
United States. We were also a founding contributor of the ‘Raising the                 beverage alcohol and the replenishment of stock levels by
New York State Bar’ Restaurant Recovery Fund to help businesses adjust                 distributors and retailers.
to Covid-19 requirements, and we financially supported recovery efforts              – Spirits growth of 21% reflects particularly strong
by Chicago neighbourhoods to create more public spaces. Our brands,                    performance in tequila and broad-based growth across
including Bulleit, Don Julio and Guinness, also led various initiatives to             all other spirits categories supported by consumer led
help the hospitality industry and those whose livelihoods were directly                marketing and innovation.
affected by the pandemic. Promoting positive drinking is a priority for              – Beer growth of 10% primarily driven by flavoured
the company and we recently relaunched our DRINKiQ site with new                       malt beverages.
content, design and interactive tools to redefine and improve the way                – Organic operating margin decreased 124bps, primarily
we talk to people about drinking. Additionally, our brands – led by                    reflecting increased investment in marketing, adverse
Crown Royal and its sports partnerships – reached 151 million                          category mix and inflationary impact of agave.
consumers through responsible drinking campaigns.



     Market highlights
     US Spirits                                                                  in Smirnoff No.21 Red. Ketel One net sales increased 2% largely
     Strong growth in tequila and broad based growth across                      driven by Ketel One Botanical. Captain Morgan net sales grew 7%,
     all categories                                                              largely driven by growth in Captain Morgan Spiced and the launch
     Net sales increased 24%, reflecting resilient consumer demand,              of Captain Morgan Sliced Apple.
     spirits category continuing to take share of total beverage alcohol
     and lapping a softer fiscal 20. Shipments were ahead of depletions          Bulleit net sales increased 10% with upweighted marketing
     by approximately 5 percentage points, due to the replenishment              investment driving strong performance in the off-trade channel.
     of stock levels by distributors, following a reduction by distributors
     of inventories in fiscal 20.                                                Baileys net sales grew 31% driven by strong volume growth, price
                                                                                 increases on Baileys Original and the successful launches of Baileys
     The tequila category benefitted from strong growth with its broad           Deliciously Light, Baileys Apple Pie limited time offer and Baileys
     occasion appeal. Net sales increased 87% with Don Julio growing             Colada limited time offer.
     69% and Casamigos growing 126% with both gaining spirits
     market and tequila category share. The acceleration of growth               Spirit based ready to drink innovations delivered a strong
     in our tequila portfolio reflects some benefit of price increases           contribution driven primarily by the launch of Crown Royal
     on Casamigos. This strong performance was delivered despite                 Cocktails and Ketel One Botanical Vodka Spritz.
     constraints on the supply of certain aged variants of our brands.
                                                                                 Diageo Beer Company USA
     Crown Royal net sales increased 13% largely driven by continued             Continued growth of flavoured malt beverages
     momentum in Crown Royal Peach, Crown Royal Regal Apple                      Net sales grew 12%. Flavoured malt beverages net sales increased
     and Crown Royal Vanilla. Crown Royal gained category share but              17%. Beer net sales, excluding flavoured malt beverages, increased
     growth was impacted by constraints in the supply of aged liquid.            5% as off-trade beer sales growth more than offset lower keg sales
                                                                                 from the on-trade slow down due to Covid-19.
     Scotch grew 18%. Johnnie Walker net sales grew 19% benefitting from
     premiumisation trends with strong growth in Johnnie Walker super            Canada
     deluxe variants as well as Johnnie Walker Black Label. Buchanan’s           Growing despite strong prior year performance
     net sales increased 40% driven by commercial interventions                  Net sales grew 4%, lapping a strong fiscal 20, with growth mainly
     in key states and a more effective media plan to recruit target             in Baileys and ready to drink. This more than offset the decline in
     consumers. Scotch malts declined 13%, lapping successful Game               beer due to its higher on-trade exposure.
     of Thrones innovations.
                                                                                 Marketing
     Vodka net sales grew 8%. Cîroc net sales increased 27% driven by            Focussed investment in growth drivers
     strong growth in the core variant as well as key flavour variants           Marketing grew 34%, ahead of net sales, driven by investment
     resulting from refreshed activations to re-engage consumers.                across our brands behind opportunities in the off-trade and
     Smirnoff sales increased 5% as growth in new flavour variants               e-commerce channels, informed by our marketing analytics tools.
     including Smirnoff Pink Lemonade more than offset the decline



                                                                                                                     Diageo Annual Report 2021           63
Business review continued




Europe and Turkey
Across our Europe business we have brought our consumer marketing programmes closer to our consumers and
customers as we have embedded our new operating model in F21. We continue to optimise our route to market
and execute our strategy of growth through international premium spirits and beer through premiumisation.


     Key financials
                                                                                                                    Acquisitions
                                                                                                                             and      Organic                                     Reported
                                                                                            2020       Exchange       disposals     movement            Other1         2021      movement
                                                                                         £ million      £ million      £ million     £ million       £ million      £ million           %
     Net sales                                                                             2,567            (85)           (32)          108               –         2,558               –
     Marketing                                                                               428             (9)            (2)           56               –           473              11
     Operating profit before exceptional items                                               757            (49)           (12)          (38)            (23)          635             (16)
     Exceptional operating items2                                                            (62)                                                                      (15)
     Operating profit                                                                        695                                                                       620             (11)

     Reported net sales by market (%)                                                                Reported net sales by category (%)
                                     Great Britain                                                                                     Spirits
                                     Northern Europe                                                                                   Beer4
                                     Southern Europe                                                                                   Ready to drink4
                                     Eastern Europe                                                                                    Other
                                     Ireland
                                     Turkey
                                     Other (principally Travel Retail)




                                     Organic       Reported        Organic       Reported            Our markets
                                     volume         volume        net sales      net sales           Fiscal 21 saw the new six market operating model come into operation
                                   movement       movement       movement       movement
Markets:                                  %              %               %              %            across Europe. It now comprises of GB, Ireland, Northern Europe, Eastern
Europe and Turkey3                         7              6               4                –         Europe, Southern Europe and Turkey. All of these markets now operate
                                                                                                     with end-to-end accountability.
Great Britain                             13             12              7                 7
                                                                                                     Supply operations
Northern Europe                           17             17             22                23
                                                                                                     A number of Diageo’s International Supply Chain and Procurement
Southern Europe                            1              2              1                 3         operations are located in Europe including production sites in the
Eastern Europe                            13             12              6                (4)        United Kingdom, Ireland and Italy. The group owns 30 distilleries in
Ireland                                   (8)           (17)           (23)              (30)        Scotland, a Dublin based brewery, distillery, and maturation and packaging
Turkey                                    17             17             28                (3)        facilities in Scotland, England, Ireland and Italy. The team leads all supply
                                                                                                     chain activities for Europe and manufactures whisky, vodka, gin, rum, beer,
Spirits                                   10              9             11                 7         cream liqueurs, and other spirit-based drinks which are distributed in over
Beer4                                    (12)           (18)           (21)              (25)        180 countries.
Ready to drink4                           13             13             14                13
                                                                                                     The company is currently investing £185million in Scotch whisky and
                                                                                                     tourism in Scotland to create a major new Johnnie Walker global brand
                                                    Organic        Organic       Reported
                                                    volume        net sales      net sales           attraction in Edinburgh (Johnnie Walker Princes Street), to transform its
                                                  movement6      movement       movement             distillery visitor experiences and to bring the iconic lost distilleries of Brora
Global giants and local stars5:                          %               %              %
                                                                                                     and Port Ellen back into production. The distillery visitor investment will
Guinness                                                (11)           (19)              (19)
                                                                                                     focus on the ‘Four Corners distilleries’, Glenkinchie, Caol Ila, Clynelish
Johnnie Walker                                           12             10                 4         and Cardhu, celebrating the important role these single malts play in
Baileys                                                  17             19                19         the flavours of Johnnie Walker. Construction of Johnnie Walker Princes
Smirnoff                                                 (4)            (2)               (3)        Street in Edinburgh will be completed later this year and we have already
Captain Morgan                                           18             17                16         opened the new visitor experiences at Glenkinchie, Clynelish and Cardhu
Yenì Raki                                                 2             (3)              (24)        to the public. The revived Brora Distillery also began production in
Tanqueray                                                14             18                18         May 2021.
JεB                                                       –             (1)               (3)




1. Fair value remeasurements. For further details see page 60.                                       4. Flavoured malt beverages have been reclassified from ready to drink to beer from
2. For further details on exceptional operating items see pages 151-152                                 1 July 2020. This reflects the nature of these products and how management reviews
3. From 1 July 2020, Europe and Turkey are managed as six individual markets: Great                     performance. Movements reported in the table above are on a like for like basis.
   Britain, Ireland, Northern Europe, Southern Europe, Eastern Europe and Turkey, each               5. Spirits brands excluding ready to drink and non-alcoholic variants
   with end-to-end accountability. This reflects how management reviews performance.                 6. Organic equals reported volume movement


64        Diageo Annual Report 2021
Route to consumer                                                                Three of our distilleries in Scotland achieved carbon neutrality in their




                                                                                                                                                                             STRATEGIC REPORT
In Great Britain we sell and market our products through Diageo GB               operations this year. Our Oban, Royal Lochnagar and Brora distilleries
(spirits, beer and ready to drink) and Justerini & Brooks Fine Wines (wines      in Scotland use renewable liquid biofuel or renewable locally-sourced
private clients and spirits). Products are distributed through independent       woodchip biomass – saving approximately 3,500 tonnes of carbon
wholesalers, directly to retailers and directly to consumers through             emissions per year.
thebar.com. In the on-trade, products are sold through major brewers,
multiple retail groups and smaller regional independent brewers and
wholesalers. In the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, Diageo
sells and distributes directly to the on-trade and the off-trade as well               Regional performance
as wholesalers. In France our products are sold through a joint venture                – Net sales increased 4%, following a significant decline in
arrangement with Moët Hennessy. In Northern, Eastern and Southern                        fiscal 20, primarily reflecting strong consumer demand in
Europe, we distribute our spirits brands primarily through our own in                    the off-trade channel and market share gains. The on-trade
market companies (IMC) , except in Europe Partner Markets where we                       remained impacted.
typically use distributors.                                                            – Growth was primarily driven by Northern Europe, Turkey and
                                                                                         Great Britain.
In Turkey, we sell our products via the distribution network of Mey İçki,              – Southern Europe experienced slower growth, and Ireland
our wholly owned subsidiary. Mey İçki distributes both local brands                      declined significantly, due to the higher exposure to the
(raki, other spirits and wine) and Diageo’s global spirits brands.                       on-trade in those markets.
                                                                                       – Spirits net sales grew 11%, with broad-based growth across
‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’                                                       scotch, Baileys, rum, gin and raki.
Promoting positive drinking, with a focus on moderation, remains a key                 – Beer net sales declined 21%, driven by Guinness in Ireland and
priority. This year we launched an updated version of our DRINKiQ platform               Great Britain, as a result of higher exposure to the on-trade.
in key markets, including Great Britain, Ireland, Spain, Belgium, and Germany.         – Travel Retail Europe declined 56%, reflecting the continued
We reached more than 79 million consumers with responsible drinking                      restrictions on international travel.
messages through our brands. We also launched a new drink driving                      – Operating margin declined 265bps due to the adverse mix
e-learning module.                                                                       impact from on-trade closures and growth in marketing
                                                                                         investment ahead of net sales.
Our Learning for Life hospitality skills programme reached over 2,700
people in Great Britain, Italy, Spain, Ireland, Portugal, the Netherlands,
Belgium, Germany and Greece.




      Market highlights
      Great Britain                                                              Ireland
      Strong off-trade growth                                                    Severe on-trade restrictions drove net sales decline
      Net sales increased 7% primarily driven by strong consumer                 Net sales declined 23%, primarily due to a decline in Guinness
      demand in the off-trade. The e-commerce channel experienced                net sales of 32% as a result of continued on-trade restrictions.
      strong growth as consumption shifted to the at-home occasion.              Spirits grew 14% driven by strong off-trade growth, particularly
      Spirits growth of 16% was driven by scotch, Baileys, vodka and             in Baileys and Gordon’s.
      gin, supported by innovation, including Gordon’s Sicilian Lemon
      and Captain Morgan Tiki. Beer declined 16% due to the significant          Turkey
      impact of lost sales in the on-trade being only partially offset by        Strong scotch and raki performance
      strong growth in the off-trade channel.                                    Net sales increased 28%, driven partially by inflation and excise-led
                                                                                 price increases. Scotch sales grew 94% driven by strong off-trade
      Northern Europe                                                            momentum, particularly in Johnnie Walker. Raki grew 10%,
      Strong off-trade growth                                                    driven by our more premium variant Tekirdağ Raki, partially
      Net sales increased 22%, reflecting strong off-trade growth                offset by decreased sales of Yenì Raki, reflecting increased
      primarily driven by scotch and Baileys. Baileys grew 30%,                  category premiumisation.
      benefiting from innovation, including Baileys Salted Caramel.
      Scotch sales grew 24% driven by Johnnie Walker and scotch malts.           Travel Retail Europe
                                                                                 Significant impact from international travel restrictions
      Southern Europe                                                            Net sales declined 56%.
      Slower growth due to higher on-trade exposure
      Net sales increased 1%. The slower pace of recovery reflects               Marketing
      the continued impact of on-trade restrictions and reduced                  Increased investment behind growth drivers
      tourism. Growth was mainly driven by rum, partially offset by              Investment increased 13%, ahead of net sales, driven by
      a decline in vodka.                                                        upweighted media spend and strong activation in the off-trade
                                                                                 and e-commerce channels.
      Eastern Europe1
      Growth mainly driven by Russia
      Net sales increased 6%, mainly driven by strong growth in Russia,
      partially offset by decreased sales in Lebanon as a result of on-trade
      restrictions and political instability.
                                                                                 1. The Diageo Eastern Europe market includes the Middle East and North Africa (MENA)




                                                                                                                             Diageo Annual Report 2021                  65
Business review continued




Africa
In Africa our strategy is to grow through selective participation in beer, near beer and spirits, leveraging the broad range of the
Diageo Portfolio. Guinness, Malta Guinness and several local brands including Tusker and Serengeti lead our brewing portfolio
while Johnnie Walker and Smirnoff are at the heart of our international premium spirits offerings. Locally we produce a range
of mainstream spirits at the mid-level price range and tailored to local tastes and flavours. Our operating model builds resilience
into our African businesses and we drive smart investments through local manufacturing, innovation and partnerships to unlock
growth. Local sourcing is very important to our strategy, currently at 80%, directly supporting our commercial operations whilst
bringing wider economic benefits to local communities, agricultural development and farmers.


     Key financials
                                                                                                                              Acquisitions
                                                                                                                                       and       Organic                      Reported
                                                                                                     2020        Exchange       disposals      movement            2021      movement
                                                                                                  £ million       £ million      £ million      £ million       £ million           %
     Net sales                                                                                      1,346            (150)            (42)          258           1,412             5
     Marketing                                                                                        160             (13)             (1)           22             168             5
     Operating profit before exceptional items                                                        101             (43)              –           113             171            69
     Exceptional operating items1                                                                    (145)                                                               –
     Operating profit                                                                                 (44)                                                             171       489

     Reported net sales by market (%)                                                          Reported net sales by category (%)
                                      East Africa                                                                                 Spirits
                                      Africa Regional                                                                             Beer3
                                      Markets                                                                                     Ready to drink3
                                      Nigeria                                                                                     Other
                                      South Africa
                                      Other (principally Travel Retail)




                                     Organic       Reported        Organic        Reported     Our markets
                                     volume         volume        net sales       net sales    The region comprises East Africa (Kenya, Tanzania and Uganda), Africa
                                   movement       movement       movement        movement
Markets:                                  %              %               %               %     Regional Markets (including Ghana, Cameroon, Ethiopia, Indian Ocean
Africa2                                   18             10             20               5     and Angola), Nigeria and South Africa.

                                                                                               Supply operations
East Africa                               13             13             13               2
                                                                                               We have 13 breweries in Africa and ten facilities which provide blending,
Africa Regional Markets2                  12            (12)            15              (2)    malting and bottling services. In addition, our beer and mainstream spirits
Nigeria                                   39             39             57              35     brands are produced under licence by third parties in 14 African countries
South Africa2                             13              8             11              (7)    and we distribute beer and spirits through several third party relationships
                                                                                               across the region.
Spirits                                   20             20             21              10
Beer3                                     15             15             19               7     Route to consumer
Ready to drink2,3                         30              7             31              (2)
                                                                                               Diageo has wholly owned entities in South Africa, Cameroon, Ethiopia,
                                                                                               and Reunion. It has controlling stakes in East Africa Breweries Limited
                                                    Organic        Organic        Reported
                                                                                               (EABL), Guinness Nigeria, Guinness Ghana and Seychelles Breweries
                                                    volume        net sales       net sales    Limited and a majority stake in a JV in Angola. In addition, Diageo has
                                                  movement5      movement        movement      contract brewing arrangements in several countries across the region,
Global giants and local stars4:                          %               %               %
                                                                                               most notably with the Castel Group as well as spirits distribution contracts
Guinness                                                 30             32              22
                                                                                               in almost 30 countries.
Johnnie Walker                                           (5)             4              (2)
Smirnoff                                                 28             20               9
Other beer:
Malta Guinness                                           38             35              19
Senator                                                   2              4              (7)
Tusker                                                    8              4              (6)
Serengeti                                                  6              7             (1)


1. For further details on exceptional operating items see pages 151-152
2. Africa, Africa Regional Markets, South Africa and ready to drink reported volume movement
   impacted by disposals. For further details see pages 157-158.
3. Flavoured malt beverages have been reclassified from ready to drink to beer from
   1 July 2020. This reflects the nature of these products and how management reviews          4. Spirits brands excluding ready to drink and non-alcoholic variants
   performance. Movements reported in the table above are on a like for like basis.            5. Organic equals reported volume movement


66        Diageo Annual Report 2021
‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’                                            we switch from fossil to renewable fuels to power our breweries in




                                                                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT
We continue to focus on campaigns and programmes to promote                   the region. At our facility in Kisumu, Kenya, 8% of the site’s electricity
positive drinking, and have seen notable successes this year despite          consumption is now generated from onsite solar panels. On our journey
the disruption caused by Covid-19. For example, SMASHED reached               to net zero carbon emissions by 2030, we intend to increase our solar
69,932 people across the region.                                              capacity at Kisumu and extend this proven pilot project across Africa.

At the same time, we continued to work with the many smallholders
and farmers across Africa who supply us with raw materials, and to make
significant investments in our breweries, where we are developing solar            Regional performance
and biomass energy projects and water treatment plants.                            – Net sales grew 20%, following a decline in fiscal 20, driven
                                                                                     by Nigeria, East Africa and Africa Regional Markets.
Our partnership with the NGO WaterAid continues to bring clean water,              – Strong performance reflects resilience in consumer
sanitation and hygiene (WASH) programmes to communities across Africa.               demand in the off-trade and partial recovery of the
These WASH projects were especially important this year as hand washing              on-trade, despite ongoing Covid-19 restrictions.
plays a key preventative role in addressing Covid-19 and we more than              – Slower growth in South Africa, due to trade restrictions
doubled our target for reaching beneficiaries. By the end of the year                and periodic bans on alcohol sales.
we had reached 54,691 people through initiatives such as our Budada                – Beer net sales grew 19% primarily driven by Guinness and
project in Eastern Uganda, which involved the construction of a water                Malta Guinness.
reservoir and pump house and the laying of over three kilometres of                – Spirits net sales grew 21% mainly driven by growth in
pipelines to supply three standpipes which provide precious clean water              mainstream spirits.
to the community.                                                                  – Operating margin improved 586bps, lapping a significant
                                                                                     decline in fiscal 20. Margin improvement was driven by
This year water efficiency improved by 15% across the region, realising              net sales recovery, positive price/mix and productivity
the benefits from our investments in water recovery and reuse in                     initiatives, partially offset by market mix.
Uganda and Kenya. While the implementation of biomass installations
in East Africa was delayed due to Covid-19 , the programme is now well
advanced. Commissioning of the new facilities will start later this year as




      Market highlights
      East Africa                                                             South Africa
      Growth across all markets                                               Market impacted by Covid-19 related restrictions
      Net sales grew 13%, lapping a 10% decline in fiscal 20. Kenya           Net sales grew 11%, following a disrupted fiscal 20, despite
      grew 11%, with strong spirits growth, particularly in mainstream        on- and off-trade closures and periodic bans on sales and
      gin, and slower beer growth due to on-trade restrictions. Uganda        distribution of alcohol. Growth was primarily driven by scotch,
      grew 24% driven primarily by strong beer growth, benefitting            followed by vodka and gin.
      from production capacity expansion. Tanzania net sales grew
      10%, building on growth in fiscal 20.                                   Marketing
                                                                              Focussed investment in off-trade and new channels
      Africa Regional Markets                                                 Marketing spend grew 14%, behind net sales growth.
      Growth driven by strong Guinness performance                            Investment in the on-trade was selectively scaled back and
      Net sales grew 15%, following a decline in fiscal 20 with good          spending was focussed on the off-trade, e-commerce and new
      growth in Ghana and Cameroon, partially offset by continued             route to consumer programmes.
      decline in Ethiopia. Guinness grew 28%, benefiting from focussed
      strategic marketing investment and improved supply capacity.

      Nigeria
      Strong broad based recovery
      Net sales grew 57%, partially benefitting from lapping a
      soft comparative. Strong growth in beer, mainstream spirits
      and international premium spirits reflects momentum in the
      off-trade and improved route to consumer across the business.
      Growth in beer was primarily driven by Guinness and Malta
      Guinness which also benefitted from partial recovery of the
      on-trade and innovation.




                                                                                                                   Diageo Annual Report 2021           67
Business review continued




Latin America and Caribbean
In Latin America and Caribbean our strategic priority is to continue to lead with scotch, while broadening our category range
through tequila, gins, vodka, rum, liqueurs and local spirits. As the industry leaders in spirits, we continue to strategically expand
our reach and the breadth and depth of our portfolio of leading brands. Simultaneously, we are enhancing our supply structure
enabling the business to widen our price points, providing both the emerging middle class, and an increasing number of affluent
consumers with the premium brands they aspire to buy. Our presence is strengthened by our stance on responsible drinking and
community development programmes.


     Key financials
                                                                                                                   Acquisitions
                                                                                                                            and      Organic                                      Reported
                                                                                           2020      Exchange        disposals     movement             Other1          2021     movement
                                                                                        £ million     £ million       £ million     £ million        £ million       £ million          %
     Net sales                                                                             908           (137)               –           275               –          1,046            15
     Marketing                                                                             155            (22)               –            28               –            161             4
     Operating profit before exceptional items                                             248            (82)               –           153             (16)           303            22
     Exceptional operating items2                                                           (6)                                                                           –
     Operating profit                                                                      242                                                                          303            25

     Reported net sales by market (%)                                                               Reported net sales by category (%)
                                     PUB                                                                                               Spirits
                                     Mexico                                                                                            Beer3
                                     CCA                                                                                               Ready to drink3
                                     Andean                                                                                            Other
                                     PEBAC
                                     Other (principally Travel Retail)




                                    Organic        Reported        Organic       Reported           Our markets
                                    volume          volume        net sales      net sales          Our Latin America and Caribbean (LAC) business comprises five markets:
                                  movement        movement       movement       movement
Markets:                                 %               %               %              %           PUB (Paraguay, Uruguay and Brazil), Mexico, CCA (Central America and
Latin America and                                                                                   Caribbean), Andean (Colombia and Venezuela) and PEBAC (Peru, Ecuador,
Caribbean                                22              22             30              15          Bolivia, Argentina and Chile).

PUB                                      24              24             50              20
                                                                                                    Supply operations
                                                                                                    Many of the brands sold in the region are manufactured by our
Mexico                                   10              10             24              11
                                                                                                    International Supply Centre in Europe, but we also own manufacturing
CCA                                      15              15             12               8
                                                                                                    facilities in Mexico that produce tequila, in Brazil to produce cachaça and
Andean                                   27              27             33              19          vodka, and in Guatemala that produce Zacapa rum. We also work with a
PEBAC                                    47              47             73              62          wide array of local co-packers, bottlers, and licensed brewers throughout
                                                                                                    Latin America and the Caribbean.
Spirits                                  22              22             30              15
Beer3                                    11              11             17              16          Route to consumer
Ready to drink3                          24              24             38              17          We drive an efficient route to consumer through differentiated models
                                                                                                    tailored to each markets’ size and needs. In Mexico and Brazil our in-market
                                                   Organic         Organic       Reported
                                                                                                    companies sell to a wide network of retailers, wholesalers, and resellers
                                                   volume         net sales      net sales          which make our product available to shoppers in both the on and off
                                                 movement5       movement       movement
Global giants and local stars4:                         %                %              %
                                                                                                    premise outlets. In most of Central America and the Caribbean, Argentina,
Johnnie Walker                                           25             29              16
                                                                                                    Ecuador, Bolivia, and Venezuela, we partner with geographically exclusive
                                                                                                    distributors who are in charge of the sales execution and marketing
Buchanan’s                                               18             23              11
                                                                                                    programmes. In Colombia, Peru, and Chile, we use hybrid models where
Old Parr                                                 14             16               4          Diageo sells directly to some key accounts while distributors are used to
Smirnoff                                                 16             25               7          improve our products’ physical availability.
Black & White                                            33             44              26
Tanqueray                                                27             34              11
Baileys                                                  39             44              32




1. Fair value remeasurements. For further details see page 60.
2. For further details on exceptional operating items see pages 151-152
3. Flavoured malt beverages have been reclassified from ready to drink to beer from
   1 July 2020. This reflects the nature of these products and how management reviews               4. Spirits brands excluding ready to drink and non-alcoholic variants
   performance. Movements reported in the table above are on a like for like basis.                 5. Organic equals reported volume movement


68        Diageo Annual Report 2021
‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’                                             We continue to make progress on the grain-to-glass sustainability journey:




                                                                                                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT
As in other regions, we supported efforts to combat Covid-19                   18% of our energy is now from renewable sources and in Brazil, 47%
through donations. For example, in September 2020 we donated                   of all energy use is derived from renewable sources. Our new facility
8,000 480ml bottles of 70% liquid alcohol to the Brazilian Red Cross who       in Ceará state, Brazil, which brings together production from two
distributed them to the vulnerable. The Diageo Institute also supported        existing sites, will use solar energy to further increase our use of
an initiative where women prisoners manufactured protective masks              renewable energy and will use water treatment and reuse facilities
for use in the prison system – an extension of the Tecendo o Futuro            to reduce water consumption in beverage production by up to 40%.
(Weaving the Future) programme, which promotes the employment
and re-socialisation of inmates at the Auri Moura Costa Female Criminal
Institute in Aquiraz, Brazil. We also became a signatory to the UN’s
Women Empowerment Principles.                                                       Regional performance
                                                                                    – Net sales increased 30%, lapping a significant decline in
Our SMASHED programme educated over 38,000 people across the                          fiscal 20, driven by growth in all markets.
region on the dangers of underage drinking. In 2021 we launched the                 – Growth reflects resilient consumer demand in the off-trade
new version of DRINKiQ in Brazil, Colombia, Uruguay, Peru and Mexico.                 channel and price increases in key markets.
Brands including Johnnie Walker, Smirnoff and Tanqueray launched social             – Spirits grew 30% with strong growth across key categories,
media campaigns which emphasised messages of responsible drinking,                    particularly scotch.
reaching 132 million people across the region.                                      – Travel Retail Latin America and Caribbean declined 63%
                                                                                      due to continued international travel restrictions.
Our ‘Raising The Bar’ and #BarResponsável Manifest programmes                       – Operating margin improved by 674bps driven by net sales
supported people in the hospitality industries in Mexico and Brazil in                recovery, positive price interventions and productivity initiatives.
the face of the challenges brought by the Covid-19 pandemic. So far over
1,000 outlets have registered in our programme. Our Learning for Life skills
programme moved some elements online in response to the pandemic,
and reached over 2,500 people, including 129 in the Dominican Republic.
The virtual part of the programme lasted for one month and culminated
with practical sessions and internships adhering to Covid-19 safety
protocols. More than 70% of participants were women. In Mexico,
we began a collaboration with Mujer Emprende and Victoria147,
the first online business academy in Latin America aimed at women.




     Market highlights
     PUB (Paraguay, Uruguay and Brazil)                                        Andean (Colombia and Venezuela)
     Strong broad based growth in key categories                               Growth driven by strong scotch performance in Colombia
     Net sales increased 50%, primarily driven by scotch, as well              Net sales increased 33%, building on growth in fiscal 20, driven by
     as growth in gin, vodka and ready-to-drink. Scotch net sales              Colombia. Growth was primarily driven by scotch with net sales
     increased 66%, with double-digit growth in Johnnie Walker and             increase of 25% driven by double-digit growth in Buchanan’s and
     triple-digit growth in White Horse. Brazil net sales grew 62%,            triple-digit growth in Black & White.
     reflecting a recovery in consumption and pricing interventions,
     which more than offset a decline in duty free sales.                      PEBAC (Peru, Ecuador, Bolivia, Argentina and Chile)
                                                                               Partial recovery following significant declines in fiscal 20
     Mexico                                                                    Net sales increased 73%, lapping a significant decline in fiscal 20
     Market recovery supported by strong off-trade execution                   due to ongoing social and political instability across key markets
     Net sales increased 24%, benefitting from lapping a reduction             and the impact of Covid-19. Growth in fiscal 21 was supported
     of inventory levels by distributors in fiscal 20 and growth in            by strong execution through enhanced distribution partnerships.
     the off-trade channel in fiscal 21. Tequila grew 47% driven by            Scotch delivered double-digit net sales growth, primarily driven
     Don Julio, supported by limited editions and a strong activation          by Johnnie Walker.
     plan, resulting in share gains in the off-trade. Scotch sales grew
     12% driven by Buchanan’s and Johnnie Walker.                              Travel Retail Latin America and Caribbean
                                                                               Persistent travel restrictions affect performance
     CCA (Caribbean and Central America)                                       Net sales decreased 63% due to continued international
     Growth in domestic consumption                                            travel restrictions.
     Net sales increased 12%, lapping the decline in fiscal 20 due to
     reduced levels of international tourism and on-trade restrictions.        Marketing
     Growth was driven by domestic consumption supported by                    Investment redeployed to off-trade and e-commerce
     “The Moment is Now” campaign. Scotch net sales increased                  Investment increased 18%, behind net sales, following a decline
     13% driven by double digit growth of Johnnie Walker,                      in fiscal 20. On-trade marketing was redeployed to the off-trade
     Buchanan’s and Old Parr.                                                  and e-commerce in response to at-home consumption trends.




                                                                                                                      Diageo Annual Report 2021              69
Business review continued




Asia Pacific
In Asia Pacific our focus is to grow in both developed and emerging markets across our entire portfolio ranging from
international and local spirits to ready to drink formats and beer. We have a clear long-term strategy that enables us to
allocate resources behind brands that win in key consumer occasions and categories. We manage our portfolio to meet the
increasing demands of the growing middle class and aim to inspire our consumers to drink better, not more. This strategy
ensures that we deliver consistent and efficient growth with a key focus on developing our premium and super deluxe
segments across the region.


     Key financials
                                                                                                                                            Acquisitions
                                                                                                                                                     and     Organic                       Reported
                                                                                                 2020      Exchange     Reclassification1     disposals    movement            2021       movement
                                                                                              £ million     £ million         £ million        £ million    £ million       £ million            %
     Net sales                                                                                 2,270             (75)              (14)              (1)        308           2,488                10
     Marketing                                                                                   365              (7)                –                –          60             418                15
     Operating profit before exceptional items                                                   501              (6)                –                –         113             608                21
     Exceptional operating items2                                                             (1,198)                                                                             –
     Operating profit                                                                           (697)                                                                           608                187

     Reported net sales by market (%)                                                                     Reported net sales by category (%)
                                        India                                                                                                  Spirits
                                        Greater China                                                                                          Beer3
                                        Australia                                                                                              Ready to drink3
                                        South East Asia                                                                                        Other
                                        North Asia
                                        Other (principally Travel Retail)




                                       Organic        Reported         Organic        Reported            Our markets
                                       volume          volume         net sales       net sales           Asia Pacific comprises India (including Nepal and Sri Lanka), Greater
                                     movement        movement        movement        movement
Markets:                                    %               %                %               %            China (China, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau), Australia (including
Asia Pacific                                  9               9              14               10          New Zealand), South East Asia (Vietnam, Thailand, Philippines, Indonesia,
                                                                                                          Malaysia, Singapore, Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar), North Asia (Korea and
                                                                                                          Japan) and Travel Retail Asia and Middle East.
India                                        9                9              13                4
Greater China                               24               24              38               37          Supply operations
Australia                                   21               22              23               29          We have distilleries in Chengdu, China that produce Baijiu and in
South East Asia                              –               (1)              7               (3)         Bundaberg, Australia that produce Bundaberg Rum. Our manufacturing
North Asia                                  18               16               9                4          plant in Bali produces the highest quality spirits for the Indonesian market.
Travel Retail Asia and                                                                                    United Spirits Limited (USL) in India operates 15 manufacturing sites across
Middle East                                (57)             (57)            (63)              (63)        the country. In addition, USL and Diageo brands are also produced under
                                                                                                          licence by third party manufacturers. We have bottling plants in Thailand
Spirits                                      9                9              12                8
                                                                                                          and Australia with ready to drink manufacturing capabilities.
Beer3                                        9                9               9               (7)
                                                                                                          Route to consumer
Ready to drink3                             13               13              16               20
                                                                                                          In South East Asia, spirits and beer are sold through a combination of
                                                                                                          Diageo companies, joint venture arrangements, and third party distributors.
                                                       Organic         Organic        Reported
                                                       volume         net sales       net sales           In Thailand, Malaysia and Singapore, we have joint venture arrangements
Global giants, local stars                           movement5       movement        movement             with Moët Hennessy, sharing administrative and distribution costs.
and reserve4:                                               %                %               %
                                                                                                          Diageo operates wholly owned subsidiaries in the Philippines and
Johnnie Walker                                                4               3                2          Vietnam. In addition, in Vietnam, we own a 45.57% controlling equity
McDowell’s                                                   10              10                1          stake in Hanoi Liquor Joint Stock Company which manufactures and sells
Shui Jing Fang6                                              42              51               51          vodka. In Indonesia, Guinness is brewed by, and distributed through third
Guinness                                                      8               9               (8)         party arrangements.
The Singleton                                                 6               5                5
Smirnoff                                                      –              (4)              (4)         In Greater China our market presence is established through our 63.17%
                                                                                                          equity investment in Sichuan Shuijingfang Company Limited which
Windsor                                                     (16)             (6)              (8)
                                                                                                          manufactures and sells baijiu, and our wholly owned entity Diageo China
Bundaberg                                                     6               4                9
1. For fiscal 21, £14 million has been reclassified from cost of good sold to excise duties
2. For further details on exceptional operating items see pages 151-152                                   4. Spirits brands excluding ready to drink and non-alcoholic variants
3. Flavoured malt beverages have been reclassified from ready to drink to beer from                       5. Organic equals reported volume movement
   1 July 2020. This reflects the nature of these products and how management reviews                     6. Growth figures represent total Chinese white spirits of which Shui Jing Fang is the
   performance. Movements reported in the table above are on a like for like basis.                          principal brand


70        Diageo Annual Report 2021
Limited, which sells Diageo brands, and a joint venture arrangement with      Through programmes such as Learning for Life we reached 2,142 people




                                                                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT
Moët Hennessy where administrative and distribution costs are shared.         with skills and empowerment training.
Diageo operates a wholly owned subsidiary in Taiwan.
                                                                              Water efficiency improved by 9.4% this year and we also began development
In India, we manufacture, market and sell Indian whisky, rum, brandy and      work on a water replenishment programme in Bali. In India, we replenished
other spirits through our 55.94% shareholding in USL. Diageo also sells its   198,500m3 of water. Renewable energy accounts for 98% of our total
own brands through USL.                                                       energy consumption with onsite renewable electricity generation
                                                                              accounting for 54% of our total demand, in India. Consequently, GHG
In Australia, we manufacture, market and sell Diageo products. In             emissions reduced by 80% year-on-year and plans are in development
New Zealand we operate through third party distributors. In North             to eliminate the residual emissions, on our journey to net zero by 2030.
Asia, we have our own distribution company in South Korea. In Japan, sales
are through our wholly owned entity Diageo Japan as well as through joint
venture agreements with Moët Hennessy. Airport shops and airline operators
are serviced through a dedicated Diageo sales and marketing organisation.          Regional performance
In the Middle East, we sell our products through third party distributors.         – Net sales grew 14%, following a significant decline in fiscal 20,
                                                                                     driven by Greater China, India and Australia, partially offset
‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’                                                   by a continued significant decline in Travel Retail Asia and
We continue to promote positive drinking across the region and this                  Middle East.
year saw a number of new partnerships and approaches alongside our                 – Growth reflects strong recovery in China and off-trade
longstanding campaigns. In Taiwan, for example, we formed a partnership              momentum in most markets.
with local doctors to promote moderation and worked with the Mackay                – Slower growth in North Asia and South East Asia reflects
Memorial Hospital in Taipei to incorporate our DRINKiQ resources into the            continuing impact of Covid-19.
training materials used by local government vehicle authorities. In China          – Spirits grew 12% driven mainly by Chinese white spirits,
we signed a memorandum of understanding with one of the country‘s                    IMFL whisky and scotch.
largest e-commerce providers to promote responsible drinking and                   – Operating margin grew 169bps driven primarily by positive
moderate consumption of alcohol among Chinese consumers. Our                         market mix, category mix and operating leverage driven by
SMASHED programme, which educates people on the dangers of                           net sales recovery.
underage drinking, reached 52,189 people, and launched an online
version in India and Australia. In India alone, we reached nine million
people with responsible drinking messages from our brands.




     Market highlights
     India                                                                    South East Asia
     Partial recovery in a challenging environment                            Soft growth due to Covid-19 impact
     Net sales grew 13%, lapping a significant decline in fiscal 20,          Net sales grew 7%, lapping significant decline in fiscal 20. Growth
     despite the continued economic slowdown and the impact of                was mainly driven by strong scotch performance in Vietnam, due
     Covid-19. Growth was driven by off-trade momentum, and the               to Johnnie Walker super deluxe variants and scotch malts. Key
     occurrence of the Indian Premier League which was postponed              Accounts grew 11%, lapping double-digit decline in fiscal 20.
     from fiscal 20, partially offset by the contraction of business in       However, Covid-19 related restrictions continued to impact
     Andhra Pradesh and restrictions in the on-trade channel. The             tourism in many markets.
     Prestige and Above segment grew 12%, with strong performance
     in scotch and growth of the renovated McDowell’s No.1 whisky.            North Asia
     Net sales in the popular brands segment declined 1%.                     Covid-19 continues to impact recovery
                                                                              Net sales grew 9%, lapping double-digit decline in fiscal 20,
     Greater China                                                            driven by momentum in the off trade. Japan net sales grew 8%
     Strong market recovery                                                   benefiting from focussed investment in Johnnie Walker and
     Net sales increased 38%, lapping a decline in fiscal 20. Growth          White Horse. Korea grew net sales 10%, driven primarily by
     was driven by Chinese white spirits and scotch which grew 53%            Johnnie Walker, partially offset by continuing decline in Windsor.
     and 21%, respectively. Double-digit growth in scotch malts and
     Johnnie Walker super deluxe was driven by focussed investment,           Travel Retail Asia and Middle East
     innovation and route to market expansion, including increased            Persistent travel restrictions continue to impact performance
     city coverage and new distribution channels.                             Net sales declined 63%.

     Australia                                                                Marketing
     Strong growth across categories                                          Increased investment behind growth drivers
     Net sales increased 23%, building on mid-single digit growth             Investment increased 16%, mainly in Greater China, across Chinese
     in fiscal 20, benefiting from a strong spirits category, including       white spirits and scotch. Australia and North Asia also invested
     spirits taking share of total beverage alcohol and off-trade             ahead of net sales. Marketing investment was reduced in the more
     momentum. Growth was broad based across categories, with                 impacted markets of South East Asia and Travel Retail Asia and
     particularly strong performance in ready to drink. Ready to drink        Middle East.
     net sales grew 27% supported by the Smirnoff Spiked Seltzers
     and Gordon’s Pink Gin Premix innovations.




                                                                                                                   Diageo Annual Report 2021             71
Business review continued




Category and brand review
     Key categories
                                                                                                                                     Organic volume     Organic net sales   Reported net sales
                                                                                                                                         movement1           movement              movement
                                                                                                                                                  %                    %                    %
     Spirits2                                                                                                                                    11                  18                    11
       Scotch                                                                                                                                    15                  15                     8
       Vodka3,4                                                                                                                                   7                   7                     1
       Canadian whisky                                                                                                                            8                  12                     4
       Rum3                                                                                                                                       –                   7                     1
       Liqueurs                                                                                                                                  15                  22                    18
       Indian-Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) whisky                                                                                                  13                  12                     3
       Tequila                                                                                                                                   70                  79                    67
       Gin3                                                                                                                                      14                  14                    12
       US whiskey                                                                                                                                 3                   7                     1
     Beer5                                                                                                                                        8                   4                    (4)
     Ready to drink5                                                                                                                             24                  30                    21

     1. Organic equals reported volume movement except for rum (1)%, liqueurs 14%, tequila 69%, gin 15%, US whiskey 4%, beer 7% and ready to drink 16%, which were impacted
        by acquisitions and disposals
     2. Spirits brands excluding ready to drink and non-alcoholic variants
     3. Vodka, rum, gin including IMFL brands
     4. Vodka includes Ketel One Botanical
     5. Flavoured malt beverages have been reclassified from ready to drink to beer from 1 July 2020. This reflects the nature of these products and how management reviews performance.
        Movements reported in the table above are on a like for like basis.

     Volume (%)                         Net sales (%)                      Marketing spend (%)
                                                                                                                              Scotch                               Liqueurs
                                                                                                                              Vodka                                Gin
                                                                                                                              US whiskey                           Tequila
                                                                                                                              Canadian whisky                      Beer5
                                                                                                                              Rum                                  Ready to drink5
                                                                                                                              IMFL whisky                          Other




Scotch                                                                                               Vodka
23% of Diageo’s net sales and grew 15%                                                               10% of Diageo’s net sales and grew 7%
Growth in all regions partially offset by the impact of Covid-19 on                                  Growth in all regions except Asia Pacific.
Travel Retail.
                                                                                                     – Cîroc grew 26% driven mainly by US Spirits on the back of refreshed
– Johnnie Walker net sales increased 12% with growth in all regions.                                   activations to engage with Cîroc’s consumer base.
  – Johnnie Walker Reserve grew 23% mainly driven by US Spirits,                                     – Smirnoff net sales increased 5% driven by growth in Smirnoff flavours
     Greater China, Vietnam and South Korea.                                                           in North America, Africa and Latin America and Caribbean partially
  – Johnnie Walker Red Label grew 19% with strong growth in                                            offset by declines in Europe and Turkey and Asia Pacific.
     Brazil, PEBAC, Turkey, Northern Europe and India driven by                                      – Ketel One performance was flat with growth in North America offset
     consumption recovery.                                                                             by a decline in Europe and Turkey.
  – Johnnie Walker Black Label grew 6%, with growth in all regions
     except Africa.                                                                                  Tequila
– Primary scotch brands grew 27% driven by White Horse and                                           8% of Diageo’s net sales and grew 79%
  Black & White in Latin America and Caribbean and Bell’s in Europe                                  Growth was mainly driven by strong performance of Don Julio and
  and Turkey.                                                                                        Casamigos within the fast growing tequila category in North America
– Scotch malts grew 11% driven by Asia Pacific and Europe and                                        which benefitted from its broad occasion appeal.
  Turkey partially offset by a decline in North America.
– Buchanan’s net sales grew 29% driven by strong growth in
  North America and Latin America and Caribbean.
– Old Parr net sales increased 16% driven by strong growth in Brazil.




72         Diageo Annual Report 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                  STRATEGIC REPORT
Canadian whisky                                                                 Global giants
8% of Diageo’s net sales and grew 12%                                           37% of Diageo’s net sales and grew by 9%
Growth of Crown Royal in North America was largely driven by continued          All brands grew net sales apart from Guinness which was flat due to
momentum on flavours with Crown Royal Regal Apple, Crown Royal                  restrictions on the on-trade channel, particularly in Great Britain and
Peach and Crown Royal Vanilla all growing strongly.                             Ireland, which was offset by growth in Guinness Foreign Extra Stout and
                                                                                Guinness Extra Smooth in Africa and Guinness Draught in Can in Europe
Rum                                                                             and Turkey.
6% of Diageo’s net sales and grew 7%
Growth was driven by Captain Morgan in North America, Great Britain,            Local stars
Northern Europe and Southern Europe, Zacapa in North America and                20% of Diageo’s net sales and grew 17%
Europe and Turkey, partially offset by a decline in McDowell’s No.1 in India.   Largely driven by growth in net sales in Chinese white spirits in Asia Pacific,
                                                                                Crown Royal in North America, Buchanan’s in North America and Latin
Liqueurs                                                                        America and Caribbean and McDowell’s No.1 in India.
6% of Diageo’s net sales and grew 22%
Growth was driven by Baileys, which had broad-based growth across               Reserve
all regions. Performance was driven by Baileys Original, the successful         25% of Diageo’s net sales and grew 36%
launches of Baileys Deliciously Light and Baileys Apple Pie limited time        Largely driven by the strong net sales growth of Casamigos and Don Julio
offer and continued focus on Baileys’ positioning as a year-round               in US Spirits, Chinese white spirits in Asia Pacific and Johnnie Walker Reserve
indulgent treat.                                                                variants in all regions.

IMFL whisky                                                                     Global giants, local stars and reserve1:
5% of Diageo’s net sales and grew 12%.
The growth was driven by McDowell’s No.1, McDowell’s No.1 Luxury                                                     Organic volume      Organic net sales   Reported net sales
                                                                                                                         movement2            movement              movement
and Haywards Fine Whisky.                                                                                                         %                     %                    %
                                                                                Global giants
Gin                                                                               Johnnie Walker                                 11                   12                    6
5% of Diageo’s net sales and grew 14%                                             Smirnoff                                        6                    5                   (1)
Growth across all regions with strong double-digit growth in Africa and
                                                                                  Baileys                                        18                   24                   20
Latin America and Caribbean.
                                                                                  Captain Morgan                                 10                    9                    4
– Growth in Africa was mainly driven by Gilbey’s in Kenya and broad-              Tanqueray                                      10                   12                    6
  based growth of Gordon’s across the region.                                     Guinness                                        7                    –                   (6)
– Growth in Latin America and Caribbean was mainly driven by growth             Local stars
  of Tanqueray and Gordon’s in Brazil.                                            Crown Royal                                     9                   12                    5
– Growth in Europe was mainly driven by Gordon’s and Tanqueray in                 Yenì Raki                                       2                   (3)                 (24)
  Great Britain and Tanqueray in Northern Europe.                                 Buchanan’s                                     24                   29                   19
                                                                                  JεB                                             3                    3                   (1)
US whiskey
                                                                                  Windsor                                       (16)                  (6)                  (8)
2% of Diageo’s net sales and grew 7%
Performance was driven by strong growth in Bulleit and George Dickel              Old Parr                                       14                   16                    5
in North America.                                                                 Bundaberg                                       6                    5                   10
                                                                                  Black & White                                  24                   26                   12
Beer                                                                              Ypióca                                         10                    9                  (15)
15% of Diageo’s net sales and grew 4%                                             McDowell’s                                     10                   11                    1
– Guinness was overall flat with strong growth in Africa, particularly            Shui Jing Fang3                                42                   51                   51
  Nigeria following partial recovery of the on-trade and Cameroon due           Reserve
  to improved supply capacity and improved recruitment, offset by
                                                                                  Scotch malts                                  10                    11                    9
  decline in Europe and Turkey where sales decreased 19% due to the
                                                                                  Cîroc vodka                                   23                    26                   19
  continuing impact of Covid-19 on the on-trade, particularly in Ireland
  and Great Britain.                                                              Ketel One4                                     6                     –                   (6)
– Beer in Africa grew 19% driven by Guinness and Malta Guinness.                  Don Julio                                     50                    62                   51
– Smirnoff flavoured malt beverages in Diageo Beer Company USA                    Bulleit                                        9                    10                    3
  increased 17%.                                                                  Casamigos                                    114                   125                  110

Ready to drink                                                                  1. Spirits brands excluding ready to drink and non-alcoholic variants
4% of Diageo’s net sales and grew 30%                                           2. Organic equals reported volume movement
                                                                                3. Growth figures represent total Chinese white spirits of which Shui Jing Fang is
Growth was broad-based across all regions, particularly in the US Spirits          the principal brand
and Australia markets. US Spirits ready to drink performance was driven         4. Ketel One includes Ketel One vodka and Ketel One Botanical
by successful launches of Crown Royal Cocktails and Ketel One Botanical
Vodka Spritz and Australia ready to drink performance was driven by
Smirnoff, Bundaberg and Gordon’s ready to drink variants.




                                                                                                                              Diageo Annual Report 2021                      73
Definitions and reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures



Definitions and reconciliation of
non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures
Diageo’s strategic planning process is based on certain non-GAAP                anniversary of the acquisition date in the current period. The acquisition
measures, including organic movements. These non-GAAP measures                  row also eliminates the impact of transaction costs that have been charged
are chosen for planning and reporting, and some of them are used                to operating profit in the current or prior period in respect of acquisitions
for incentive purposes. The group’s management believes these                   that, in management’s judgement, are expected to be completed.
measures provide valuable additional information for users of the financial
statements in understanding the group’s performance. These non-GAAP             Where a business, brand, brand distribution right or agency agreement
measures should be viewed as complementary to, and not replacements             was disposed of, or terminated, in the reporting period, the group, in the
for, the comparable GAAP measures and reported movements therein.               organic movement calculations, excludes the results for that business from the
                                                                                current and prior period. In the calculation of operating profit, the overheads
It is not possible to reconcile the forecast tax rate before exceptional        included in disposals are only those directly attributable to the businesses
items to the most comparable GAAP measure as it is not possible to              disposed of, and do not result from subjective judgements of management.
predict, without unreasonable effort, with reasonable certainty, the
future impact of changes in exchange rates, acquisitions and disposals          (c) Exceptional items
and potential exceptional items.                                                Exceptional items are those that in management’s judgement need
                                                                                to be disclosed separately. Such items are included within the income
Volume                                                                          statement caption to which they relate, and are excluded from the
Volume is a performance indicator that is measured on an equivalent             organic movement calculations. It is believed that separate disclosure
units basis to nine-litre cases of spirits. An equivalent unit represents one   of exceptional items and the classification between operating and
nine-litre case of spirits, which is approximately 272 servings. A serving      non-operating further helps investors to understand the performance
comprises 33ml of spirits, 165ml of wine, or 330ml of ready to drink or         of the group. Changes in estimates and reversals in relation to items
beer. Therefore, to convert volume of products other than spirits to            previously recognised as exceptional are presented consistently as
equivalent units, the following guide has been used: beer in hectolitres,       exceptional in the current year.
divide by 0.9; wine in nine-litre cases, divide by five; ready to drink in
nine-litre cases, divide by 10; and certain pre-mixed products that are         Exceptional operating items are those that are considered to be material
classified as ready to drink in nine-litre cases, divide by ten.                and unusual or non-recurring in nature and are part of the operating
                                                                                activities of the group such as impairment of intangible assets and fixed
Organic movements                                                               assets, indirect tax settlements, property disposals and changes in post
Organic information is presented using pounds sterling amounts on               employment plans.
a constant currency basis excluding the impact of exceptional items,
certain fair value remeasurement and acquisitions and disposals. Organic        Gains and losses on the sale of businesses, brands or distribution rights,
measures enable users to focus on the performance of the business which         step up gains and losses that arise when an investment becomes an
is common to both years and which represents those measures that local          associate or an associate becomes a subsidiary and other material,
managers are most directly able to influence.                                   unusual non-recurring items, that are not in respect of the production,
                                                                                marketing and distribution of premium drinks, are disclosed as non-
Calculation of organic movements                                                operating exceptional items below operating profit in the consolidated
The organic movement percentage is the amount in the row titled                 income statement.
‘Organic movement’ in the tables below, expressed as a percentage of
the absolute amount in the associated relevant row titled ‘2020 adjusted’.      Exceptional current and deferred tax items, comprising material unusual non-
Organic operating margin is calculated by dividing operating profit             recurring items that impact taxation. Examples include direct tax provisions
before exceptional items by net sales after excluding the impact of             and settlements in respect of prior years and the remeasurement of
exchange rate movements, certain fair value remeasurement and                   deferred tax assets and liabilities following tax rate changes.
acquisitions and disposals.
                                                                                (d) Fair value remeasurement
(a) Exchange rates                                                              Fair value remeasurement in the organic movement calculation reflects
‘Exchange’ in the organic movement calculation reflects the adjustment to       an adjustment to eliminate the impact of fair value changes in biological
recalculate the reported results as if they had been generated at the prior     assets, earn-out arrangements that are accounted for as remuneration
period weighted average exchange rates.                                         and fair value changes relating to contingent consideration liabilities and
                                                                                equity options that arose on acquisitions recognised in the income statement.
Exchange impacts in respect of the external hedging of intergroup sales
by the markets in a currency other than their functional currency and           2019 to 2021 growth on constant basis
the intergroup recharging of services are also translated at prior period       In order to provide the reader with a better understanding of how our
weighted average exchange rates and are allocated to the geographical           2021 performance compares to a pre-Covid-19 environment we are
segment to which they relate. Residual exchange impacts are reported as         disclosing the 2019 to 2021 growth on a constant basis. This measure
part of the Corporate segment. Results from hyperinflationary economies         is not used to incentivise management, however it has been used in
are translated at respective years’ actual rates.                               2021 to understand performance. Management believes that it is a
                                                                                useful measure to understand the trends of our business and recovery
(b) Acquisitions and disposals                                                  towards our pre-Covid-19 performance. Management uses volume, net
For acquisitions in the current period, the post acquisition results are        sales, operating profit as these give the most insight to understand the
excluded from the organic movement calculations. For acquisitions in            trends and recovery of the business. We continue to present an organic
the prior period, post acquisition results are included in full in the prior    movement reconciliation for sales and marketing for 2020 to 2021 as in
period but are included in the organic movement calculation from the            prior periods.



74      Diageo Annual Report 2021
The 2019 adjusted base is an appropriate comparator for 2019 to 2021                     Therefore, in order to provide additional insight on how these parts of
growth calculation on a constant basis, as the rates used for 2020 constant              our business and the performance of the remainder of our business have
currency calculations were not materially different from those used                      been impacted in each of fiscal 20 and fiscal 21 by Covid-19, additional
for 2021 constant currency calculations, and there were no material                      information has been provided about these components and on the
acquisition or disposal related adjustments or accounting treatment                      performance of the business excluding Travel Retail and Guinness.



                                                                                                                                                                           STRATEGIC REPORT
changes in 2021 compared to 2020.                                                        Management uses this information to monitor and assess business
                                                                                         performance and believes that having the additional information provides
2019 to 2021 growth on a constant basis is calculated as adding up the                   them with improved insight to manage the business, particularly related
respective years’ organic movement in the row titled ‘Organic movement’                  to rate of growth. Management also believes that such information will
in the tables below, expressed as a percentage of the absolute amount in                 be similarly useful to the readers of this document.
the associated relevant row titled ‘2019 adjusted’. The most comparable
GAAP financial measure is 2019 to 2021 reported movement % below,                        The measures noted are calculated by excluding the performance of
which is calculated by combining the reported movement for 2019-2020                     Travel Retail and Guinness from ‘2020 adjusted’ and ‘Organic movement’
and 2020-2021, expressed as a percentage of the 2019 reported amount.                    respectively on memo lines, and ‘Movement excluding Travel Retail and
                                                                                         Guinness’ expressed as a percentage of the absolute amount in the associated
Organic growth excluding Travel Retail and Guinness                                      relevant row titled ‘2020 adjusted excluding Travel Retail and Guinness’.
The performance of the Travel Retail channel is dependent on the level of
international travel and the performance of Guinness is highly dependent                 In respect of Global Travel, the decline in this channel due to the impact of
on the availability of the on-trade channel (particularly in Europe and Turkey).         Covid-19 travel restrictions will have also driven some level of incremental
                                                                                         sales of our products in certain domestic markets, which would have a positive
Due to ongoing travel restrictions and market variability of on-trade                    impact on their reported results. It is not possible to quantify the impact of
recovery conditions brought about by the Covid-19 pandemic, we are                       any such incremental sales either at Diageo or an individual market level.
experiencing slower recovery in Travel Retail and Guinness performance.


Organic movement calculations for the year ended 30 June 2021 were as follows:
                                                                         Europe and                       Latin America           Asia
                                                     North America           Turkey             Africa   and Caribbean          Pacific      Corporate           Total
                                                            million          million           million           million        million         million         million
Volume (equivalent units)
2019 reported                                                 49.4             45.4             33.6              22.4           95.1                –           245.9
Disposals7                                                    (2.1)            (0.1)            (2.7)                –              –                –            (4.9)
2019 adjusted                                                 47.3             45.3             30.9              22.4           95.1                –           241.0
   memo: 2019 Travel Retail and Guinness                       2.1              6.6              3.9               0.7            3.8                –            17.1
   memo: 2019 adjusted excluding Travel Retail
   and Guinness                                               45.2             38.7             27.0              21.7           91.3                –           223.9
Organic movement                                               0.1             (5.2)            (4.0)             (3.4)         (14.5)               –           (27.0)
   memo: 2020 Travel Retail and
   Guinness movement                                          (0.3)            (1.5)            (0.7)             (0.1)          (1.5)               –            (4.1)
   memo: 2020 Movement excluding
   Travel Retail and Guinness                                 0.4             (3.7)             (3.3)             (3.3)         (13.0)               –          (22.9)
Acquisitions and disposals7                                   1.0              0.1               1.9                 –              –                –            3.0
2020 reported                                                48.4             40.2              28.8              19.0           80.6                –          217.0
Organic movement %                                              –              (11)              (13)              (15)           (15)               –            (11)
   memo: Organic Movement % excluding
   Travel Retail and Guinness                                    1             (10)              (12)              (15)           (14)               –             (10)

Volume (equivalent units)
2020 reported                                                 48.4             40.2             28.8              19.0           80.6                –           217.0
Disposals8                                                    (0.4)            (0.4)            (1.9)                –              –                –             (2.7)
2020 adjusted                                                 48.0             39.8             26.9              19.0           80.6                –           214.3
   memo: 2020 Travel Retail and Guinness                       1.8              5.1              3.2               0.6            2.3                –            13.0
   memo: 2020 adjusted excluding Travel Retail
   and Guinness                                               46.2             34.7             23.7              18.4           78.3                –           201.3
Organic movement                                               5.1              2.9              4.8               4.1            7.0                –            23.9
   memo: 2021 Travel Retail and
   Guinness movement                                          (0.4)            (1.4)             0.9              (0.1)          (0.7)               –            (1.7)
   memo: 2021 Movement excluding
   Travel Retail and Guinness                                 5.5              4.3               3.9               4.2            7.7                –           25.6
Acquisitions and disposals8                                   0.1                –               0.1                 –              –                –            0.2
2021 reported                                                53.2             42.7              31.8              23.1           87.6                –          238.4
Organic movement %                                            11                 7               18                22               9                –            11
   memo: Organic Movement % excluding
   Travel Retail and Guinness                                  12               12                16                23             10                –              13

2019 to 2021 reported growth %                                  8                  (6)             (5)                3             (8)              –              (3)
2019 to 2021 growth on a constant basis %                      11                  (5)              3                 3             (8)              –              (1)



                                                                                                                               Diageo Annual Report 2021             75
Definitions and reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures continued




                                                                  Europe and                 Latin America        Asia
                                                 North America        Turkey       Africa   and Caribbean       Pacific   Corporate       Total
                                                      £ million     £ million   £ million         £ million   £ million    £ million   £ million
Sales
2020 reported                                           5,222         4,697       1,911             1,184       4,645            38    17,697
Exchange                                                    3           (32)        (22)                1          (5)            –       (55)
Disposals8                                                (26)          (59)        (60)                –          (1)            –      (146)
2020 adjusted                                           5,199         4,606       1,829             1,185       4,639            38    17,496
   memo: 2020 Travel Retail and Guinness                  270           673         319                42         267            26     1,597
   memo: 2020 adjusted excluding Travel Retail
   and Guinness                                         4,929         3,933       1,510             1,143       4,372           12     15,899
Organic movement                                         970           436         368               366         756           (18)    2,878
   memo: 2021 Travel Retail and
   Guinness movement                                      (22)         (150)         88               (13)        (78)         (22)      (197)
   memo: 2021 movement excluding
   Travel Retail and Guinness                            992           586         280               379         834             4      3,075
Acquisitions and disposals8                               30             3           8                 –           –             –         41
Exchange                                                (396)         (250)       (185)             (182)       (249)            –     (1,262)
2021 reported                                          5,803         4,795       2,020             1,369       5,146            20     19,153
Organic movement %                                        19             9          20                31          16           (47)        16
   memo: Organic movement % excluding
   Travel Retail and Guinness                              20            15          19                33          19           33          19

Net sales
2019 reported                                           4,460         2,939       1,597             1,130       2,688            53    12,867
Exchange1                                                  (34)          (19)         (2)                4           1            2        (48)
Reclassification3                                            –             –           –               (10)          –            –        (10)
Disposals7                                                 (75)           (1)        (91)               (1)         (1)           –      (169)
2019 adjusted                                           4,351         2,919       1,504             1,123       2,688            55    12,640
   memo: 2019 Travel Retail and Guinness                  283           622         296                 52        386            42     1,681
   memo: 2019 adjusted excluding Travel Retail
   and Guinness                                         4,068         2,297       1,208             1,071       2,302           13     10,959
Organic movement                                         105          (358)       (200)             (169)       (423)          (16)    (1,061)
   memo: 2020 Travel Retail and
   Guinness movement                                      (33)         (150)        (50)              (11)      (135)          (16)      (395)
   memo: 2020 movement excluding
   Travel Retail and Guinness                            138          (208)       (150)             (158)       (288)            –       (666)
Acquisitions and disposals7                               32            10          50                 –           1             –         93
Exchange1                                                135            (4)         (8)              (46)          4            (1)        80
2020 reported                                          4,623         2,567       1,346               908       2,270            38     11,752
Organic movement %                                         2           (12)        (13)              (15)        (16)          (29)        (8)
   memo: Organic movement % excluding
   Travel Retail and Guinness                                3            (9)       (12)              (15)        (13)            –          (6)




76      Diageo Annual Report 2021
                                                                  Europe and                 Latin America        Asia




                                                                                                                                                      STRATEGIC REPORT
                                                 North America        Turkey       Africa   and Caribbean       Pacific   Corporate          Total
                                                      £ million     £ million   £ million         £ million   £ million    £ million      £ million
Net sales
2020 reported                                           4,623         2,567       1,346               908       2,270            38       11,752
Exchange5                                                   2           (17)        (13)                6           7             –          (15)
Reclassification6                                           –             –           –                 –         (14)            –          (14)
Disposals8                                                (18)          (34)        (47)                –          (1)            –         (100)
2020 adjusted                                           4,607         2,516       1,286               914       2,262            38       11,623
   memo: 2020 Travel Retail and Guinness                  258           471         245                42         241            26        1,283
   memo: 2020 adjusted excluding Travel Retail
   and Guinness                                         4,349         2,045       1,041              872        2,021           12        10,340
Organic movement                                         929           108         258               275         308           (18)       1,860
   memo: 2021 Travel Retail and
   Guinness movement                                      (23)         (119)         73               (13)        (83)         (22)         (187)
   memo: 2021 movement excluding
   Travel Retail and Guinness                            952           227         185               288         391             4         2,047
Acquisitions and disposals8                               28             2           5                 –           –             –            35
Exchange5                                               (355)          (68)       (137)             (143)        (82)            –          (785)
2021 reported                                          5,209         2,558       1,412             1,046       2,488            20        12,733
Organic movement %                                        20             4          20                30          14           (47)           16
   memo: Organic movement % excluding
   Travel Retail and Guinness                              22            11          18                33          19           33             20

2019 to 2021 reported growth %                             17            (13)        (12)               (7)         (7)         (62)            (1)
2019 to 2021 growth on constant basis %                    24             (9)          4                 9          (4)        (62)              6

Marketing
2020 reported                                             727           428         160               155         365             6         1,841
Exchange                                                   10            (5)         (3)                –           1            (3)             –
Disposals8                                                  –             (2)         (1)               –           –             –             (3)
2020 adjusted                                             737           421         156               155         366             3         1,838
   memo: 2020 Travel Retail and Guinness                   58            94          33                 4          40             –           229
   memo: 2020 adjusted excluding Travel Retail
   and Guinness                                           679           327         123               151         326             3         1,609
Organic movement                                          248            56          22                28          60             3          417
   memo: 2021 Travel Retail and
   Guinness movement                                       11           (17)           9                (1)       (15)            –           (13)
   memo: 2021 movement excluding
   Travel Retail and Guinness                             237            73          13                29          75             3          430
Acquisitions8                                              12             –           –                 –           –             –           12
Fair value remeasurement of contingent
considerations, equity option and
earn out arrangements                                       1             –          –                 –           –             –             1
Exchange                                                  (62)           (4)       (10)              (22)         (8)            1          (105)
2021 reported                                             936           473        168               161         418             7         2,163
Organic movement %                                         34            13         14                18          16           100            23
   memo: Organic movement % excluding
   Travel Retail and Guinness                              35            22          11                19          23          100             27




                                                                                                              Diageo Annual Report 2021         77
Definitions and reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures continued


                                                                                                                                          Total
                                                                                                                                       £ million
Operating profit before exceptional items
2019 reported                                                                                                                            4,116
Exchange2                                                                                                                                    –
Acquisition and disposal7                                                                                                                  (29)
2019 adjusted                                                                                                                            4,087
  memo: 2019 Travel Retail and Guinness                                                                                                    759
  memo: 2019 adjusted excluding Travel Retail
  and Guinness                                                                                                                           3,328
Organic movement                                                                                                                         (589)
  memo: 2020 Travel Retail and
  Guinness movement                                                                                                                      (289)
  memo: 2020 movement excluding
  Travel Retail and Guinness                                                                                                             (300)
Acquisitions and disposals7                                                                                                                (5)
Fair value remeasurement of contingent
considerations and equity option4                                                                                                          (7)
Fair value remeasurement of biological assets                                                                                               9
Exchange2                                                                                                                                  (1)
2020 reported                                                                                                                           3,494
Organic movement %                                                                                                                        (14)
  memo: Organic movement % excluding
  Travel Retail and Guinness                                                                                                                 (9)


                                                                  Europe and                 Latin America        Asia
                                                 North America        Turkey       Africa   and Caribbean       Pacific   Corporate       Total
                                                      £ million     £ million   £ million         £ million   £ million    £ million   £ million
Operating profit before exceptional items
2020 reported                                           2,034           757         101               248         501         (147)      3,494
Exchange5                                                  44           (18)         11                10           9           (5)         51
Fair value remeasurement of contingent
considerations and equity option                           10             4           –                (7)          –            –            7
Fair value remeasurement of biological assets               –             –           –                (9)          –            –           (9)
Disposals8                                                 (1)           (9)          –                 –           –            –         (10)
2020 adjusted                                           2,087           734         112               242         510         (152)      3,533
   memo: 2020 Travel Retail and Guinness                   80           185          56                24         113           20         478
   memo: 2020 adjusted excluding Travel Retail
   and Guinness                                         2,007           549         56               218         397          (172)      3,055
Organic movement                                         352            (38)       113               153         113           (66)       627
   memo: 2021 Travel Retail and
   Guinness movement                                      (27)          (76)         24                 (8)       (47)         (13)      (147)
   memo: 2021 movement excluding
   Travel Retail and Guinness                             379            38          89              161         160           (53)       774
Acquisitions8                                             (18)           (3)          –                –           –             –        (21)
Fair value remeasurement of contingent
considerations, equity option and earn
out arrangements                                          (9)           (27)         –                 –           –             –        (36)
Exchange5                                               (175)           (31)       (54)              (92)        (15)           10       (357)
2021 reported                                          2,237            635        171               303         608          (208)     3,746
Organic movement %                                        17             (5)       101                63          22           (43)        18
   memo: Organic movement % excluding
   Travel Retail and Guinness                              19              7       159                 74          40          (31)         25

Organic operating margin %
2021                                                     44.1          26.5        14.6              33.2        24.2          n/a        30.9
2020                                                      45.3          29.2        8.7              26.5        22.5          n/a        30.4
Margin movement (bps)                                    (124)         (265)       586               674         169           n/a         46

2019 to 2021 reported growth %                                                                                                               (9)
2019 to 2021 growth on constant basis %                                                                                                       1

i. For the reconciliation of sales to net sales see page 57.
ii. Percentages and margin movement are calculated on rounded figures.




78      Diageo Annual Report 2021
Notes: Information in respect of the organic movement calculations
1. The impact of movements in exchange rates on reported figures for net sales is principally in respect of the translation exchange impact of the weakening of sterling against the US dollar,
   partially offset by strengthening of sterling against the Brazilian real, the Australian dollar and the euro
2. The impact of movements in exchange rates on reported figures for operating profit is principally in respect of the transactional exchange impact of the weakening of the Brazilian real,
   the Colombian peso and the Nigerian naira, broadly offset by translational exchange impact of the strengthening of the US dollar against sterling
3. For the year ended 30 June 2019, trade investment of £10 million has been reclassified from marketing to net sales




                                                                                                                                                                                                            STRATEGIC REPORT
4. Change in contingent consideration re Casamigos was reported as part of acquisitions in year ended 30 June 2019
5. The impact of movements in exchange rates on reported figures for net sales and operating profit are principally in respect of the translation exchange impact of the strengthening of sterling
   against the US dollar, the Brazilian real, the Indian rupee and the Turkish lira, partially offset by the weakening of sterling against the euro
6. In the year ended 30 June 2021, £14 million has been reclassified from cost of goods sold to excise duties
7. In the year ended 30 June 2020, the acquisitions and disposals that affected volume, net sales and operating profit were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                            Operating
                                                                                                                                                         Volume          Net sales              profit
                                                                                                                                               equ. units million        £ million           £ million
Year ended 30 June 2019
Acquisition
  Change in contingent consideration re Casamigos                                                                                                              –                –                    15
                                                                                                                                                               –                –                    15
Disposals
  Portfolio of 19 brands                                                                                                                                     (2.2)           (79)                    (42)
  South African ready to drink                                                                                                                               (0.5)           (43)                      –
  South African cider                                                                                                                                           –             (4)                     (1)
  UNB                                                                                                                                                        (2.2)           (43)                     (1)
                                                                                                                                                             (4.9)          (169)                    (44)

Acquisitions and disposals                                                                                                                                   (4.9)          (169)                    (29)

Year ended 30 June 2020
Acquisition
  Seedlip and Aecorn                                                                                                                                          0.1              12                     (8)
                                                                                                                                                              0.1              12                     (8)
Disposals
  Supply contracts in respect of the 19 brands sold to Sazerac                                                                                               1.1              31                      3
  South African ready to drink                                                                                                                               0.3              19                      –
  UNB                                                                                                                                                        1.5              31                      –
                                                                                                                                                             2.9              81                      3

Acquisitions and disposals                                                                                                                                    3.0              93                     (5)

8. In the year ended 30 June 2021, the acquisitions and disposals that affected volume, sales, net sales, marketing and operating profit were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                            Operating
                                                                                                                Volume               Sales             Net sales       Marketing                profit
                                                                                                      equ. units million          £ million            £ million        £ million            £ million
Year ended 30 June 2020
Disposals
  UNB                                                                                                              (1.5)               (29)                   (29)             (1)                  –
  Budweiser distribution license termination                                                                       (0.3)               (57)                   (32)             (2)                 (9)
  Supply contracts in respect of the 19 brands sold to Sazerac                                                     (0.6)               (29)                   (21)              –                  (1)
  South African ready to drink                                                                                     (0.3)               (31)                   (18)              –                   –
                                                                                                                  (2.7)              (146)                  (100)              (3)               (10)


Year ended 30 June 2021
Acquisitions
  Aviation Gin and Davos Brands                                                                                    0.1                  26                    24              (9)                (14)
  Chase Distillery                                                                                                   –                   3                     2               –                  (3)
  Lone River                                                                                                         –                   3                     3              (2)                 (3)
  Loyal 9 Cocktails                                                                                                  –                   1                     1              (1)                 (1)
                                                                                                                   0.1                  33                    30             (12)                (21)
Disposal
  South African ready to drink                                                                                     0.1                   8                     5                –                     –
                                                                                                                   0.1                   8                     5                –                     –


Acquisitions and disposals                                                                                         0.2                  41                    35             (12)                (21)




                                                                                                                                                        Diageo Annual Report 2021                     79
Definitions and reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures continued




Earnings per share before exceptional items
Earnings per share before exceptional items is calculated by dividing profit attributable to equity shareholders of the parent company before exceptional
items by the weighted average number of shares in issue.

Earnings per share before exceptional items for the year ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020 are set out in the table below:
                                                                                                                                     2021              2020
                                                                                                                                  £ million         £ million
Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the parent company                                                                   2,660             1,409
Exceptional operating and non-operating items                                                                                          1             1,380
Exceptional taxation charges/(benefits)                                                                                               88                 –
Tax in respect of exceptional operating and non-operating items                                                                       (4)             (154)
Exceptional items attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                            1               (69)
                                                                                                                                   2,746             2,566

                                                                                                                                    million          million
Weighted average number of shares
Shares in issue excluding own shares                                                                                               2,337             2,346
Dilutive potential ordinary shares                                                                                                     8                 8
                                                                                                                                   2,345             2,354

                                                                                                                                    pence             pence
Basic earnings per share before exceptional items                                                                                  117.5             109.4
Diluted earnings per share before exceptional items                                                                                117.1             109.0


Free cash flow
Free cash flow comprises the net cash flow from operating activities aggregated with the net cash received/paid for working capital loans receivable,
cash paid or received for investments and the net cash cost paid for property, plant and equipment and computer software that are included in net cash
flow from investing activities.

The remaining components of net cash flow from investing activities that do not form part of free cash flow, as defined by the group’s management,
are in respect of the acquisition and sale of businesses and non-working capital loans to and from associates.

The group’s management regards the purchase and disposal of property, plant and equipment and computer software as ultimately non-discretionary
since ongoing investment in plant, machinery and technology is required to support the day-to-day operations, whereas acquisition and sale of businesses
are discretionary.

Where appropriate, separate explanations are given for the impacts of acquisition and sale of businesses, dividends paid and the purchase of own shares,
each of which arises from decisions that are independent from the running of the ongoing underlying business.

Free cash flow reconciliations for the year ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020 are set out in the table below:
                                                                                                                                      2021             2020
                                                                                                                                   £ million        £ million
Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                                                           3,654            2,320
Disposal of property, plant and equipment and computer software                                                                        13               14
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and computer software                                                                      (626)            (700)
Movements in loans and other investments                                                                                               (4)               –
Free cash flow                                                                                                                      3,037            1,634




80      Diageo Annual Report 2021
Operating cash conversion



                                                                                                                                                                                                         STRATEGIC REPORT
Operating cash conversion is calculated by dividing cash generated from operations excluding cash inflows and outflows in respect of exceptional items,
dividends received from associates, maturing inventories, provisions, other items and post employment payments in excess of the amount charged to
operating profit by operating profit before depreciation, amortisation, impairment and exceptional operating items.

The ratio is stated at the budgeted exchange rates for the respective year in line with management reporting and is expressed as a percentage.

Operating cash conversion for the year ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020 were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                         2021                 2020
                                                                                                                                                                      £ million            £ million
Operating profit                                                                                                                                                       3,731                 2,137
Exceptional operating items                                                                                                                                               15                 1,357
Fair value remeasurement                                                                                                                                                  36                    (2)
Depreciation and amortisation1                                                                                                                                           447                   494
Retranslation to budgeted exchange rates                                                                                                                                 375                    (2)
                                                                                                                                                                       4,604                 3,984

Cash generated from operations                                                                                                                                         4,857                 3,529
Net exceptional cash received2                                                                                                                                           (49)                   (1)
Post employment payments less amounts included in operating profit1                                                                                                       35                   109
Net movement in maturing inventories3                                                                                                                                    174                   262
Provision movement                                                                                                                                                        60                   (22)
Dividends received from associates                                                                                                                                      (290)                   (4)
Other items1                                                                                                                                                             (88)                   14
Retranslation to budgeted exchange rates                                                                                                                                 387                    12
                                                                                                                                                                       5,086                 3,899

Operating cash conversion                                                                                                                                            110.5%                 97.9%

1. Excluding exceptional items
2. Exceptional cash received for substitution drawback was £60 million (2020 – £26 million), exceptional cash payments for other donations was £1million (2020 – £7 million) and for tax payments
   £10 million (2020 – £18 million)
3. Excluding non-cash movements such as exchange and the impact of acquisitions and disposals

Return on average total invested capital
Return on average total invested capital is used by management to assess the return obtained from the group’s asset base and is calculated to aid
evaluation of the performance of the business.

The profit used in assessing the return on average total invested capital reflects operating profit before exceptional items attributable to the equity
shareholders of the parent company plus share of after tax results of associates and joint ventures after applying the tax rate before exceptional items for
the year. Average total invested capital is calculated using the average derived from the consolidated balance sheets at the beginning, middle and end of
the year. Average capital employed comprises average net assets attributable to equity shareholders of the parent company for the year, excluding post
employment benefit net assets/liabilities (net of deferred tax) and average net borrowings. This average capital employed is then aggregated with the
average restructuring and integration costs net of tax, and goodwill written off to reserves at 1 July 2004, the date of transition to IFRS, to obtain the
average total invested capital.

Calculations for the return on average total invested capital for the year ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020 are set out in the table below:
                                                                                                                                                                         2021                 2020
                                                                                                                                                                      £ million            £ million
Operating profit                                                                                                                                                       3,731                 2,137
Exceptional operating items                                                                                                                                               15                 1,357
Profit before exceptional operating items attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                     (138)                 (114)
Share of after tax results of associates and joint ventures                                                                                                              334                   282
Tax at the tax rate before exceptional items of 22.2% (2020 – 21.7%)                                                                                                    (906)                 (795)
                                                                                                                                                                       3,036                 2,867

Average net assets (excluding net post employment assets/liabilities)                                                                                                  8,146                9,063
Average non-controlling interests                                                                                                                                     (1,587)              (1,723)
Average net borrowings                                                                                                                                                12,672               12,551
Average integration and restructuring costs (net of tax)                                                                                                               1,639                1,639
Goodwill at 1 July 2004                                                                                                                                                1,562                1,562
Average total invested capital                                                                                                                                        22,432               23,092
Return on average total invested capital                                                                                                                              13.5 %               12.4 %


                                                                                                                                                    Diageo Annual Report 2021                       81
Definitions and reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures continued




Adjusted net borrowings to earnings before exceptional operating items, interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and impairment
(adjusted EBITDA)
Diageo manages its capital structure with the aim of achieving capital efficiency, providing flexibility to invest through the economic cycle and giving
efficient access to debt markets at attractive cost levels. The group regularly assesses its debt and equity capital levels to enhance its capital structure by
reviewing the ratio of adjusted net borrowings to adjusted EBITDA.

Calculations for the ratio of adjusted net borrowings to adjusted EBITDA at 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020 are set out in the table below:
                                                                                                                                             2021              2020
                                                                                                                                          £ million         £ million
Borrowings due within one year                                                                                                            1,862             1,995
Borrowings due after one year                                                                                                            12,865            14,790
Fair value of foreign currency derivatives and interest rate hedging instruments                                                           (232)             (686)
Lease liabilities                                                                                                                           363               470
Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                          (2,749)           (3,323)
Net borrowings                                                                                                                           12,109            13,246
Post employment benefit liabilities before tax                                                                                              574               749
Adjusted net borrowings                                                                                                                  12,683            13,995

Operating profit                                                                                                                           3,731             2,137
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment (excluding exceptional items)                                                                      447               494
Share of after tax results of associates and joint ventures                                                                                  334               282
Exceptional impairment                                                                                                                         –             1,345
Non-operating items                                                                                                                           14                (23)
EBITDA                                                                                                                                     4,526             4,235
Exceptional operating items (excluding impairment)                                                                                            15                 12
Non-operating items                                                                                                                          (14)                23
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                                            4,527             4,270

Adjusted net borrowings to adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                    2.8                 3.3


Tax rate before exceptional items
Tax rate before exceptional items is calculated by dividing the total tax charge on continuing operations before tax charges and credits in respect of
exceptional items, by profit before taxation adjusted to exclude the impact of exceptional operating and non-operating items, expressed as a percentage.
The measure is used by management to assess the rate of tax applied to the group’s continuing operations before tax on exceptional items.

The tax rates from operations before exceptional and after exceptional items for the year ended 30 June 2021 and year ended 30 June 2020 are set out in
the table below:
                                                                                                                                             2021              2020
                                                                                                                                          £ million         £ million
Tax before exceptional items (a)                                                                                                             823                743
Tax in respect of exceptional items                                                                                                           (4)              (154)
Exceptional tax charge                                                                                                                        88                  –
Taxation on profit (b)                                                                                                                       907                589

Profit before taxation and exceptional items (c)                                                                                           3,707             3,423
Non-operating items                                                                                                                           14               (23)
Exceptional operating items                                                                                                                  (15)           (1,357)
Profit before taxation (d)                                                                                                                 3,706             2,043

Tax rate before exceptional items (a/c)                                                                                                  22.2 %            21.7 %
Tax rate after exceptional items (b/d)                                                                                                   24.5 %            28.8 %




82       Diageo Annual Report 2021
Other definitions



                                                                                                                                                              STRATEGIC REPORT
Volume share is a brand’s retail volume expressed as a percentage of          References to global giants include the following brand families: Johnnie
the retail volume of all brands in its segment. Value share is a brand’s      Walker, Smirnoff, Captain Morgan, Baileys, Tanqueray and Guinness. Local
retail sales value expressed as a percentage of the retail sales value        stars spirits include Buchanan’s, Bundaberg, Crown Royal, JεB, McDowell’s,
of all brands in its segment. Unless otherwise stated, share refers to        Old Parr, Yenì Raki, Black & White, Shui Jing Fang, Windsor and Ypióca.
value share.                                                                  Global giants and local stars exclude ready to drink and beer except
                                                                              Guinness. References to Shui Jing Fang represent total Chinese
Price/mix is the number of percentage points by which the organic             white spirits of which Shui Jing Fang is the predominant brand.
movement in net sales differs to the organic movement in volume.
The difference arises because of changes in the composition of sales          References to ready to drink also include ready to serve products, such
between higher and lower priced variants/markets or as price changes          as pre-mixed cans in some markets.
are implemented.
                                                                              References to beer include cider, flavoured malt beverages and some
Shipments comprise the volume of products made to Diageo’s immediate          non-alcoholic products such as Malta Guinness.
(first tier) customers. Depletions are the estimated volume of the onward
sales made by Diageo’s immediate customers. Both shipments and                The results of Hop House 13 Lager are included in the Guinness figures.
depletions are measured on an equivalent units basis.
                                                                              References to the disposal of a portfolio of 19 brands comprise the
References to emerging markets include Poland, Eastern Europe, Turkey,        following brands that were primarily sold in the United States: Seagram’s
Africa, Latin America and Caribbean, and Asia Pacific (excluding Australia,   VO, Seagram’s 83, Seagram’s Five Star, Popov, Myers’s, Parrot Bay, Yukon
Korea and Japan).                                                             Jack, Romana Sambuca, Scoresby, Goldschlager, Relska, Stirrings, The Club,
                                                                              Booth’s, Black Haus, Peligroso, Grind, Piehole and John Begg.
References to reserve brands include, but are not limited to, Johnnie
Walker Blue Label, Johnnie Walker Green Label, Johnnie Walker Gold            References to the group include Diageo plc and its consolidated subsidiaries.
Label Reserve, Johnnie Walker Aged 18 Years, John Walker & Sons
Collection and other Johnnie Walker super premium brands; Roe &
Co; The Singleton, Cardhu, Talisker, Lagavulin and other malt brands;
Buchanan’s Special Reserve, Buchanan’s Red Seal; Bulleit Bourbon, Bulleit          This Strategic Report, which has been approved
Rye; Tanqueray No. TEN, Tanqueray ready to drink, Tanqueray Malacca Gin;           by a duly appointed and authorised committee
Cîroc, Ketel One vodka, Ketel One Botanical; Don Julio, Casamigos, Zacapa,
                                                                                   of the Board of Directors, was signed on its behalf
Bundaberg SDlx, Shui Jing Fang, Jinzu gin, Haig Club whisky, Orphan Barrel
whiskey and DeLeón; Villa Ascenti, Copper Dog whisky, Belsazar, and                by Siobhán Moriarty, the Company Secretary,
Pierde Almas.                                                                      on 28 July 2021.




                                                                                                                    Diageo Annual Report 2021            83
Board of Directors


Diversity, balance and experience




  N                              E                             E                            A   N   R                   A   N   R




Javier Ferrán                  Ivan Menezes                  Lavanya                      Susan Kilsby                Melissa Bethell
Chairman                       Chief Executive               Chandrashekar                Senior Independent          Non-Executive Director
Nationality: Spanish           Nationality: American/        Chief Financial Officer      Director                    Nationality: American/
Appointed: Chairman            British                       Nationality: American        Nationality: American/      British
and Chairman of the            Appointed: Chief              Appointed: Chief Financial   British                     Appointed: Non-Executive
Nomination Committee:          Executive: July 2013          Officer and Executive        Appointed: Senior           Director: June 2020
January 2017 (Appointed        (Appointed Executive          Director: July 2021          Independent Director:       Key strengths: Has
Chairman Designate and         Director: July 2012)          Key strengths: Brings        October 2019 (Appointed     extensive international
Non-Executive Director:        Key strengths: Has            broad financial expertise,   Non-Executive Director:     corporate and financial
July 2016)                     extensive experience          commercial skills and        April 2018 and Chairman     experience, including in
Key strengths: Brings          of over 20 years with         strong consumer goods        of the Remuneration         relation to private equity,
extensive board-level          the Diageo group              experience to manage         Committee: January 2019)    financial sectors, strategic
experience from the            at operational and            the group’s affairs          Key strengths: Brings       consultancy and advisory
drinks and consumer            leadership levels and         relating to financial        wide-ranging corporate      services, as well as having
products industry,             within the consumer           controls, accounting,        governance and board        strong non-executive
including at chief executive   products industry, which      tax, treasury and            level experience across     experience at board
level, and has a wealth of     brings valuable insight       investor relations           a number of industries,     and committee levels
experience in consumer         to lead the group and         Previous Diageo roles:       including a consumer        across a range of
goods through his venture      implement the strategy        Chief Financial Officer,     goods sector focus, with    industries, including
capital activities to draw     Current external              Diageo North America         particular expertise in     retail, consumer goods
from in his role as Chairman   appointments: Vice            and Global Head of           mergers and acquisitions,   and financial services
and leader of the Board        Chairman of the Council,      Investor Relations           corporate finance and       Current external
Current external               Scotch Whisky Association;    Previous relevant            transaction advisory work   appointments: Managing
appointments: Chairman,        Non-Executive Director,       experience: Vice President   Current external            Partner, Atairos Europe;
International Consolidated     Tapestry Inc.; Member         Finance, Global Cost         appointments: Non-          Non-Executive Director,
Airlines Group, S.A.; Senior   of the Global Advisory        Leadership and Supply        Executive Chair, Fortune    Tesco PLC, Exor N.V.
Advisor and chairman of        Board, Kellogg School         Chain, Mondelēz              Brands Home & Security,     Previous relevant
investee company board,        of Management,                International; VP Finance,   Inc.; Non-Executive         experience: Managing
BlackRock Long Term            Northwestern University;      North America, Mondelēz      Director, Unilever PLC,     Director and Senior
Private Capital                Trustee, Movement             International; VP Finance,   BHP Group Plc, BHP Group    Advisor, Private Equity,
Previous relevant              to Work; Member,              Eastern Europe, Middle       Limited; Member, the        Bain Capital; Non-Executive
experience: Non-Executive      International Alliance        East and Africa, Mondelēz    Takeover Panel              Director, Atento S.A.,
Director and Senior            for Responsible Drinking,     International; various       Previous relevant           Worldpay plc,
Independent Director,          CEO Group                     senior finance roles at      experience: Senior          Samsonite S.A.
Associated British Foods       Previous Diageo roles:        Procter & Gamble             Independent Director and
plc; Non-Executive Director,   Chief Operating Officer;                                   Chair of Remuneration
Coca-Cola European             President, North America;                                  Committee, BHP Group Plc,
Partners plc; Member,          Chairman, Diageo                                           BHP Group Limited; Senior
Advisory Board of ESADE        Asia Pacific; Chairman,                                    Independent Director,
Business School; President     Diageo Latin America                                       BBA Aviation plc;
and CEO, Bacardi Limited;      and Caribbean; senior                                      Chairman, Shire plc;
Non-Executive Director,        management positions,                                      Chairman, Mergers and
SABMiller plc                  Guinness and then Diageo                                   Acquisitions EMEA, Credit
                               Previous relevant                                          Suisse; Senior Advisor,
                               experience: marketing                                      Credit Suisse; Non-
                               and strategy roles, Nestlé,                                Executive Director,
                               Booz Allen Hamilton Inc.                                   Goldman
                               and Whirlpool                                              Sachs International,
                                                                                          Keurig Green Mountain,
                                                                                          L’Occitane International,
                                                                                          Coca-Cola HBC




84      Diageo Annual Report 2021
  A   N   R                      A   N   R                      A   N    R                         A   N   R                     A   N   R




Valérie Chapoulaud-           Sir John Manzoni                Lady Mendelsohn                    Alan Stewart                  Ireena Vittal
Floquet                       Non-Executive Director          Non-Executive Director             Non-Executive Director        Non-Executive Director




                                                                                                                                                             CORPORATE
                                                                                                                                                                CORPORATE
                                                                                                                                                                       GOVERNANCE
                                                                                                                                                                           GOVERNANCE
Non-Executive Director        Nationality: British            Nationality: British               Nationality: British          Nationality: Indian
Nationality: French           Appointed: Non-Executive        Appointed: Non-Executive           Appointed: Non-Executive      Appointed: Non-Executive
Appointed: Non-Executive      Director: October 2020          Director: September 2014           Director: September 2014      Director: October 2020
Director: January 2021        Key strengths: Has              Key strengths: Has                 (Appointed Chairman           Key strengths: Brings a
Key strengths: Brings         strong commercial               specialist knowledge and           of the Audit Committee:       wealth of FMCG experience
strong experience and         executive experience as a       understanding of consumer-         January 2017)                 from a career in executive
expertise in the luxury       former CEO in the energy        facing emerging technologies,      Key strengths: Has a          consulting with a focus
consumer goods sector,        sector and non-executive        privacy and data issues, as        strong background in          on consumer sectors
having spent her career in    board level experience,         well as wide experience of         financial, investment         and emerging markets,
the industry working in a     including in the alcoholic      board and committee level          banking and commercial        including India, as well
number of international       beverage industry, as well      appointments across diverse        matters, with particular      as broad experience in
markets, including            as more recent expertise        commercial, governmental           expertise in consumer         non-executive board
developed and emerging        in public policy and            and charitable institutions,       retail industries, as well    roles in the UK and India
markets, and as a former      government affairs              as well as advisory roles in       as board and committee        Current external
CEO in the premium            Current external                advertising and production         level experience at           appointments: Non-
drinks industry               appointments: Chairman,         of consumer goods                  industry institutions         Executive Director,
Current external              SSE plc; Chairman, Atomic       Current external                   Current external              Compass Group PLC,
appointments: Non-            Weapons Establishment           appointments: Vice                 appointments: Member          Housing Development
Executive Director,           Previous relevant               President, Facebook                of the Advisory Board,        Finance Corporation
Nextstage S.C.A.; Jacobs      experience: Chief               EMEA and Interim Head of           Chartered Institute of        Limited; Non-Executive
Holding AG; Vice              Executive of the Civil          the Global Business Group,         Management Accountants        and Lead Independent
Chairman, Sofisport           Service and Permanent           Facebook; Co-President,            Previous relevant             Director, Godrej
Previous relevant             Secretary of the Cabinet        Norwood; Member,                   experience: Chief Finance     Consumer Products
experience: Chief             Office, HM Government;          Mayor’s Business Advisory          Officer, Tesco PLC;           Limited, Wipro Limited
Executive Officer, Rémy       President and Chief             Board; Chair, Follicular           Non-Executive Director,       Previous relevant
Cointreau S.A.; President     Executive Officer, Talisman     Lymphoma Foundation                Tesco Bank; Chief Financial   experience: Head of
and CEO for the Americas,     Energy; Chief Executive,        Previous relevant                  Officer, Marks & Spencer      Marketing and Sales,
Louis Vuitton, LVMH Group;    Refining & Marketing,           experience: Executive              Group plc, AWAS;              Hutchinson Max Telecom;
President and CEO for         BP p.l.c.; Chief Executive,     Chairman, Karmarama; Deputy        Non-Executive Director,       Partner, McKinsey and
North America, Louis          Gas & Power, BP p.l.c.;         Chairman, Grey London; Board       Games Workshop plc;           Company; Non-Executive
Vuitton, LVMH Group;          Non-Executive Director,         Director, BBH, Fragrance           Group Finance Director,       Director, Titan Company
President South Europe,       SABMiller plc                   Foundation; President, Institute   WH Smith PLC; Chief           Limited, Tata Global
Louis Vuitton, LVMH Group;                                    of Practitioners in Advertising;   Executive, Thomas             Beverages Limited, Tata
President and CEO, Louis                                      Director, Women’s Prize for        Cook UK                       Industries, GlaxoSmithKline
Vuitton Taiwan, LVMH                                          Fiction; Co-Chair, Creative                                      Consumer Healthcare
Group; President, Luxury                                      Industries Council; Member,
Product Division for the                                      HMG Industrial Strategy
USA, L’Oréal Group                                            Council; Board Member,
                                                              CEW; Trustee, White Ribbon
                                                              Alliance; Chair, Corporate
                                                              Board, Women’s Aid



  Other changes since 1 July 2020                                                  Board Committees
  – Siobhán Moriarty will retire as General Counsel & Company
    Secretary of Diageo plc with effect from the end of the Annual                  A   Audit Committee
    General Meeting to be held on 30 September 2021 and will be                     E   Executive Committee
    succeeded by Tom Shropshire.                                                    N   Nomination Committee
  – Kathryn Mikells ceased to be Chief Financial Officer and Executive              R   Remuneration Committee
    Director on 30 June 2021.
  – Ho KwonPing ceased to be a Non-Executive Director on                                Chairman of the committee
    28 September 2020.



                                                                                                                     Diageo Annual Report 2021         85
Executive Committee


Broad skills, diversity and expertise
Siobhán Moriarty                                   Hina Nagarajan                                         Daniel Mobley
General Counsel &                                  Managing Director and CEO                              Global Corporate
Company Secretary                                  of United Spirits Limited                              Relations Director
Nationality: Irish                                 Nationality: Indian                                    Nationality: British
Appointed: July 2013                               Appointed: July 2021                                   Appointed: June 2017
Previous Diageo roles: General Counsel             Previous Diageo roles: CEO-Designate, United           Previous Diageo roles: Corporate Relations
Designate; Corporate M&A Counsel; Regional         Spirits Limited; Managing Director, Africa             Director, Europe
Counsel Ireland; General Counsel Europe            Regional Markets                                       Previous relevant experience: Regional
Current external appointments: Non-Executive       Previous relevant experience:                          Head of Corporate Affairs, India & South Asia,
Director, Friends Board of the Royal Academy       Managing Director, China & SVP North Asia,             Regional Head of Corporate Affairs, Africa,
of Arts; Board Member, European General            Reckitt Benckiser; General Manager, Malaysia           Group Head of Government Relations, Standard
Counsel Association                                & Singapore, Reckitt Benckiser; CEO &                  Chartered; extensive government experience
Previous relevant experience: various positions    MD Mary Kay India; senior marketing and                including in HM Treasury and Foreign &
in law firm private practice, Dublin and London    general management roles, ICI Paints India             Commonwealth Office
                                                   and Nestlé India

Ewan Andrew                                        Alvaro Cardenas                                        Mairéad Nayager
President, Global Supply                           President, Latin America                               Chief HR Officer
Chain and Procurement &                            and Caribbean                                          Nationality: Irish
Chief Sustainability Officer                       Nationality: Colombian                                 Appointed: October 2015
Nationality: British                               Appointed: January 2021                                Previous Diageo roles:
Appointed: September 2019                          Previous Diageo roles: Managing Director,              HR Director, Diageo Europe; HR Director,
Previous Diageo roles: Supply Director,            Andean Region; Director, End-to-End Global             Brandhouse, South Africa; HR Director, Diageo
International Supply Centre; Senior Vice           Commercial Processes; Finance Director, South          Africa Regional Markets; Talent & Organisational
President, Supply Chain & Procurement, Latin       East Asia Region, PUB (Paraguay, Uruguay and           Effectiveness Director, Diageo Africa; Employee
America & Caribbean; Senior Vice President         Brazil) Region, Andean Region, Colombia                Relations Manager, Diageo Ireland
Manufacturing & Distilling, North America;                                                                Previous relevant experience: Irish Business and
various supply chain, operational management                                                              Employers’ Confederation
and procurement roles
Current external appointments: Member,
Scotch Whisky Association Council

Debra Crew                                         John Kennedy                                           Sam Fischer
President, North                                   President, Europe and                                  President, Asia Pacific &
America & Global Supply                            India                                                  Global Travel
Nationality: American                              Nationality: American                                  Nationality: Australian
Appointed: July 2020                               Appointed: July 2016                                   Appointed:
Previous Diageo roles: Non-Executive Director,     Previous Diageo roles: President, Europe and           September 2014
Diageo plc                                         Western Europe; Chief Operating Officer,               Previous Diageo roles: Managing Director,
Current external appointments: Non-Executive       Western Europe; Marketing Director, Australia;         Diageo Greater China; Managing Director of
Director, Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.             General Manager for Innovation, North America;         South East Asia, Diageo Asia Pacific; General
Previous relevant experience: Non-Executive        President and Chief Executive Officer, Diageo          Manager, Diageo IndoChina and Vietnam
Director, Newell Brands, Mondelēz International    Canada; Managing Director, Diageo Ireland              Current external appointments: Non-Executive
Inc.; President and CEO, Reynolds American, Inc;   Previous relevant experience: brand                    Director, Burberry Group Plc
President, PepsiCo North America Nutrition,        management roles, GlaxoSmithKline and                  Previous relevant experience: Senior
PepsiCo Americas Beverages, Western Europe         Quaker Oats                                            management roles across Central Europe and
Region; various positions with Kraft Foods,                                                               Indochina, Colgate Palmolive
Nestlé, S.A., and Mars


Cristina Diezhandino                               John O’Keeffe                                          Tom Shropshire
Chief Marketing Officer                            President, Africa & Beer                               General Counsel &
Nationality: Spanish                               Nationality: Irish                                     Company Secretary
Appointed: July 2020                               Appointed: July 2015                                   Designate
Previous Diageo roles:                             Previous Diageo roles:                                 Nationality: American/
Global Category Director, Scotch & Managing        CEO and Managing Director, Guinness Nigeria;           British
Director, Reserve Brands; Managing Director,       Global Head, Innovation; Global Head, Beer             Appointed: July 2021
Caribbean and Central America; Marketing &         and Baileys; Managing Director, Russia and             Current external appointments: Member of
Innovation Director, Diageo Africa; Category       Eastern Europe; various management and                 the Steering Committee, The Parker Review;
Director, Scotch Portfolio & Gins; Global Brand    marketing positions                                    Trustee, Charity Projects Limited (Comic Relief);
Director, Johnnie Walker                                                                                  Director, Comic Relief Limited
Previous relevant experience: Corporate                                                                   Previous relevant experience: Partner & Global
Marketing Director, Allied Domecq Spain;                                                                  US Practice Head, Linklaters LLP
marketing roles, Unilever HPC US, UK and Spain
                                                   Ivan Menezes and Lavanya Chandrashekar are also members of the Executive Committee.
                                                   Their biographies can be found on page 84.

86      Diageo Annual Report 2021
Letter from the Chairman of the Board of Directors


Robust and resilient governance


                                                                                Compliance with the UK
                                                                                Corporate Governance Code
                                                                                During the financial year ended 30 June 2021, Diageo has
                                                                                applied the Principles and complied with the Provisions of
                                                                                the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 (the Code), with
                                                                                the exception of Provision 38 in respect of company pension
                                                                                contributions for incumbent Executive Directors, details of
                                                                                which are set out on page 111. Below are some examples of
                                                                                Diageo’s compliance with certain areas of the Code, together
                                                                                with cross-references to other sections of this Annual Report
                                                                                where further information can be found.




                                                                                                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Dear Shareholder
On behalf of the Board, it is my great pleasure to present the corporate        – Whistle-blowing mechanisms (Provision 6): SpeakUp
governance report for the year ended 30 June 2021, summarising the role           is a confidential global service which can be used by the
of the Board in providing effective leadership in promoting the long-term         workforce or any third parties to raise concerns about
sustainable success of Diageo.                                                    anything relating to Diageo, including potential breaches
                                                                                  of Diageo’s Code of Business Conduct, policies, standards
The Board plays a critical role in ensuring that Diageo conducts its business     or the law, or anything which might cause risk of harm to
in a manner which is consistent with the highest standards of corporate           others or the environment. SpeakUp, which is administered by
governance and ethical behaviour so that Diageo contributes positively to         an independent service provider, can be accessed either
wider society. We take our legal and regulatory requirements very seriously       online or by telephone and can, in countries where legally
and seek to demonstrate this through consistent compliance with those             permitted, be used anonymously and reports kept confidential.
requirements and through evolving our processes to reflect the latest             Allegations are investigated by independent Diageo teams
developments in best practice corporate governance. We are also very              and progress on investigations monitored by the Business
conscious that good governance is not simply a matter of regulatory               Integrity team. Where allegations are substantiated, appropriate
compliance but encompasses multiple issues including transparency in              disciplinary and corrective actions are taken. The Audit
reporting and accounting, fair remuneration and benefits, enabling better         Committee receives and reviews regular reports on
decision-making through inclusion and diversity, operating with integrity         allegations, including trends information and investigation
and honesty, and through use of ethical supply chains. We therefore take          closure rates. Since all of Diageo’s non-executive directors
the view that, together with our environmental and social action plans            attend the Audit Committee, all non-executive directors
as exemplified by our ambitious ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ targets,       receive the same reports directly from the Business Integrity
companies such as Diageo must contribute to society through role-                 team. Further information is set out on page 101.
modelling good governance in its broader sense. Maintaining our focus           – Independence (Provisions 9, 10, 11 and 12):
on sustainability and other ESG issues is not only entirely consistent with       The Chairman was considered independent on his
our values, but it will enhance Diageo’s ability to access capital, recruit       appointment, as assessed against the criteria set out
the best people and retain the confidence of customers, consumers and             in Provision 10 of the Code. The roles of chairman and
the communities in which we operate. We are aware that to fulfil our              chief executive are not exercised by the same person. Over
Performance Ambition it is vital to build and reinforce trust consistently        half of the Directors are independent non-executives and
amongst all our stakeholders, being conscious of and giving consideration         none have served for longer than nine years. Susan Kilsby
to the needs and interests of those stakeholders in our decision-making           is our Senior Independent Director and meets with other
and stewardship of the business.                                                  non-executive directors, without the Chairman attending,
                                                                                  twice yearly to appraise the performance of the Chairman.
Diageo has a strong and long-established purpose, culture and set of values       Further information about the structure of the Board is set
which collectively anchor our priorities, decision-making and actions even        out on pages 88 and 89.
in very challenging circumstances such as those experienced since the           – Board effectiveness evaluation (Provisions 21 and 22):
outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic. That Diageo is emerging strongly is            A formal rigorous assessment and evaluation of the
in no small part due to the Board and Executive Committee adhering to             performance of the Board, its Committees, its processes
uncompromising ethical standards, being led by our purpose, culture and           and procedures, and of individual directors including the
values, and by taking swift and decisive action to respond with agility to        Chairman is undertaken each year. During this year, the
anticipate and address changing circumstances, risks and opportunities.           evaluation was facilitated by an external professional
                                                                                  reviewer, Independent Board Evaluation, which was
Our robust and efficient governance processes, at Board level and throughout      appointed following a competitive tender process
the company, make a critical contribution to Diageo’s ability to create           managed by Diageo’s procurement and company
sustainable long-term value for shareholders, especially during difficult         secretarial teams. Further details about this external Board
external conditions. We recognise that our ambition of being one of the           evaluation exercise, its methodology, recommendations
most trusted and respected consumer goods companies can only be                   and actions are set out on pages 94 and 95.
achieved through demonstrable good governance in its broadest sense.




Javier Ferrán
Chairman

                                                                                                                Diageo Annual Report 2021            87
Corporate governance report


Enabling our ambition
Corporate governance structure and division of responsibilities

Non-Executive Directors                                                                                                 Senior Independent Director
Melissa Bethell,                                                                                                        Susan Kilsby
Valérie Chapoulaud-Floquet,                                                                                             – Acts as a sounding board for the
Sir John Manzoni,                                                                                                          Chairman and serves as an
Lady Mendelsohn, Alan Stewart                                                                                              intermediary for the other Directors
and Ireena Vittal                                                                                                          where necessary
The Non-Executive Directors, all of                                                                                     – Together with the other Non-
whom the Board has determined are                                                                                          Executive Directors, leads the review
independent, experienced and influential                                                                                   of the performance of the Chairman,
individuals from a diverse range of                                        Nomination                                      taking into account the views of the
industries, backgrounds and countries.                                     Committee                                       Executive Directors
                                                                                                                        – Available to shareholders if they have
– Constructively challenge the                                                                                             concerns where contact through the
  Executive Directors                          Audit                                                    Remuneration       normal channels has failed
– Develop proposals on strategy              Committee                                                   Committee
– Scrutinise the performance
                                                                            rsight and rigor
  of management                                                        t ove                ou
                                                                     en                       s
– Satisfy themselves on the integrity
  of the financial information, controls                  Inde                                        nge
                                                              pen      Board of Directors         alle
                                                                                                ch
  and systems of risk management                                 d
– Set the levels of remuneration                                                                                        Company Secretary
  for Executive Directors and                                                                                           Siobhán Moriarty
  senior management                                                                                                     – The Board is supported by the
                                                                        Chief Executive
– Make recommendations to the                                                                                              Company Secretary who ensures
                                                                        has delegated
  Board concerning appointments                                                                                            information is made available to
                                                                       authority to these
  to the Board                                                                                                             Board members in a timely fashion
                                                                         Committees                           Filings
– Devote such time as is necessary            Executive                                                                 – Supports the Chairman in setting
  to the proper performance of                                             Le a d e r sh i p                Assurance      Board agendas, designing and
                                             Committee
  their duties                                                                                              Committee      delivering Board inductions and
                                                                                                                           Board evaluations, and co-ordinates
A summary of the terms and conditions of                                                                                   post-evaluation action plans,
appointment of the Non-Executive Directors                                                                                 including risk review and training
is available at https://www.diageo.com/en/                   Finance                     Audit & Risk
our-business/corporate-governance.                          Committee                    Committee                         requirements for the Board
                                                                                                                        – Advises on corporate
                                                                                                                           governance matters
                                                                                                             em         – Is a member of the Executive
                                                                                                               ent
                                                                                                            ag             Committee as General Counsel
                                                                                      Bus                man
                                                                                         iness unit risk




Chief Executive                                   Chairman                                                              Chief Financial Officer
Ivan Menezes                                      Javier Ferrán                                                         Lavanya Chandrashekar
– Develops the group’s strategic                  – Responsible for the operation, leadership                           – Manages all aspects of the group’s
   direction for consideration and                   and governance of the Board                                           financial affairs
   approval by the Board                          – Ensures all Directors are fully informed                            – Responsible for the management of
– Implements the strategy agreed by                  of matters and receives precise, timely                               the capital structure of the company
   the Board                                         and clear information sufficient to make                           – Contributes to the management of
– Leads the Executive Committee                      informed judgements                                                   the group’s operations
– Manages the company and                         – Sets Board agendas and ensures sufficient                           – Along with the Chief Executive,
   the group                                         time is allocated to ensure effective debate                          leads discussions with investors
– Along with the Chief Financial Officer,            to support sound decision making                                   – Is supported by the Finance
   leads discussions with investors               – Ensures the effectiveness of the Board                                 Committee and Filings Assurance
– Is supported in his role by the                 – Engages in discussions with shareholders                               Committee in the management
   Executive Committee                            – Meets with the Non-Executive Directors                                 of the financial affairs and reporting
– Is supported by the Finance                        independently of the Executive Directors                              of the company
   Committee and Filings Assurance                – Designated Non-Executive Director for                               – Is a member of the Executive Committee
   Committee in the management of                    workforce engagement
   financial reporting of the company



88      Diageo Annual Report 2021
Board of Directors

Composition of the Board                                                        Duties of the Board
The Board comprises the Non-Executive Chairman, two Executive                   The Board manages overall control of the company’s affairs with
Directors, the Senior Independent Director, and six independent                 reference to the formal schedule of matters reserved for the Board for
Non-Executive Directors. The biographies of all Directors are set out           decision. The schedule was last reviewed in April 2021 and is available
in this Annual Report on pages 84 and 85. This year there have been a           at https://www.diageo.com/en/our-business/corporate-governance.
number of changes in Board membership, with Ho KwonPing retiring                In order to fulfil their duties, procedures are in place for Directors to seek
from his role as Non-Executive Director in September 2020 after eight           both independent advice and the advice and services of the Company
years’ service and the appointments of new Non-Executive Directors              Secretary, who is responsible for advising the Board on all governance
Sir John Manzoni and Ireena Vittal in October 2020 and Valérie                  matters. During the year, the Non-Executive Directors met without
Chapoulaud-Floquet in January 2021. There has also been a recent                management present six times, and also without the Chairman
change in Executive Directors with Lavanya Chandrashekar taking over            present twice. The terms of reference of Board Committees are




                                                                                                                                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
from Kathryn Mikells as Chief Financial Officer with effect from 1 July 2021.   reviewed regularly, most recently in April 2021, and are available at
The Board is very grateful to Kathy for the significant contribution she has    https://www.diageo.com/en/our-business/corporate-governance.
made since she joined in November 2015, managing the company’s global
productivity programme and capital allocation decisions, rationalising          Corporate governance requirements
and refreshing our portfolio and enhancing Diageo’s reputation through          The principal corporate governance rules applying to Diageo (as
returning value to shareholders. The Board is also pleased that Lavanya,        a UK company listed on the London Stock Exchange) for the year
a strong internal successor to Kathy, has stepped up to the role of Chief       ended 30 June 2021 are contained in the Code and the UK Financial
Financial Officer given her strong track record at Diageo and previously        Conduct Authority (FCA) Listing Rules, which require us to describe,
with other consumer goods companies. These new appointments                     in our Annual Report, our corporate governance from two points of
enhance the diversity of skills, experiences and backgrounds of the Board       view: the first dealing generally with our application of the Code’s
and will result in different perspectives and approaches being expressed,       main principles and the second dealing specifically with non-compliance
firmly rooted in Diageo’s consistent purpose, culture and values.               with any of the Code’s provisions. The two descriptions together are
                                                                                designed to give shareholders a picture of governance arrangements in
Inclusion and diversity                                                         relation to the Code as a criterion of good practice. A copy of the Code
The Board sees championing inclusion and diversity as one of the key            is publicly available on the website of the Financial Reporting Council
enablers for achieving Diageo’s ambition. It is also a core principle of the    (FRC), www.frc.org.uk. Diageo’s statement as to compliance with the Code
company’s global Human Rights Policy which applies to all employees,            during the year ended 30 June 2021 can be found on page 87. Diageo
subsidiaries and third-party contractors and which has been implemented         must also comply with corporate governance rules contained in the FCA
as part of our Code of Business Conduct programme. Our objective is             Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules and certain related provisions
to maintain and sustain an inclusive and diverse business, across all           in the Companies Act 2006 (the Act). Diageo is also listed on the Euronext
levels, functions and geographies, in order to create a better working          Dublin Exchange, the Euronext Paris Exchange and the New York Stock
environment and a better performing business. As part of this, the Board        Exchange (NYSE), and as such is subject to applicable rules of those
has adopted a written Board Diversity Policy alongside Diageo’s Code of         exchanges and jurisdictions. For example, Diageo is subject to the
Business Conduct and associated global policies, which set out Diageo’s         listing requirements of the NYSE and the rules of the US Securities and
broader commitment to inclusion and diversity. Diageo strongly supports         Exchange Commission (SEC), as they apply to foreign private issuers.
diversity within its Board of Directors, including gender, ethnicity, age       Compliance with the provisions of the US Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
and professional diversity, as well as diversity of thought. The Board          (SOX), as it applies to foreign private issuers, is continually monitored.
is comprised of individuals from a diverse range of skills, industries,         As Diageo follows UK corporate governance practice, differences
backgrounds and nationalities, which enables a broad evaluation                 from the NYSE corporate governance standards are summarised in
of all matters considered by the Board and contributes to a culture             Diageo’s 20-F filing and on our website at https://www.diageo.com/en/
of collaborative and constructive discussion. The Board’s objective,            our-business/corporate-governance.
as set out in its Diversity Policy, is that it shall include no less than 40%
female representation (with the ultimate goal being parity between              Structure and division of responsibilities
males and females on the Board) and at least one director from a                The Board has established a corporate governance framework as
minority ethnic group. Currently, women make up 60% of the Board and            shown on page 88. This includes the three Board Committees (Audit
there are four directors (40%) who self-disclose as being from minority         Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee),
ethnic groups. Further information can be found in the ’Our people’ and         as well as management committees which report to the Chief Executive
‘Champion inclusion and diversity’ sections of ‘Our strategic priorities’       or Chief Financial Officer (Executive Committee, Finance Committee,
on pages 22, 32-33.                                                             Audit & Risk Committee and Filings Assurance Committee). There is a
                                                                                clear separation of the roles of the Chairman, the Senior Independent
Outside interests                                                               Director and the Chief Executive which has been clearly established, set
The Board has adopted guidelines for dealing with conflicts of                  out in writing and approved by the Board. A copy of this is available at
interest, with directors’ outside interests being regularly reviewed and        https://www.diageo.com/en/our-business/corporate-governance. No
responsibility for authorising conflicts of interest reserved for the Board.    individual or group dominates the Board’s decision-making processes.
In the case of a potential conflict, the Nomination Committee considers
the circumstances, appropriate controls and protocols, and makes                    Further details on the Board Committees can be found in the separate
                                                                                    reports from each Committee on pages 99-128, and details of the
a recommendation to the Board. The Board confirmed that it was                      Executive Committee can be found on page 86
not aware of any situations that may or did give rise to conflicts with
the interests of the company, other than those that may arise from
Directors’ other appointments as disclosed in their biographies.




                                                                                                                        Diageo Annual Report 2021                89
Corporate governance report continued




Board skills and experience                                                          Elections
The Board is of the view that it is essential to have an appropriate mix of          The Chairman has confirmed that the Non-Executive Directors standing for
experience, expertise, diversity and independence. Such diverse attributes           election or re-election at this year’s AGM continue to perform effectively,
enable the Board as a whole to provide informed opinions and advice                  both individually and collectively as a Board, and that each Non-Executive
on strategy and relevant topics, thereby discharging its duty of oversight.          Director demonstrates commitment to their roles and continues to
Appointments to the Board are made following consideration of the                    provide constructive challenge, strategic guidance and offer specialist
experience and expertise of existing Directors, any required skill sets              advice, as well as holding management to account. As can be seen from
or competencies, and the strategic requirements of the company. Key                  the attendance records set out below, directors’ attendance levels have
strengths and relevant experience of each Director are set out on pages              been consistently high throughout the year ended 30 June 2021 despite
84-85, and a matrix of the Board’s current skills and experience is set out in       the impact of the pandemic and the consequent increased demands on
the chart below.                                                                     their time.
                 4
                                                  Finance
                                                                                     Board attendance
                 4                                                                   Directors’ attendance record at the last AGM, scheduled Board meetings
                                                  Banking/corporate finance
                                       9                                             and Board Committee meetings, for the year ended 30 June 2021 is set
                                                  Consumer products                  out in the table below. The 2020 AGM was held as a ‘closed meeting’
                          6
                                                  Sales and marketing                under the provisions of the Corporate Insolvency and Governance Act
                              7
                                                  General management                 2020, with no directors other than the Chairman attending. For Board
                                                                                     and Board Committee meetings, attendance is expressed as the number
                                                                                     of meetings attended out of the number that each Director was eligible
                                                                                     to attend. Where Directors were unable to attend a meeting, they were
                                                                                     encouraged to give their views to the Chairman of each respective
                                                                                     meeting ahead of that meeting being held.



                                                                    Annual General
                                                                     Meeting 2020,            Board         Audit Committee    Nomination Committee   Remuneration Committee
                                                        held as a “closed meeting”      (maximum 6)            (maximum 5)              (maximum 5)              (maximum 8)
Javier Ferrán                                                                 √               6/6                     5/51                    5/5                      8/81
Ivan Menezes                                                                N/A               6/6                     2/51                    5/51                     7/71
Lavanya Chandrashekar2                                                      N/A               N/A                     N/A                     N/A                      N/A
Susan Kilsby                                                                N/A               6/6                     5/5                     5/5                      8/8
Melissa Bethell                                                             N/A               6/6                     4/5                     5/5                      8/8
Valérie Chapoulaud-Floquet3                                                 N/A               2/2                     2/2                     2/2                      5/5
Sir John Manzoni4                                                           N/A               5/5                     4/4                     4/4                      7/7
Nicola Mendelsohn                                                           N/A               6/6                     5/5                     5/5                      8/8
Alan Stewart                                                                N/A               6/6                     5/5                     5/5                      8/8
Ireena Vittal5                                                              N/A               4/4                     4/4                     3/3                      7/7
Former Directors
Ho KwonPing6                                                                N/A                1/1                     0/1                     1/1                      1/1
Kathryn Mikells7                                                            N/A                6/6                     5/51                    0/01                     6/61

1.   Attended by invitation                                                          5. Appointed to the Board on 2 October 2020
2.   Appointed to the Board on 1 July 2021                                           6. Retired from the Board on 28 September 2020
3.   Appointed to the Board on 1 January 2021                                        7. Retired from the Board on 30 June 2021
4.   Appointed to the Board on 1 October 2020




90        Diageo Annual Report 2021
Board activities
Details of the main areas of focus of the Board and its Committees during the year include those summarised below:

Areas of focus                                                                                                           Strategic      Strategic     Stakeholders
                                                                                                                         priority       outcome

Strategic            – Held a two-day online Annual Strategy Conference focussing on key strategic matters,
matters                including emerging trends, consumer behaviour and future expectations, and developments
                       in the consumer goods industry, including those driven or accelerated by the pandemic
                     – Regularly reviewed the group’s performance against the strategy including actions taken
                       in respect of managing the pandemic
                     – Received reports on the financial performance of the group
                     – Reviewed the group’s tax strategic planning
                     – Received regular reports on the macro-economic environment, world events and




                                                                                                                                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                       emerging trends
                     – Reviewed strategic topics including e-commerce, consumer attitudes and shifts,
                       and inclusive marketing
                     – Hosted external speakers on subjects including US / UK trade relations and consumer trends

Operational          – Reviewed and approved the annual funding plan, insurance, banking and capital
matters                expenditure requirements
                     – Reviewed the impact of global trade developments and disputes
                     – Regularly reviewed and approved the group’s M&A and business development activities,
                       reorganisations and various other projects
                     – Approved various significant procurement and other contracts and reviewed product quality
                       risk management processes
                     – Reviewed the company’s innovation pipeline
                     – Reviewed the company’s capital allocation, funding and liquidity positions, including those of
                       its pension schemes, and approved interim and final dividends
                     – Reviewed and approved the recommencement of the company’s share buyback programme
                     – Reviewed the company’s succession planning and talent strategy

ESG matters          – Consulted with shareholders as to executive remuneration
                     – Received reports on workforce engagement and wellbeing over the year
                     – Reviewed the company’s sustainability and environmental strategy and approved approach
                       as to ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’, including targets and climate change risk disclosures
                     – Hosted external speakers on topics including stewardship and the views of institutional
                       investors on Diageo’s ESG initiatives
                     – Received regular investor reports
                     – During each quarter, received an update on ESG matters and progress towards
                       ‘Society 2030‘ targets
                     – Agreed and tracked actions from the 2020 external evaluation of the Board’s performance
                     – Approved the appointment of new Non-Executive Directors and CFO
                     – Reviewed schedule of matters reserved for the Board and terms of reference of its committees

Assurance            – Received regular reports in relation to material legal matters, including disputes, regulatory
and risk               and governance developments, and areas of legal or regulatory risk
management           – Reviewed and approved the company’s risk footprint
                     – Reviewed and approved the company’s filings, financial and non-financial reporting including
                       interim and preliminary results announcements, US filings and Annual Report and Accounts
                     – Renewed appointment of a committee of the Board authorised to approve actions to be taken
                       in response to the Covid-19 pandemic


 Strategic priorities                                       Strategic outcomes                                      Stakeholders

       Embed everyday efficiency                                 Efficient growth                                        People

       Invest smartly                                            Consistent value creation                               Consumers

       Sustain quality growth                                    Credibility and trust                                   Customers

       Champion inclusion and diversity                          Engaged people                                          Suppliers

       Pioneer grain-to-glass sustainability                                                                             Communities

       Promote positive drinking                                                                                         Investors

                                                                                                                         Governments and regulators




                                                                                                                              Diageo Annual Report 2021          91
Corporate governance report continued



Stakeholder engagement
The development of strong and positive relationships                           Consumers
between Diageo and its external stakeholders is an intrinsic                                         The Board is aware that the company’s continued
part of Diageo’s purpose and culture, and reflective of                                              success is dependent on having a deep understanding
                                                                                                     of our consumers, their behaviours and motivations
the nature of the industry in which we operate. Diageo’s
                                                                                                     and on the company’s ability to respond to those
stakeholders, which are defined on pages 20-21, include                                              consumer insights by ensuring that it has an
not only business partners such as suppliers and customers,                                          attractive portfolio of products across multiple
our people and workforce, but also government, consumers                       categories, channels, markets and price points. The Board regularly
and the wider communities in which we operate. As noted in                     reviews emerging consumer trends at the Annual Strategy Conference,
the company’s statement on Section 172 of the Companies                        held in April each year, during which the Board receives presentations
Act 2006 set out on page 7, in making their decisions and                      from senior executives on emerging trends, the risks and opportunities
                                                                               resulting from those trends and how the company is responding to
in discharging their duties to promote the success of the
                                                                               them. At this year’s Annual Strategy Conference, the Board reviewed
company, the Directors must have regard to the interests                       various disruptive forces and how they might impact on consumer
of its stakeholders. We have summarised below some                             sentiment and activity. At other meetings during the year, the Board has
examples of how the Board has considered the views                             reviewed the group’s innovation pipeline, its e-commerce strategy and
and interests of different stakeholder groups when making                      digital capabilities, and new consumer attitudes and shifts resulting from
its decisions during the year. See page 93 for examples of                     the pandemic. The Board has consciously made capital allocation and
how the Board considered different stakeholders in reaching                    strategic decisions based on these consumer insights, investing in vibrant
                                                                               brands in established categories, such as the acquisitions of Aviation Gin
decisions in relation to ‘Raising the Bar’ and return of value
                                                                               LLC in September 2020 and Chase Distillery Limited in February 2021, as
to shareholders.                                                               well as of smaller brands in rapidly expanding categories, such as the hard
                                                                               seltzer brand Lone River Ranch Water purchased in March 2021 and the
How the Board is involved in and kept informed                                 spirits-based ready to drink brand Loyal 9 Cocktails purchased in April 2021.
about stakeholder engagement
People                                                                         Customers
                     The Board maintains an active dialogue with Diageo’s                          Maintaining a broad portfolio with consumer
                     employees and wider workforce, including contractors                          offerings at a variety of price points and categories is
                     and temporary staff. Although this year, the Board was                        also a key priority for customers, as it is for consumers
                     unable to travel due to the restrictions related to the                       and therefore for Diageo. As highlighted above, the
                     pandemic, it would otherwise have held an extended                            Board regularly reviews both innovation and inorganic
                     meeting during October at one of Diageo’s overseas                            opportunities to enhance the company’s portfolio
locations. In prior years, the Board has visited the group’s offices and       and to ensure that it has sufficient breadth and depth in its portfolio
production sites in New York, US, Chengdu, China and Bangalore, India.         to meet consumer demand. During the year, the Board has considered
These visits enable the Board to engage directly with local management         and approved a number of acquisitions, as highlighted in the paragraph
and other employees during presentations, site and trade visits, as well       above, as well as continuing to invest in start-up brands through the Distill
as at social events. Indirect engagement with employees also takes place       Ventures programme. Under the group’s internal governance framework,
through works councils, employee and workforce forums, community               material distribution agreements with certain customers are also reviewed
groups, pulse surveys and town hall meetings, most of which have               and approved by the Board.
been conducted virtually this year. The global survey of employees
known as Your Voice was carried out this year and its findings
were reviewed by the Board. The Chairman has continued to engage               Suppliers
personally with a wide spectrum of employees in different markets in                                 The Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer
his role as designated non-executive director for workforce engagement,                              provide the Board with information about key suppliers
which has been supplemented by various other non-executive directors                                 as and when relevant to Board discussions, including
also engaging directly in virtual meetings with employees over the year.                             when approval is required for material contracts with
These direct engagements have enabled a number of non-executive                                      suppliers. During the year, the Board reviewed and
directors to have candid and constructive discussions with employees,                                approved several critical procurement agreements,
to understand better their views and experiences of working at Diageo,         including in relation to raw materials such as glass bottles and cans, as well
including what works well and what needs improvement, which has                as approving a number of capital expenditure projects investing in certain
supplemented the engagement sessions by the Chairman. Common                   of its production facilities. The Board has also reviewed management’s
themes and feedback from these engagement sessions are reported                strategy in relation to sourcing certain key ingredients and components
by the Chairman and other participating directors to the rest of the           in order to ensure that the company is able to source sufficient production
Board. For example, the need to collaborate and further simplify               materials to meet projected consumer demand over a number of years.
internal decision-making processes across the business, in order               Robust and reliable forecasting processes are of particular importance
to enable more pace and agility, had been identified through these             for products which require maturing inventory to be held for a number
engagements. Following this feedback, management encouraged                    of years before packaging, for example the company’s Scotch whisky,
the formation of cross-functional ’sprint teams’ to identify, focus on         Canadian whisky, US whiskey, tequila and rum products. The Board
and swiftly address specific risks and opportunities for the business.         considers that it is important that the group remains a trusted partner
                                                                               for suppliers, with the relationship enhanced through fair contract and
     Diageo’s Workforce engagement statement is set out on page 96             payment terms and through compliance with Diageo’s ‘Partnering with
                                                                               Suppliers Standard’.




92       Diageo Annual Report 2021
Communities                                                                        or any other Director and express their views on any issues of concern
                  The Board considers it to be critically important to             at any time, including by way of email to a dedicated address for the
                  maintain close and supportive relationships with the             Company Secretary and her team. The AGM also provides a regular
                  communities in which Diageo operates, especially                 opportunity for shareholders to put their questions in person and to hear
                  given the impact that the pandemic has had on those              other shareholders put their questions to the Board. Due to the pandemic,
                  communities during the year. Recognising the severity            the 2020 AGM was held as a ‘closed meeting’ under the Corporate Insolvency
                  of the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on many of                and Governance Act 2020, such that shareholders were not able to attend;
the communities in which the group operates, the Board has focussed                however, they were invited to submit questions in advance of the meeting
on actions to support those communities, including those working in                to a dedicated email address. All questions submitted were individually
the on-trade such as bartenders and hospitality employees.                         answered prior to the meeting. We have also now amended our Articles
                                                                                   of Association to enable ‘hybrid meetings’ thereby allowing shareholders
                                                                                   choice to attend physically, as in traditional AGMs, or by remote or virtual
     Raising the Bar                                                               means, while still being able to engage directly with the Board, asking




                                                                                                                                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     A number of the Board’s principal decisions over the course of the year       questions and voting on resolutions.
     have been shaped and determined by the needs of those communities.
     In June 2020, the company announced its two year global programme
     to support bars and pubs welcome back consumers and recover                        Return of value
     from the pandemic, known as ‘Raising the Bar’. Through ‘Raising the Bar’,          One of the principal decisions considered by the Board over the year
     for two years from July 2020 Diageo will provide $100 million to support           has been in relation to returning value to shareholders. From feedback
     the recovery of major hospitality centres, such as New York, London,               received over many years from a wide range of shareholders, including
     Edinburgh, Dublin, Belfast, Mexico City, Sao Paulo, Shanghai, Delhi,               institutional investors, retail shareholders and pension funds, the Board is
     Mumbai, Bangalore, Nairobi, Dar es Salaam, Kampala and Sydney.                     very conscious of the importance of regular and predictable shareholder
     The programme was developed by the company following a                             returns. The Board is, however, also aware that there are various other
     global survey of bar owners conducted through its website,                         factors and interests which need to be considered and balanced as
     DiageoBarAcademy.com, whose purpose was to identify what                           against shareholder returns including the status of the company’s
     on-trade retailers needed most to reopen their outlets safely. The                 pensions schemes, the company’s liquidity position, anticipated future
     survey identified as priorities the provision of hygiene measures, digital         expenditure and forecast trading. From early in 2020, the Board has also
     support and practical equipment to transform outlets. The proposal                 had to consider additional factors resulting from the Covid-19 pandemic,
     was discussed by the Board during meetings in April and May 2020,                  including its impact on different channels and different markets, the
     and approved in June 2020. The programme is now being rolled out                   potential for successive waves of differing intensities, its potential impact
     with on-trade retailers applying online for targeted support for the               on trading in certain markets due to changing consumption patterns
     physical equipment needed for outlets to re-open. For example, in                  and government actions. Given such uncertainties, the Board enabled
     Great Britain, Diageo has been providing ‘hygiene kits’ with high-quality          quick action to ensure that the company’s liquidity position was secure,
     permanent sanitiser dispense units, medical-grade hand sanitiser and               including reducing discretionary spending and ensuring adequate
     a range of personal protection equipment (such as masks and gloves);               financing was available if necessary. As a result in early 2020, the Board
     help to pubs and bars to establish partnerships with online reservations           decided that it would not initiate the next phase of the company’s
     and cashless systems; mobile bars and outdoor equipment. The Board                 three-year return of capital programme, which had been originally
     receives regular updates on progress of the ‘Raising the Bar’ programme            launched in July 2019, but decided that it was appropriate in April 2020
     from management.                                                                   to pay the interim dividend originally proposed in January 2020 and a
                                                                                        final dividend in October 2020 in respect of the year ended 30 June 2020.
                                                                                        During the year ended 30 June 2021, with strong performance in the first
                                                                                        half of the year and a return to organic net sales growth, the Board approved
                                                                                        and paid in April 2021 an interim dividend of 27.96 pence per share, being
Investors                                                                               an increase of 2% on the previous year’s interim dividend. Given continued
                     The Board’s primary contact with institutional                     improved trading and performance, on 12 May 2021 the Board announced
                     shareholders is through the Chief Executive and                    that the company would recommence and extend the company’s return
                     Chief Financial Officer, who are in regular contact with           of capital programme and on 29 July 2021 announced that it would
                     investors with the assistance of the investor relations            propose a final dividend of 44.59 pence per share, being an increase
                     department. In addition, other members of the                      of 5% on the previous year’s final dividend, subject to approval at the
                                                                                        2021 AGM.
                     Board participate in certain events with investors. For
example, on 20 April 2021 the Chairman joined the Chief Executive and
other senior executives hosting a webcast followed by live Q&A session
with investors to discuss details of Diageo’s ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’
10-year ESG action plan, which had been launched in November 2020. In              Government and regulators
addition to helping Diageo explain in greater detail key aspects of ‘Society                           The Board engages indirectly with government,
2030: Spirit of Progress’, it also provided an opportunity for more dialogue                           regulators and policymakers through regular reports
with investors on this critically important aspect of our long-term ESG                                from the Chief Executive as well as periodic updates
strategy. The Remuneration Committee chairman has also engaged                                         from management. In particular, the Board has received
with investors in relation to executive remuneration, as further described                             regular briefings during the year on developments in
on page 110. The Board is also provided with monthly investor relations                                relation to political developments, tariffs and international
reports, which includes coverage of the company by sell-side analysts.             trade disputes. The Board ensures that the company works closely with
The Board also ensures that all Directors develop an understanding                 governmental and non-governmental bodies in relation to policy as
of the views of major institutional shareholders through a periodic                to positive drinking, responsible advertising of alcoholic products, and
independent survey of shareholder opinion. In addition, major shareholders         education to enable consumers to make better choices about alcohol.
are invited to raise any company matters of interest to them at meetings
with the Chairman of the Board, the Chairman of the Audit Committee,
the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee or any other Director.
Shareholders are invited to write to the Company Secretary, Chairman



                                                                                                                             Diageo Annual Report 2021                  93
Corporate governance report continued




                                                                             Performance evaluation
                                                                             From September to December 2020, an externally facilitated evaluation
     Wider stakeholder engagement statement                                  of the Board’s effectiveness, including the effectiveness of the Chairman
                                                                             and other Directors and the Board’s Committees, was undertaken. The
     During the year we have maintained an active dialogue                   external facilitator was Ffion Hague of Independent Board Evaluation
     with our stakeholders in particular to assess and respond               (IBE), a professional consultancy which specialises in board reviews and
     to the impact that the Covid-19 pandemic has had on our                 evaluations. Ffion Hague and IBE have no other connection with the
     business and that of our customers and suppliers. Local crisis          company and were selected following a competitive tender process
     management teams have continued to prioritise the safety                overseen by the Nomination Committee.
     and wellbeing of employees and wider workforce by ensuring
     that those who can work from home do so, using technology               The purpose of the evaluation was to conduct a comprehensive review
     and systems, and that those who cannot work from home are               and evaluate how the Board and its Committees operate as measured
     able to work onsite, including in production facilities, in a safe      against current best practice corporate governance principles and
     manner with revised protocols and procedures. Ongoing                   in accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code guidance.
     communications and guidance has been provided to                        The evaluation also measured the Board against sector and market
     our people. We have also maintained an ongoing dialogue                 cap peers.
     with customers and suppliers to understand their concerns
     and have worked closely with them to mitigate disruption,               2020 – external evaluation process
     including providing an appropriate level of support to our key
     suppliers and customers. During the year we have supported                A comprehensive brief was given to the IBE assessment team by the
     pubs, bars and restaurants in many markets through our global             Chairman in September 2020.
     ‘Raising the Bar’ programme which supported our customers
     welcoming consumers back into their outlets in a safe manner,
     providing sanitiser and other equipment as well as best
     practice advice. We have also continued to engage directly                From September 2020, Ffion Hague conducted interviews with
     with shareholders through press releases and regulatory                   every Director and the Company Secretary. All participants were
     announcements, including updates on developments                          interviewed one to one for 1.5 hours. Feedback from non-board
     in trading, virtual meetings with institutional investors, direct         members who participate in Board and Committee meetings and
     communications with individual shareholders and our investor              external advisors was also gathered as part of the evaluation.
     engagement programme which is led by our investor relations
     team. Taking the safety of our shareholders and employees as
     the priority, we held our 2020 Annual General Meeting (AGM)
     as a ‘closed meeting’ in compliance with government guidelines
                                                                               Ffion Hague observed the main Board and Committee meetings in
     and restrictions on gatherings, but provided alternative means
                                                                               October 2020 and was provided with access to supporting materials
     for shareholders to submit questions in advance of the AGM.
                                                                               for briefing purposes.
     We have also continued engaging with and responding to
     the needs of the communities in which our business operates;
     for example, by pledging £4.5 million to provide medical
     equipment and infrastructure for Indian hospitals severely
     impacted by the Covid-19 pandemic.                                        A report was prepared by Ffion Hague and was discussed with the
                                                                               Chairman and subsequently the entire Board at its December 2020
         Further information on our stakeholder considerations and             meeting. Feedback was also provided to Committee chairmen on
         activities throughout the year, including how the Board has taken     the performance of each Committee. The Board’s feedback for the
         such considerations into account in its decision-making can be
         found on pages 92-93                                                  Chairman was also discussed with the Senior Independent Director.


                                                                             Tender and selection process
                                                                             The last externally facilitated evaluation of the Board was carried
Executive direction and control                                              out in 2017. After internal evaluations carried out in 2018 and 2019, in
Executive Committee                                                          accordance with Provision 21 of the Code, another externally facilitated
The Executive Committee, appointed and chaired by the Chief                  evaluation was conducted during the autumn of 2020.
Executive, supports him in discharging his responsibility for
implementing the strategy agreed by the Board and for managing               At its meeting in April 2020, the Nomination Committee approved the
the company and the group. It consists of the individuals responsible        initiation of a tender process for potential evaluators. With assistance from
for the key operational and functional components of the business:           Diageo’s procurement function, the tender process was carried out during
North America, Europe and Turkey, Africa, Latin America and Caribbean,       June and July 2020 with participants providing written proposals for review
Asia Pacific, Supply Chain and Procurement and Corporate. The Executive      by the Company Secretarial team. The principals of two shortlisted reviewers
Committee focusses its time and agenda to align with the Performance         gave presentations and Q&A sessions with a panel including Diageo’s
Ambition and how to achieve Diageo’s financial and non-financial             Company Secretary and Chairman. Following completion of the process,
performance objectives. Performance metrics have been developed to           IBE was selected as the preferred reviewer and a recommendation was
measure progress. There is also focus on the company’s reputation. In        made by the Nomination Committee to the Board to appoint IBE at
support, monthly performance delivery calls, involving the managing          its meeting in July 2020. This was the first time IBE has conducted a
directors of each market, focus on current performance. Committees           performance evaluation for the company. The evaluation procedure
appointed by the Chief Executive and intended to have an ongoing             was agreed with IBE as part of the tendering and engagement process.
remit, including the Audit & Risk Committee, Finance Committee
and Filings Assurance Committee, are shown (with their remits) at
https://www.diageo.com/en/our-business/corporate governance.

94     Diageo Annual Report 2021
Comments and analysis
An important point of context of the review was that, in common with most boards, the Board had been meeting by video conference since the beginning
of the Covid-19 global pandemic in March 2020. In addition, at the time of the review, the Board was in a state of transition with a long-standing executive
team balanced by a non-executive group, which included three directors who had been recently appointed following the retirement of long-standing
former directors at the expiry of their terms. The global situation made it difficult for Board members to visit the company’s offices, sites and plants as part
of the induction process. However, underlying governance processes were seen as strong and gave members confidence in the culture and conduct of
the business. Strong mutual respect was recognised between Board and management teams with an open approach to meeting between individual
Board members and senior managers. The quality and depth of governance processes underpinning Board work was recognised as a source of pride for
both Board members and the teams who support them. The review identified opportunities for the Board and recommended areas of focus and action,
several which are highlighted below.

Summary of key recommendations and actions

Key recommendations                                                               Actions taken/to be taken




                                                                                                                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Challenge and drive to action
– Ensure sufficient private sessions between Executive Directors and              – Ensure that there are regular private sessions between Non-Executive Directors.
  Non-Executive Directors and adequate time allocation for discussion.            – Provide guidance to presenters and those drafting papers for meetings.
– Assess effectiveness of Board’s input through more post-decision reviews.       – Include more frequent feed back in relation to workforce engagement.
– Increase regular engagement between Board and local leaders in                  – Consider extending post-completion reviews for other significant projects
  key markets.                                                                      or decisions, in addition to existing business development review process.
– Use Annual Strategy Conference to identify and determine schedule of            – Set up more frequent meetings per year for Non-Executive Directors with
  strategic and operational risks for review by Board or Audit Committee            workforce and top talent.
  during following year.                                                          – Once travel is permitted, circulate the Chairman’s travel schedule to all
– Ensure right balance of challenge and support is provided, using external         Non-Executive Directors in case they are able to join him.
  or alternative viewpoints to ensure robust decision-making processes.

Induction and development
– Tailor induction programmes for new Non-Executive Directors, using              – Nomination Committee to provide recommendations as to induction
  suggestions from Nomination Committee.                                            sessions for newly appointed Non-Executive Directors.
– Consider introducing virtual tours of production and other facility sites       – Ensure that all Non-Executive Directors who have recently joined have
  while travel is difficult.                                                        the opportunity to visit production facilities and meet senior leaders
– Once travel is permitted, consider refreshing induction programmes for            once travel is permitted.
  those Non-Executive Directors who have joined during pandemic.                  – In the meantime, provide Non-Executive Directors access to virtual video
– Ensure new Non-Executive Directors’ development is supported through              tours of production and other sites.
  tailored education and training.

Succession planning
– Ensure focus on diversity continues.                                            – External and internal talent search to continue to have strong focus on
– Ensure regular structured engagement between Nomination Committee                 broad diversity.
  members and high potential internal candidates.                                 – Review and enhance means of engagement between Nomination
                                                                                    Committee members and high potential internal candidates.

Nomination Committee
– Nomination Committee to be involved in tailoring induction programmes           – Nomination Committee to provide recommendations for future induction
  for new Non-Executive Directors.                                                  programmes, tailored for specific new Non-Executive Directors depending
– Continue external talent search for executive and senior leader roles as well     on their background/experience.
  as feeding into plans for developing internal talent.                           – Continue focus on executive and senior leader talent succession-planning
                                                                                    topics during meetings.

Remuneration Committee
– Continue to ensure that executive remuneration remains benchmarked              – Robust benchmarking of executive remuneration to continue.
  and competitive compared to peer groups.                                        – Agenda of each meeting to include private session between Non-Executive
– Add regular private sessions for Non-Executive Directors at the end of            Directors only.
  each meeting.

Audit Committee
– Continue scheduling risk reviews and deep dives throughout annual cycle.        – Agree annual schedule of risk deep dives for review aligned with
– Continue existing practice of appointing a sub-committee with expertise           management risk reviews.
  to review early drafts of financial results and disclosures.




                                                                                                                           Diageo Annual Report 2021                  95
Corporate governance report continued




     Workforce engagement statement

     Our people are our most important asset and an inclusive and                pace in delivering the business’s priorities. There is also growing
     diverse culture is core not only to our purpose of ‘Celebrating life,       appetite for continuous learning, with employees providing
     every day, everywhere’ but we strongly believe is also a source             very positive feedback on the company’s learning platform,
     of competitive advantage for Diageo. Diversity of thought fuels             My Learning Hub, to access and develop new skills in an easy
     growth and innovation in our organisation, attracts and retains             and engaging way.
     the best talent, drives higher levels of employee engagement,             – Employees continue to feel a deep sense of pride in the
     and helps us better understand our customers and the                        company’s brand heritage, commitment to communities, and
     communities where we operate.                                               progress against inclusion and diversity. Diageo’s ‘Society 2030
                                                                                 Spirit of Progress’ goals reflect the company’s intent to make
     Through formal and informal engagement channels, we seek                    Diageo and the communities we serve truly sustainable and
     to understand our employees’ views on how they experience                   inclusive. Throughout the company, employees cited new
     work at Diageo. These insights help shape our culture, policies,            examples of how the company is championing inclusion
     and practices to make Diageo an attractive place to work. The               and diversity both internally and externally – from supporting
     workforce engagement session is an important formal channel                 Historically Black Colleges and Universities in the US to the
     to gather employees’ views and ideas as well as enabling us                 support for farmers with disabilities in Kenya.
     to explain some of our governance processes to employees,                 – Employees shared ideas and opportunities for further
     including in relation to executive remuneration.                            simplification of systems and processes to enable even faster
                                                                                 execution; reinforcing a risk-taking and experimental culture; and
     On 1 July 2019, the Chairman was appointed the designated                   greater collaboration across markets, with a recognition of the
     Non-Executive Director for workforce engagement on behalf                   progress already made in all these areas over the past 12 months.
     of the Board.
                                                                               These themes were also reflected in the strong set of results in
     Over the past year, the Chairman has met with over 900 Diageo             the recent ‘Your Voice’ annual employee survey, where 89% of
     employees in 12 meetings, representing different levels, functions,       respondents stated they are proud to work for Diageo.
     and regions. These open and constructive sessions, which were held
     virtually due to Covid-19 related travel restrictions, have been highly   Feedback from workforce engagement sessions was discussed at
     engaging and the Chairman has been impressed with the level               the January 2021 and April 2021 Board meetings and the insights
     of positive engagement and candour in each discussion. This is            helped to inform broader Board and management decisions. As part
     particularly noteworthy given the challenging year that many people       of the consideration of appropriate annual and long-term incentive
     have experienced, both at home and at work. Employees at Diageo           outcomes for executives and for the wider employee population,
     continue to demonstrate strong passion and pride in the company,          the Remuneration Committee took account of the company’s
     its iconic brands, and our collaborative culture.                         holistic performance through a period of extraordinary change,
                                                                               unpredictability and uncertainty, reflecting not only performance
     The themes emerging from these workforce engagement                       against financial metrics but also the actions taken by leaders and
     discussions are:                                                          employees to protect the longer-term interests of the business.
                                                                               This included decisions taken to ensure quality market share gain
     – The importance of clear and timely communication of business            and investment behind brands, but also the ways in which Diageo
       priorities and the actions needed for Diageo to win quality             supported communities, customers, suppliers, and employees
       market share while investing in key brands. Employees have              throughout the pandemic. Employee engagement has been
       valued the regular updates from leaders on the “emerging                exceptionally high (1% up on the already high score for the
       stronger” themes and priority areas, focusing our employees             previous year), despite very challenging circumstances. The
       on what matters most to the business.                                   Remuneration Committee also considered the feedback from
     – Employees are proud of the support that Diageo provided to its          the workforce engagement meetings that employees believe
       communities and partners during the global pandemic, including          that Diageo has acted to protect their health, safety and wellbeing,
       the ‘Raising the Bar’ programme of $100 million support to help         including through actions such as Time Off Benefits, Employee
       pubs and bars reopen safely around the world, as well as over           Assistance Programmes, Wellbeing Education and Flexible
       8 million bottles of hand sanitiser donated to health workers           Working Policies.
       and those on the front line tackling Covid-19. Employees felt
       very well supported throughout the pandemic, especially the             In the coming year, the Chairman will continue to hold these
       focus on physical and mental health and well-being, reflecting          sessions with a broad representation of employees. In addition,
       management’s decision to give the highest priority to the health,       other Non-Executive Directors will continue to meet with
       safety, and wellbeing of employees.                                     employees through the year to increase further coverage of
     – Diageo’s culture is described as positive, engaging, and inclusive.     the workforce. The focus of engagement sessions in F22 will
       The launch of progressive policies such as the Flex Philosophy,         be around the progress made on areas previously identified
       a framework to support employees to work flexibly, and                  for improvement, deepening the workforce’s understanding of
       enhanced Parental Leave policies were some of the examples              how executive pay decisions are made, and any other key topics
       shared of how Diageo continues to foster an inclusive culture.          employees believe the Board should consider.
       The introduction of quarterly individual performance goal setting
       has ensured employees felt and contributed directly to greater




96     Diageo Annual Report 2021
Purpose, values and culture                                                      Additional information
Diageo’s purpose has always been clear: to celebrate life, every day,            Internal control and risk management
everywhere. Our people and our brands embrace this in everything our             An ongoing process has been established for identifying, evaluating
company does, creating sustainable value for all our stakeholders while          and managing risks faced by the group. This process, which complies
ensuring we have a positive impact on the communities where we live,             with the requirements of the Code, has been in place for the full financial
work, source and sell. Our people strategy is to attract and retain the best     year and up to the date the financial statements were approved and
talent in an inclusive, continuous learning environment, where employees         accords with the guidance issued by the FRC in September 2014,
can enjoy fulfilling careers. Our culture is reinforced by Diageo’s Code of      entitled ‘Guidance on Risk Management, Internal Control and Related
Business Conduct, which gives all our employees the tools and guidance           Financial and Business Reporting’. The Board confirms that, through the
to demonstrate the highest standards of integrity and make the                   activities of the Audit Committee described below, a robust assessment
right choices.                                                                   of the principal and emerging risks facing the company, including those
                                                                                 that would threaten its business model, future performance, solvency
As set out in the schedule of matters reserved for the Board for decision,       or liquidity, has been carried out. These risks and their mitigations are
the Board is responsible for establishing Diageo’s purpose, values and           set out above in the section of this Annual Report dealing with principal




                                                                                                                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
culture. It has a responsibility to monitor and assess how embedded these        and emerging risks on pages 45-49. The Board acknowledges that
are and for ensuring that all policies and practices are aligned with them.      it is responsible for the company’s systems of internal control and risk
There are a number of ways in which the Board monitors and assesses              management and for reviewing their effectiveness. The Board confirms
culture, including:                                                              that, through the activities of the Audit Committee described below,
                                                                                 it has reviewed the effectiveness of the company’s systems of internal
Site visits                                                                      control and risk management. During the year, in line with the Code,
Prior to the Covid-19 pandemic, Directors were encouraged wherever               the Board considered the nature and extent of the risks it was willing
possible to visit the group’s offices, production facilities and sites so that   to take to achieve its strategic goals and reviewed the existing internal
they can get a better understanding of the business and interact with            statement of risk appetite (which was considered and recommended to
employees and the workforce. While travel has been recently restricted,          the Board by both the Audit & Risk Committee and the Audit Committee).
we anticipate that site visits by Directors will resume as they allow            In accordance with the Code, the Board has also considered the company’s
Directors to see Diageo’s safety and sustainability processes, to talk with      longer-term viability, based on a robust assessment of its principal and
local management and workforce and to assess how effectively Diageo’s            emerging risks. This was done through the work of the Audit Committee
culture is communicated and embedded at all levels. By virtue of his role        which recommended the Viability statement (as set out on page 49)
as designated non-executive director for workforce engagement, prior to          to the Board. The Board has also reviewed emerging and disruptive risks,
the pandemic the Chairman would regularly travel to different sites across       initially as part of its Annual Strategy Conference, from which a number
the world. Other non-executive directors were provided with his travel           of topics have been identified for more detailed review by either the Board
schedule and were encouraged to join him.                                        or the Audit Committee over the following 12 months. The company has
                                                                                 in place internal control and risk management systems in relation to the
Employee surveys                                                                 company’s financial reporting process and the group’s process for the
The Board receives reports from the Chief HR Officer on the results of           preparation of consolidated accounts. Further, a review of the consolidated
the company’s global annual ‘Your Voice’ survey, including levels of             financial statements is completed by management through the Filings
employee engagement, employee perceptions of Diageo’s purpose,                   Assurance Committee to ensure that the financial position and results of
employee perceptions of their line managers (including net promoter              the group are appropriately reflected. Further details of this are set out in
scores), and any themes raised. The survey results also give visibility          the Audit Committee report on pages 99-101.
of areas on which management must continue to focus, including
continued simplification and process improvement work across the                     Further information is given in the ‘Our principal risks and risk management’
                                                                                     section of this Annual Report on page 45
business. This year, due to the dislocation caused by the pandemic,
there have been a number of employee pulse surveys which have                    Political donations
focussed on areas such as wellbeing, the results of which have been              The group has not given any money for political purposes in the
used to determine how to support the workforce better.                           United Kingdom and made no donations to EU political organisations
                                                                                 and incurred no EU political expenditure during the year. The group
SpeakUp allegation reporting                                                     made contributions to non-EU political parties totalling £0.39 million
The Business Integrity team provides regular reports to the Audit                during the year (2020 – £0.38 million). These contributions were made
Committee of allegations of breaches of the Code of Business                     almost exclusively to federal and state candidate committees, state
Conduct and other group policies, including those received through               political parties and federal leadership committees in North America
our confidential and independent whistle-blowing service SpeakUp.                (consistent with applicable laws), where it is common practice to make
These reports also include analyses of emerging trends, investigation            political contributions. No particular political persuasion was supported
status reports and closure rates, and summaries of actions taken. These          and contributions were made with the aim of promoting a better
reports enable directors to gain an understanding of common issues               understanding of the group and its views on commercial matters,
and action planning, as well as providing insights into how embedded             as well as a generally improved business environment.
Diageo’s purpose, values and culture are across its markets and functions.
For more details of the SpeakUp service, see pages 47 and 87.                    Going concern
                                                                                 Management has prepared cash flow forecasts which have also been
Workforce engagement programme                                                   sensitised to reflect severe, but plausible downside scenarios taking
Insights drawn from the Chairman’s annual programme of workforce                 into consideration the group’s principal risks. In our base case scenario,
engagement are also used by the Board to monitor and assess the                  we expect net sales momentum to continue into the year ending
culture of the company. This year the engagement programme has                   30 June 2022, however, we expect near-term volatility to remain. The
been expanded to enable other non-executive directors to support the             potential financial impact of a slower Covid-19 pandemic recovery has
Chairman by directly engaging with employees from a variety of regions,          been modelled in the plausible downside scenarios. Even with these
functions and levels in the business. For more on workforce engagement,          negative sensitivities for each region taken into account, the group’s
see pages 92 and 96.                                                             cash position is still considered to remain strong, as we have protected


                                                                                                                          Diageo Annual Report 2021                  97
Corporate governance report continued




our liquidity by launching and pricing €700 million of fixed rate Euro and    Directors’ confirmations
£400 million of fixed rate Sterling denominated bonds under Diageo’s          The Directors consider that the Annual Report and Accounts, taken as a
European Debt Issuance Programme. Mitigating actions, should they             whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the information
be required, are all within management’s control and could include            necessary for shareholders to assess the group’s and parent company’s
reductions in discretionary spending including acquisitions and capital       position and performance, business model and strategy. Each of the
expenditure, as well as a temporary suspension of the share buyback           Directors, whose names and functions are listed on pages 84 and 85
programme and dividend payments in the next 12 months or                      confirm that, to the best of their knowledge:
drawdown on committed facilities. Having considered the outcome               – the group financial statements, which have been prepared in
of these assessments, the Directors are comfortable that the Company             accordance with international accounting standards in conformity
is going concern for at least 12 months from the date of signing the             with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and International
company’s consolidated financial statements.                                     Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) adopted pursuant to Regulation
                                                                                 (EC) No 1606/2002 as it applies in the European Union, and IFRS as
Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Annual Report                      issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, give a true
and financial statements                                                         and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit of
The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report, the               the group;
information filed with the SEC on Form 20-F and the group and parent          – the parent company financial statements, which have been prepared
company financial statements in accordance with applicable law and               in accordance with United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising
regulation. Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial              FRS 101, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial
statements for each financial year. Under that law, the Directors                position and profit of the parent company; and
have prepared the group financial statements in accordance with               – the Strategic report includes a fair review of the development and
international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements           performance of the business and the position of the group and parent
of the Companies Act 2006 and with IFRS as issued by the International           company, together with a description of the principal risks and
Accounting Standards Board. Additionally, the Financial Conduct                  uncertainties that it faces.
Authority’s Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules require the
Directors to prepare the group financial statements in accordance with        In accordance with section 418 of the Companies Act 2006, the Directors
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) adopted pursuant           who held office at the date of the approval of the Directors’ report confirm
to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as it applies in the European Union.          that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit information
The Directors have elected to prepare the parent company financial            of which the group’s and parent company’s auditor is unaware, and each
statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted               Director has taken all reasonable steps to ascertain any relevant audit
Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising          information and to ensure that the company’s auditor is aware of
FRS 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’, and applicable law).                  that information.

Under company law, the Directors must not approve the financial               The responsibility statement was approved by the Board of Directors on
statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of   28 July 2021.
the state of affairs of the group and parent company and of the profit or
loss of the group and parent company for that period. In preparing the
financial statements, the Directors are required to:

– select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
– state whether applicable international accounting standards in
  conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and
  International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) adopted pursuant to
  Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as it applies in the European Union have
  been followed for the group financial statements and United Kingdom
  Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 101, have been followed for
  the parent company financial statements, subject to any material
  departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;
– make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and
  prudent; and
– prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it
  is inappropriate to presume that the group and company will continue
  in business.

The Directors are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the
group and parent company and hence for taking reasonable steps
for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities. The
Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that
are sufficient to show and explain the group’s and parent company’s
transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the
financial position of the group and parent company and enable
them to ensure that the financial statements and the Directors’
Remuneration Report comply with the Companies Act 2006. The
Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the
company’s website. Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the
preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from
legislation in other jurisdictions.


98      Diageo Annual Report 2021
Audit Committee report


Ensuring integrity across the business
                                                                        Role of the Audit Committee
                                                                        The formal role of the Audit Committee is set out in its terms of reference,
                                                                        which are available at https://www.diageo.com/en/our-business/
                                                                        corporate-governance. Key elements of the role of the Committee
                                                                        and work carried out during the year are set out as follows.

                                                                        Composition of the Audit Committee
                                                                        The members of the Audit Committee are independent non-executive
                                                                        directors and it comprises Alan Stewart (Committee Chairman), Melissa
                                                                        Bethell, Susan Kilsby, Valérie Chapoulaud-Floquet, Sir John Manzoni,
                                                                        Lady Mendelsohn and Ireena Vittal. The Chairman of the Board, the Chief
                                                                        Financial Officer, the General Counsel & Company Secretary, the Group
                                                                        Controller, the Head of Global Audit & Risk (GAR), the Chief Business




                                                                                                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                                                                                                                  GOVERNANCE
                                                                        Integrity Officer, the General Counsel Corporate, the Controls Assurance
                                                                        Director, the Chief Accountant and the external auditor regularly attend
                                                                        meetings of the Committee. The Audit Committee met privately with
    Dear Shareholder                                                    the external auditor, the Chief Business Integrity Officer, the Controls
    I am pleased to present the Audit Committee’s report for the        Assurance Director and the Head of GAR regularly during the year.
    year ended 30 June 2021.
                                                                        Financial statements
    The role of the Audit Committee is to monitor and review the        The Audit Committee met five times (and a subcommittee met once)
    integrity of the company’s financial statements and reporting,      during the year and reviewed the interim results announcement,
    its internal control and risk management processes, its             including the interim financial statements, the Annual Report and
    audit and risk activities, business conduct and integrity,          associated preliminary results announcement and Form 20-F, focussing
    whistleblowing and breach allegation investigations, and the        on key areas of judgement and complexity, critical accounting policies,
    appointment and performance of the external auditor. During         disclosures (including those relating to contingent liabilities, climate
    the year ended 30 June 2021, the Committee has ensured that         change and principal risks), viability and going concern assessments,
    it has had oversight of all these areas while also focussing on a   provisioning and any changes required in these areas or policies.
    diverse range of risks, including both principal and emerging       During the year, the Audit Committee has focussed in particular on the
    risks, such as cyber security, climate change, data management      company’s reporting on climate change risk, including its approach as
    and privacy, fraud and compliance risk, culture, bullying and       regards compliance with the recommendations of the Task Force on
    harassment, third party risk, supply operations and product         Climate-related Financial Disclosures, further details of which are set
    recall processes, pensions funding, and counterfeit risk. In        out on pages 50-55.
    addition to these risk reviews and deep dives, the Committee
    has received regular reports on internal audits, business           The company has in place internal control and risk management systems
    integrity and controls assurance work, breach allegation            in relation to the company’s financial reporting process and the group’s
    and investigation processes, as well as updates on the steps        process for the preparation of consolidated accounts. A review of the
    being taken to address internal audit findings, controls issues     consolidated financial statements is completed by the Filings Assurance
    and investigations.                                                 Committee (FAC) to ensure that the financial position and results of the
                                                                        group are appropriately reflected therein. In addition to reviewing draft
    All members of the Audit Committee participated in the              financial statements for publication at the half and full year, the FAC
    externally facilitated performance evaluation carried out           is responsible for examining the company’s financial information and
    during the year, which concluded that the Audit Committee’s         processes, the effectiveness of internal controls relating to financial
    performance over the past year had been excellent and that          reporting and disclosures, legal and compliance issues and, determining
    its members were very well supported by management                  whether the company’s disclosures are accurate and adequate. The FAC
    and external auditors. Further details of the evaluation,           comprises the Chief Executive, the Chief Financial Officer, the General
    its recommendations and actions can be found on                     Counsel & Company Secretary, the General Counsel Corporate, the Group
    pages 94-95.                                                        Controller, the Chief Accountant, the Head of Investor Relations, the Head
                                                                        of GAR, the Controls Assurance Director, and the Chief Business Integrity
    I am confident that the Audit Committee has carried out             Officer, with the company’s external auditor in attendance. The Audit
    its duties during the year effectively and to a high standard,      Committee reviewed the work of the FAC and a report on the conclusions
    providing independent oversight with the support of                 of the FAC process was provided to the Audit Committee by the Chief
    management and assurance from the external auditors.                Financial Officer.

                                                                        The Audit Committee has considered whether the report is ‘fair, balanced
                                                                        and understandable’ (noting the Code’s reference to ‘position’ as well
                                                                        as ‘performance, business model and strategy’) by assessing the various
                                                                        elements of the report, the drafting and review processes undertaken
    Alan Stewart                                                        including by the company’s advisors, and the internal approvals received.
    Chairman of the Audit Committee                                     On the basis of this work, the Audit Committee recommended to the
                                                                        Board that it could make the required statement that the Annual Report
                                                                        is ‘fair, balanced and understandable’.




                                                                                                             Diageo Annual Report 2021             99
Audit Committee report continued


Activities of the Audit Committee                                               mitigations, including those set out in the section of this Annual Report
At its meetings, the Audit Committee reviewed reports from the Head             dealing with principal risks. Based on this activity during the year, the
of GAR, the Controls Assurance Director and the Chief Business Integrity        Audit Committee made a recommendation to the Board covering the
Officer, as summarised on page 99, and had sight of the minutes of              nature and extent of the risks it was willing to take to achieve its strategic
meetings of management’s Audit & Risk Committee. The work and                   goals and its internal statement of risk appetite (which was considered
reporting to the Committee of these functions during the year included          also by management’s Audit & Risk Committee). The Board agreed
focus on cyber security, data management and privacy, fraud and                 this recommendation.
compliance risk, culture, bullying and harassment, third party risk, supply
operations and product recall processes, pensions funding, and                  Through the activities of the Audit Committee described in this report,
counterfeit risk.                                                               including its review of the reports regularly provided to the Audit
                                                                                Committee by internal audit, Business Integrity and Controls Assurance
The Committee also received regular updates from the General Counsel            teams, and its related recommendations to the Board, the Board confirms
on significant litigation and from the Head of Tax on the group’s tax profile   that it has reviewed the effectiveness of the company’s systems of internal
and key issues. The Committee also considered key risks and related             control and risk management and that there were no material failings
                                                                                identified and no significant failings identified which require disclosure
                                                                                in this Annual Report.
      Significant issues and judgements that were considered in
                                                                                External auditor
      respect of the 2021 financial statements are set out below.
                                                                                During the year, the Audit Committee reviewed the external audit strategy
      Our consideration of issues included discussion of the key
                                                                                and the findings of the external auditor from its review of the interim
      audit matters as outlined in the appendix to the independent
                                                                                results and its audit of the consolidated financial statements.
      auditors’ report. The Audit Committee:
                                                                                The Audit Committee reviews annually the appointment of the auditor
      – Considered the nature and size of any one-off items
                                                                                (taking into account the auditor’s effectiveness and independence and
        impacting the quality of the earnings and cash flows. The
                                                                                all appropriate guidelines) and makes a recommendation to the Board
        Audit Committee assessed whether the related presentation
                                                                                accordingly. Any decision to open the external audit to tender is taken on
        and disclosure of those items in the financial statements was
                                                                                the recommendation of the Audit Committee. There are no contractual
        appropriate based on management’s analysis, and concluded
                                                                                obligations that restrict the company’s current choice of external auditor.
        that it was.
                                                                                Following the last tender process, PwC was appointed as auditor of the
      – Discussed items that were to be presented as exceptional,
                                                                                company in 2015. Richard Oldfield became the lead audit partner for the
        and concluded that those items are in line with the group’s
                                                                                year ended 30 June 2021, following the rotation of the previous partner,
        accounting policy, and that sufficient disclosure is provided
                                                                                and will remain as audit partner for the year ending 30 June 2022 onwards.
        in the financial statements (see note 4).
                                                                                The company is required to have a mandatory audit tender after 10 years
      – Considered whether the carrying value of assets, in particular
                                                                                and, as the Audit Committee considers the relationship with the auditors
        intangible assets, was supportable. The Audit Committee
                                                                                to be working well and remains satisfied with their effectiveness and the
        reviewed the key assumptions used in the impairment testing
                                                                                quality of audit work, their geographical and professional capabilities,
        of intangible assets, including forecast cash flows, growth rates
                                                                                the Audit Committee does not currently anticipate that it will conduct an
        and the discount rate used in value in use calculations. The
                                                                                audit tender before it is required to do so in 2025. The Audit Committee
        Audit Committee agreed that the recoverable amount of the
                                                                                considers this to be in the best interests of the company’s shareholders
        company’s assets was in excess of their carrying value and that
                                                                                for the reasons outlined above and will continue to monitor this annually
        appropriate disclosure was provided with respect to assets
                                                                                to ensure the timing for the audit tender remains appropriate, taking into
        whose value is more sensitive to changes in assumptions
                                                                                account the effectiveness and independence of the auditor.
        (see notes 6, 9 and 10).
      – Discussed the group’s more significant tax exposures and
                                                                                The company has complied with the provisions of The Statutory Audit
        the appropriateness of any related provisions and financial
                                                                                Services for Large Companies Market Investigation (Mandatory Use of
        statement disclosures. The Audit Committee agreed that
                                                                                Competitive Tender Processes and Audit Committee Responsibilities)
        disclosure of tax risk appropriately addresses the significant
                                                                                Order 2014 (CMA Order) for the year ended 30 June 2021.
        change in the international tax environment, and that
        appropriate provisions and other disclosure with respect
                                                                                External auditor effectiveness and quality
        to uncertain tax positions was reflected in the financial
                                                                                The Audit Committee assesses the ongoing effectiveness and quality
        statements (see page 48 and note 7).
                                                                                of the external auditor and audit process through a number of methods,
      – Considered the appropriateness of the valuation of post
                                                                                commencing with identification of appropriate risks by the external auditor
        employment liabilities. Having reviewed management’s
                                                                                as part of its detailed audit plan presented to the Audit Committee at the
        papers setting out key changes to actuarial assumptions, the
                                                                                start of the audit cycle. These risks were reviewed by the Committee and the
        Committee agreed that the assumptions used in the valuation
                                                                                work performed by the auditor was used to test management’s assumptions
        of pension plan liabilities are appropriate, and that sufficient
                                                                                and estimates relating to such risks. The effectiveness of the audit process
        disclosures are provided in the financial statements (note 13).
                                                                                in addressing these matters was assessed through reports presented by the
      – Considered significant legal matters impacting the group. The
                                                                                auditor to the Audit Committee which were discussed by the Committee
        Committee agreed that adequate provision and/or disclosure
                                                                                at both the half-year, in January, and year-end, in July. Following completion
        has been made for all material litigation and disputes, based
                                                                                of the audit process, feedback on its effectiveness was provided through
        on the current most likely outcomes, including the litigation
                                                                                review meetings with the company’s finance team and management
        summarised in note 18.
                                                                                and completion of questionnaires, in advance of management and the
      – Discussed the impact of climate change on the group’s financial
                                                                                auditor providing assessments of auditor effectiveness and quality to the
        reporting and financial statements. The Audit Committee agreed
                                                                                Audit Committee for consideration at its meeting in December. This year,
        that the disclosures on pages 50 to 55 made in response to
                                                                                overall performance of the auditor was assessed as solid and improved
        the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related
                                                                                as compared to the prior year, with strong feedback provided as to
        Financial Disclosures are appropriate and that the assumptions
                                                                                auditor independence, quality control processes, availability, openness and
        used in the financial statements are consistent with these
                                                                                responsiveness, and technological expertise. Areas where continued focus
        disclosures (note 1, note 10).
                                                                                was required included simplification of impairment processes, alignment
                                                                                of communication between teams, and proactive efficiency driving.


100     Diageo Annual Report 2021
The group has a policy on auditor independence and on the use of the             Our Code of Business Conduct and other global policies are available
external auditor for non-audit services, which is reviewed annually, most        at https://www.diageo.com/en/our-business/corporate-governance.
recently in July 2021. This year there were minor changes to the policy’s
contents, with amendments reflecting internal organisational changes             The Audit Committee monitors compliance with the company’s ethical
and to clarify certain references and amendment to the threshold applied         standards through the Business Integrity framework, which helps enhance
in the approval process of permissible services. Under the auditor               and protect all aspects of the company’s business. Regular reports are
independence policy, any member of the PwC global network shall                  provided to the Audit Committee by the Chief Business Integrity Officer
provide to the company, its subsidiaries or any related entity only              on progress in providing guidance, training and tools for all levels in the
permissible services, subject to the approval of the Audit Committee after       business, completion rates for training modules, launch and rollout of new
it has properly assessed through its governance process the threats to           programmes or policies, monitoring use of whistle-blowing mechanisms
independence and the safeguards applied in accordance with the FRC               and investigating allegations of breaches. The Business Integrity function
Ethical Standard and US Public Company Accounting Oversight Board                use systems and data to allow for more efficient breach management
rules. Any FRC permissible service to be provided by the auditor, regardless     oversight, analysis and identification of root causes, overall trends and
of the size of the engagement, must be specifically approved by the Audit        indicators, and to monitor investigation closure rates, which are reported
Committee or its nominated delegate, based on a defined scope                    to the Audit Committee.
of pre-approved services. The policy explicitly specifies the auditor
independence review and approval mechanism process by the                        The company operates a global controls assurance programme for




                                                                                                                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Committee for permissible engagements above the specified threshold,             controls in each market and function, which monitors compliance with
which has been amended to £100,000 from £250,000 in July 2021. Fees              and effective operation of the company’s controls framework. The Audit
paid to the auditor for audit, audit-related and other services are analysed     Committee receives regular reports on the status of the controls assurance
in note 3(b) to the consolidated financial statements. The nature and level      plan, actions taken to enhance controls design and assessments, awareness
of all services provided by the external auditor are factors taken into          training provided to employees, testing results and trends analysis derived
account by the Audit Committee when it reviews annually the                      from the company’s integrated risk management system.
independence of the external auditor. During the year, no non-audit
services were provided by the external auditor to the company, its               Senior financial officers’ code of ethics
subsidiaries or any related entity other than personal tax services              In accordance with the requirements of SOX and related SEC rules,
provided to two Non-Executive Directors.                                         Diageo has adopted a code of ethics covering its Chief Executive,
                                                                                 Chief Financial Officer, and other senior financial officers. During the
‘Financial expert’, recent and relevant financial experience                     year, certain minor amendments were made to, but no waivers granted in
The Board has satisfied itself that the membership of the Audit Committee        respect of, this code of ethics. The full text of the code of ethics is available
includes at least one Director with recent and relevant financial experience     at https://www.diageo.com/en/our-business/corporate-governance.
and has competence in accounting and/or auditing and in the sector               Both the Audit & Risk Committee and the Audit Committee regularly
which the company operates, and that all members are financially                 review the strategy and operation of the Business Integrity programme
literate and have experience of corporate financial matters. For the             through the year.
purposes of the Code and the relevant rule under SOX, section 407,
the Board has determined that Alan Stewart is independent and may                Management’s report on internal control
be regarded as an Audit Committee financial expert, having recent                over financial reporting
and relevant financial experience, and that all members of the Audit             Management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive and
Committee are independent Non-Executive Directors with relevant                  Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining
financial and sectoral competence.                                               adequate control over the group’s financial reporting. The Filings
                                                                                 Assurance Committee supports the Chief Executive and Chief Financial
Internal audit                                                                   Officer in ensuring the accuracy of the company’s financial reporting,
The company’s internal GAR team undertakes an annual audit and risk              filings and disclosures. As summarised on page 99, prior to interim
plan by delivering a series of internal assurance and audit assignments          reporting and preliminary reporting each year, the Filings Assurance
across a variety of markets, business units and functions. On the conclusion     Committee examines the company’s financial information and processes,
of each assignment, GAR issues a report on its findings which may also           the effectiveness of its controls in respect of financial reporting, and the
include an overall rating as to the status of the market or function being       contents of its disclosures.
audited, detailed reasons for the rating and actions to be taken within a
specific timetable. The Audit Committee receives regular reports from the        Management has assessed the effectiveness of Diageo’s internal control
Head of GAR on the latest reports issued.                                        over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13(a)-13(f) and 15(d)-15(f)
                                                                                 under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934) based on the
Due to the Covid-19 pandemic, this year audits were designed to be               framework in the document ‘Internal Control – Integrated Framework’,
undertaken by GAR remotely and without compromising quality and                  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
effectiveness. The Audit Committee assesses the effectiveness of GAR by          Commission (COSO) in 2013. Based on this assessment, management
reviewing its annual audit plan at the start of the financial year, monitoring   concluded that, as at 30 June 2021, internal control over financial reporting
its on-going quality throughout the year, and assessing completion rates         was effective. During the period covered by this report, there were no
and feedback provided following completion of the annual audit plan. In          changes in internal control over financial reporting that have materially
addition, following an external evaluation of the company’s internal audit       affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the effectiveness of
processes and function carried out in 2020, GAR’s audit plan and processes       internal control over financial reporting. The same independent registered
were adapted to reflect the external evaluator’s recommendations and             public accounting firm which audits the group’s consolidated financial
suggested actions.                                                               statements has audited the effectiveness of the group’s internal control
                                                                                 over financial reporting, and has issued an unqualified report thereon,
Business Integrity and Controls Assurance programmes                             which is included in the integrated audit report which will be included
Diageo is committed to conducting its business responsibly and                   in the company’s Form 20-F to be filed with the SEC.
in accordance with all laws and regulations to which its business
activities are subject. We hold ourselves to the principles in our Code
of Business Conduct, which is embedded through a comprehensive
training and education programme for all employees. Our employees
are expected to act in accordance with our values, the Code of Business
Conduct and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.


                                                                                                                        Diageo Annual Report 2021             101
Nomination Committee report


Championing our talent strategy
                                                                          Role of the Nomination Committee
                                                                          The Nomination Committee is responsible for keeping under review
                                                                          the composition of the Board and succession to it, reviewing succession
                                                                          planning for key Executive Committee roles, and succession planning
                                                                          and overall talent strategy for senior leadership positions, including in
                                                                          relation to ensuring and encouraging diversity in leadership positions.
                                                                          It makes recommendations to the Board concerning appointments
                                                                          to the Board. The recruitment process for Non-Executive Directors
                                                                          includes the development of a candidate profile and the engagement
                                                                          of Egon Zehnder, a professional search agency (which has no connection
                                                                          with the company other than acting as an executive search agency)
                                                                          specialising in the recruitment of high-calibre candidates for non-
                                                                          executive and executive roles. In the case of Executive Director or
                                                                          Executive Committee appointments, an executive leadership assessment is
                                                                          carried out by an external professional agency. Reports on potential appointees
                                                                          are provided to the Committee, which, after careful consideration, makes
      Dear Shareholder                                                    a recommendation to the Board. In determining its recommendations,
      On behalf of the Nomination Committee, I am pleased to              the Committee has regard to a broad range of factors including the
      present its report for the year ended 30 June 2021. The primary     candidate’s background, skillset and experience, their ability to express
      role of the Committee is to ensure that there is a pipeline of      independent judgement and participate across a broad range of topics,
      strong candidates for potential nomination as Non-Executive         their ability to devote sufficient time to the company and whether their
      Directors and to review succession planning and talent strategy     appointment would contribute towards the Board’s diversity objectives.
      for Executive Directors and other members of the Executive
      Committee. There has been significant change in Board               While the Board does not have a written policy as regards the
      membership this year, with the Committee recommending               maximum number of other appointments that Directors should
      the appointments of Sir John Manzoni, Ireena Vittal and             have, before recommending new appointments to the Board, the
      Valérie Chapoulaud-Floquet as Non-Executive Directors               Nomination Committee considers other demands on candidates’ time.
      and the appointment of Lavanya Chandrashekar as CFO                 Once appointed, any proposed additional external appointments are also
      and Executive Director. These appointments had been made            reviewed by the Nomination Committee to ensure that the additional
      following a detailed market review assisted by an independent       demands on a director’s time will not impact on the director’s ability to
      executive search agency and, in the case of the CFO and             perform his or her role as a director of the company before the additional
      Executive Director appointment, an internal talent review and       appointment is recommended for approval by the Board. Directors’
      selection process involving internal and external candidates        interests are reviewed and updated at each Board meeting. Any new
      carried out by the Committee. Given the number of changes           Directors are appointed by the Board and, in accordance with the
      of Board membership this year, we have taken the opportunity        company’s articles of association, they must be elected at the next AGM
      to refresh our Board induction programme including adapting         to continue in office. All existing Directors retire by rotation and stand for
      aspects of it to be more suitable to a remote working environment   re-election every year. While the company’s policy is for all Directors to
      such as has been experienced recently.                              attend the AGM, due to the Covid-19 pandemic the 2020 AGM was held
                                                                          as a ‘closed meeting’ in accordance with the Corporate Insolvency and
      This year the Committee has also had oversight of the externally    Governance Act 2020 and, as a result, only the Chairman attended with
      facilitated review and evaluation of the effectiveness of the       the Company Secretary. Details of attendance of all Board and Committee
      Board, its Committees, members and processes. Further details,      meetings by Directors are set out on page 90.
      including the review’s conclusions, recommendations and
      actions as presented to the Board in December 2020, are             More details on the role of the Nomination Committee are set out in its
      set out on pages 94 and 95.                                         terms of reference which are available at https://www.diageo.com/en/
                                                                          our-business/corporate-governance/.
      The Committee has also been involved in reviewing
      talent planning and succession of a number of Executive             Composition of the Nomination Committee
      Committee members. Over the year, Alvaro Cardenas has               The Nomination Committee comprises Javier Ferrán (Committee
      been appointed as President, Latin America and Caribbean,           Chairman), Melissa Bethell, Susan Kilsby, Valérie Chapoulaud-Floquet,
      and Hina Nagarajan has been appointed as MD & CEO, United           Sir John Manzoni, Lady Mendelsohn, Alan Stewart and Ireena Vittal.
      Spirits Limited. Lastly, I wish to acknowledge the contribution
      and support of our General Counsel and Company Secretary,           Induction and training
      Siobhán Moriarty, who will retire following the AGM in              The company has adapted its induction programme for new
      September after 24 years with the company. Siobhán will             Directors appointed during the year, to take account of social
      be succeeded by Tom Shropshire, who recently joined the             distancing requirements and restrictions on travel. As a consequence,
      company from international law firm Linklaters.                     individual meetings with Executive Committee members and other
                                                                          senior executives which would ordinarily have been in person have had
                                                                          to take place through video conference systems and visits by the newly
                                                                          appointed Directors to the company’s production facilities, offices and
                                                                          other sites around the group have been postponed.

      Javier Ferrán                                                       Alternative ways of facilitating thorough induction programmes have
      Chairman of the Nomination Committee                                been introduced, including a number which were recommended
                                                                          following the externally facilitated Board effectiveness review carried



102     Diageo Annual Report 2021
                                                                                 Diversity
                                                                                 The Board has a long-standing commitment to prioritise diversity
out during the first half of the year. For example instead of physical visits    and supports the recommendations of the Hampton-Alexander
Directors have been provided with access to a number of recorded virtual         Review on gender diversity and the Parker Review on ethnic
tours of certain of the company’s sites and interviews with a range of           diversity. The Board Diversity Policy sets out specific objectives
employees from different backgrounds and markets. ‘Skip level’ video             with parity between male and female members of the Board
conference meetings are also being arranged between Non-Executive                being the ultimate goal in terms of gender diversity, with a
Directors and employees to enable broader interactions which will                commitment to have no less than 40% female representation
enhance Directors’ induction experiences as well as provide another              on the Board, and having at least one Director reflecting
means of engagement between the Board and the company’s workforce.               ethnic diversity as defined in accordance with the Parker Review.
All Directors who have been unable to travel over this period will have the      The Committee is pleased to confirm that both these objectives
opportunity to visit key sites, including the company’s production facilities    have currently been met. The Board Diversity Policy also sets
in Scotland and elsewhere, and to meet executives face-to-face when              out the Board’s support for management’s actions to increase the
travel restrictions are lifted.                                                  proportion of senior leadership roles held by women and by people
                                                                                 from minority backgrounds and other under-represented groups.




                                                                                                                                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
It is intended that future induction programmes for new Directors will           As at 30 June 2021, the percentage of women on the Executive
also be more tailored to suit the particular background and experience of        Committee and their direct reports is 46%.
the individual Director, with the Committee advising on priorities for that
individual and tracking induction activity. This will supplement existing        Board composition
practices whereby, following the initial induction process, a continuing          10%          20%             70%
understanding of the business is developed through appropriate business
engagements for Non-Executive Directors which would ordinarily include
visits to customers, engagements with employees, and brand events                    Chairman                        Executive directors             Non-executive directors
worked into the annual cycle of Board meetings. Training on specific areas
of risk and detailed reviews of strategic matters are provided by Executive      Non-Executive Director tenure
Committee members, other internal senior leaders and external guest
                                                                                  50%                                             25%                        25%
speakers and specialists through presentations, roundtable discussions
and other sessions as part of the Board’s Annual Strategy Conference
and during the year as part of Board and Audit Committee meetings.                   0-3 years                       3-6 years                       6-9 years

In addition, Executive Committee members and other senior executives             Gender diversity: Board of Directors
are invited, as appropriate, to Board and strategy meetings to make
presentations on their areas of responsibility. All Directors are also            40%                                    60%
provided regular briefings to ensure they are kept up to date on relevant
legal and governance developments or changes, best practice developments
                                                                                     Male                            Female                          Prefer not to disclose
and changing commercial and other risks.
                                                                                 Gender diversity: Executive Committee
Activities of the Nomination Committee
The principal activities of the Nomination Committee during the year were:        57%                                                    43%

– the consideration of the talent pipeline for potential new appointments
  to the Board including the selection and recommendation as to the                  Male                            Female                          Prefer not to disclose
  appointment of new Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and
                                                                                 Executive Committee nationality
  the Company Secretary;
– the selection, scoping and appointment of an external professional              14%            7% 14%             22%                  7% 7% 22%                         7%
  consultancy to conduct a review of Board, committee and individual
  Director effectiveness and performance as part of the annual
  evaluation process, and a review of the findings of the consultancy’s              British                         American                        Irish
  report and its recommendations;                                                    Indian                          Spanish                         Australian
– consideration and approval of the report of the Committee in the                   American/British                Colombian
  company’s annual report and accounts for the year ended 30 June 2020;
– consideration and recommendation to the Board of proposed changes              Ethnic diversity: Board of Directors
  in Directors’ outside interests and any potential conflicts of interest; and
– a review of the succession plans for Executive Committee roles,                 40%                                    60%
  including potential candidates for such roles, their backgrounds and
  experience, and how such candidates would contribute towards the
                                                                                     Directors of colour             White European                  Prefer not to disclose
  company’s diversity objectives.                                                                                    Heritage

                                                                                 ETHNIC DIVERSITY DEFINITIONS
Evaluation
                                                                                 – Directors are defined as all non-executive and executive directors
As part of the annual Board evaluation, all members of the Nomination
                                                                                   appointed to the Board.
Committee participated in an evaluation of the Committee. This
                                                                                 – Directors of colour are defined in accordance with the Parker
concluded that the performance of the Committee had continued to
                                                                                   Review definitions as those ‘who identify as or have evident
improve, with more formalised ways of working. The emphasis is now on
                                                                                   heritage from African, Asian, Middle Eastern, Central and South
ensuring adequate time and focus on developing strong succession plans
                                                                                   American regions’.
and to ensure all Board members remain informed as to the work of the
Committee as the Board grows. Further details of the evaluation can be           All data above is given as at the last practicable date prior to publication of this report,
found on pages 94-95.                                                            being 27 July 2021




                                                                                                                           Diageo Annual Report 2021                      103
Directors’ remuneration report


Annual statement by the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee
                                                                            Exceptional performance through exceptional times
                                                                            As you’ve read in the statements from the Chairman and the Chief Executive,
                                                                            the results that have been delivered over the past year have been truly
                                                                            exceptional, despite continued challenging and uneven trading conditions,
                                                                            including the severe impact of the pandemic on Diageo’s travel retail
                                                                            business and significant restrictions on the on-trade (pubs, bars and
                                                                            restaurants) in many parts of the world. Even with this backdrop, Diageo has
                                                                            continued to invest ahead on brands with improved marketing spend
                                                                            relative to pre-pandemic levels, and has capitalised on at-home occasions
                                                                            through strengthened e-commerce and digital capabilities to fuel further
                                                                            growth. As a result, Diageo has delivered robust improvement in top and
                                                                            bottom line performance.

                                                                            At the same time, the company has continued to deliver strong returns to
                                                                            shareholders (~£23 billion of value in share price growth, dividends
                                                                            and return of capital since 1 July 2018), has delivered sustained
      “Diageo’s decisive leadership throughout the uncertainty              improvements in market share (continuing the off-trade share momentum
       of the past year, together with the hard work, resilience,           confirmed at the interim results earlier this year), while also providing
       ingenuity and commitment of our employees around                     unwavering support to employees, suppliers, customers and communities.
                                                                            You can read more about this on page 11.
       the world, have enabled us to emerge from the
       pandemic in a strong position to drive long-term                     Diageo’s decisive leadership throughout the uncertainty of the past year,
       sustainable growth.”                                                 together with the hard work, resilience, ingenuity and commitment of our
                                                                            27,650 employees around the world, have enabled Diageo to emerge
      In this year’s report                                                 from the pandemic in a strong position to drive long-term sustainable
                                                                            growth. Despite the challenges of the past year, employee engagement
      Remuneration at a glance                                    107
                                                                            remains very high. Through the annual engagement survey, regular ‘pulse’
      Pay for performance at a glance                             108
                                                                            surveys on the company’s response to the pandemic and workforce
      Remuneration Committee governance                           109
                                                                            engagement sessions led by the Chairman and other Non-Executive
      Directors’ remuneration policy                              111       Directors during the year, our people report a strong sense of pride and
      Annual report on remuneration                               117       fulfilment working for Diageo and have emphasised how supported they
        Looking back on 2021                                                have felt during the pandemic. Unlike many other companies, Diageo has
        Single figure of remuneration table                       117       not participated in any furloughing schemes, has not initiated any
        Annual incentive payouts for 2021                         118       large-scale restructuring and has continued to provide practical, financial,
        Long-term incentives vesting in 2021                      119       and health and wellbeing support to employees throughout the
        Pension and benefits in 2021                              120       pandemic.
        Long-term incentives awarded in 2021                      120
        Outstanding share plan interests                          121       Looking back at decisions made during the year
        Shareholding requirement                                  122       The structure of the annual incentive plan for Executive Directors for
        CEO total remuneration and TSR performance                123       the year ended 30 June 2021 was designed to reflect the significant levels
        CEO pay ratio                                             124       of uncertainty facing the business across the multiple markets in which
        Annual change in pay for Directors and employees          125       Diageo operates. The target-setting process was managed in two half-year
        Non-Executive Director pay                                126       periods to ensure the right level of focus on critical deliverables and to
                                                                            enable swift response to the changing external environment. This design
        Looking ahead to 2022
                                                                            for the annual incentive plan was outlined in the 2020 remuneration report
        Salary increases for the year ahead                       127       and communicated to participants in July 2020.
        Annual incentive design for the year ahead                127
        Long-term incentives for the year ahead                   127       The targets for the first half of the year (1 July 2020 - 31 December 2020)
                                                                            were approved immediately before the announcement of Diageo’s
                                                                            final results in July 2020, and targets for the second half of the year
                                                                            (1 January 2021 - 30 June 2021) were approved immediately before
Dear Shareholder                                                            the announcement of Diageo’s interim results in January 2021. Details of
I am pleased to present to you the Directors’ remuneration report for the   the company’s performance against targets in both the first and second
year ended 30 June 2021, which contains:                                    halves of the year, as well as total results for the full year, are described in
                                                                            more detail on page 118. The targets set in the second half of the year
– The current Directors’ remuneration policy, which was approved last       took account of better than expected performance in the first half of the
  year at the AGM on 28 September 2020; and                                 year, and enabled the Remuneration Committee to set more challenging
– The annual remuneration report, describing how the policy has been        targets than would have been possible had the Committee set full-year
  put into practice during 2021, and how the policy will be implemented     targets at the beginning of the fiscal year.
  in 2022.
                                                                            As is the usual practice, each year the Remuneration Committee
                                                                            assesses Diageo’s holistic performance across the full financial year, in
                                                                            addition to the company’s performance against targets, to determine
                                                                            whether the level of bonus payout is appropriate, reflects underlying
                                                                            business performance and is aligned to the experience of shareholders.
                                                                            This year, the Committee undertook a comprehensive review of
                                                                            performance across a number of internal and external factors including:

104     Diageo Annual Report 2021
                                                                                Remuneration principles
                                                                                The approach to setting executive remuneration continues to
– Market share gains – Diageo is holding or growing off-trade share in          be guided by the remuneration principles set out below. The
  85% of total net sales value in measured markets, an improvement of 20ppt     Committee considers these principles carefully when making
  on last year, with notably strong share gains in the US TBA (Total            decisions on executive remuneration in order to strike the right
  Beverage Alcohol);                                                            balance between risk and reward, cost and sustainability, and
– Performance relative to peer group – Diageo delivered broad-based             competitiveness and fairness.
  outperformance at the top of the Alcoholic Beverages peer set and top
  quartile performance compared to our TSR peer group;                          We need to have the right tools in place to source talent
– Strategic delivery and reputation – Diageo has continued to provide           globally and the increasingly restrictive corporate governance
  support to customers and the communities within which it operates             environment in the United Kingdom presents some challenges
  (see page 11) as well as making positive progress on grain-to-glass           when considered against the significantly higher pay norms in
  sustainability and continued progress on inclusion and diversity.             the United States and other parts of the world, particularly given
  Diageo was also named the top company in both the FTSE100 and in              the increasing international mobility of the senior talent pool.
  the beverages sector for representation of women at board, executive
                                                                                Long-term value creation for shareholders and pay for




                                                                                                                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
  and leadership level in the 2020 Hampton Alexander Review; and
– Employee engagement – remains very high at an overall score of                performance remains at the heart of our remuneration policy
  81% in 2021, 1% above already high levels prior to the pandemic and           and practices. Attracting and nurturing a vibrant mix of talent
  10ppt higher than the external benchmark for similar sized companies          with a range of backgrounds, skills and capabilities – in good
  in our sector. 89% of respondents are proud to work for Diageo and            times and even more so in challenging times – enables Diageo
  81% would recommend working for Diageo.                                       to grow and thrive, and ultimately to deliver our Performance
                                                                                Ambition. Remuneration remains a key part of attracting and
The Remuneration Committee concluded that the formulaic outcomes of             retaining the best people to lead our business, balanced against
93.8% of maximum for the Chief Executive, Ivan Menezes, and 91.3% of            the need to ensure our packages are appropriate and fair in
maximum for the outgoing Chief Financial Officer during the year, Kathryn       the business and wider employee context, delivering market-
Mikells, are justified given the exceptional nature of performance in           competitive pay in return for high performance against the
challenging circumstances. In line with the Directors’ remuneration policy,     company’s strategic objectives.
one-third of the Chief Executive’s annual bonus will be deferred into
Diageo shares to be held for three years, with the balance paid in cash in                 Delivery of business strategy
September 2021.                                                                            Short- and long-term incentive plans reward the delivery
                                                                                           of our business strategy and Performance Ambition.
Under the long-term incentive plan, 2018 performance share awards                          Performance measures are reviewed regularly and
will vest in September 2021 at 29.3% of maximum and share option                           stretching targets are set relative to the company’s
awards will vest at 10% of maximum, based on performance against                           growth plans and peer group performance. The
the original targets set in 2018 (see page 119 for more detail), which was                 Committee seeks to embed simplicity and transparency
much higher than anticipated given the impact of the pandemic on a                         in the design and delivery of executive reward.
large proportion of the three-year performance period. At the start of 2021,
on the basis that it was not clear that the awards would vest at all, the                  Creating sustainable, long-term performance
Committee explored the possibility of exercising its discretion to change                  A significant proportion of remuneration is delivered
the formulaic outcome of the 2018 award, considering the additional                        in variable pay linked to business and individual
criteria that would need to be satisfied to warrant any vesting, as well                   performance, focussed on consistent and responsible
as taking account of the views gathered from shareholders during                           drivers of long-term growth. Performance against
consultation meetings.                                                                     targets is assessed in the context of underlying
                                                                                           business performance and the ‘quality of earnings’.
The Committee was also mindful of the difficult decisions that had been
taken on remuneration during fiscal 2020, with no annual salary review for                 Winning best talent
employees and executives alike, no annual bonus payment for many                           Market-competitive total remuneration with an
employees (including the Executive Committee, as we exercised                              appropriate balance of reward and upside opportunity
downward discretion to waive the earned payout against individual                          allows us to attract and retain the best talent from
business objectives) as well as low long-term incentive vesting. The                       all over the world, which is critical to our continued
potential impact of such actions on motivation, engagement and                             business success.
retention, particularly for the wider group of senior leaders across the
business who participate in the performance share element of the                           Consideration of stakeholder interests
long-term incentive plan, continues to be a serious concern for the                        Executives are focussed on creating sustainable share
Remuneration Committee and will continue to be carefully monitored.                        price growth. The requirement to build significant
                                                                                           personal shareholdings in Diageo and hold long-term
The final outcome under the 2018 long-term incentive plan based                            incentive awards for two years post-vesting encourages
on performance against the original targets, while still relatively low                    executives to think and act like owners. Decisions on
in the context of the substantial returns to shareholders over the same                    executive remuneration are made with consideration
period, is well above the level at which it was tracking earlier in the year.              of the interests of the wider workforce and other
The Committee carefully considered financial performance under the                         stakeholders, as well as taking account of the
annual incentive plan and determined that this payout, together with the                   external climate.
level of vesting under the 2018 long-term incentive award, would provide
fair recognition and reward of exceptional performance and leadership
during this challenging period. As a result, the Committee decided not
to apply discretion to the vesting outcome under the 2018 long-term
incentive award.



                                                                                                                 Diageo Annual Report 2021            105
Directors’ remuneration report continued




CFO succession                                                                The Committee reviewed the annual incentive plan for Executive Directors
As announced on 14 January 2021, Kathryn Mikells, Chief Financial             in the year ended 30 June 2022 and decided to retain the same structure
Officer, left the company on 30 June 2021 to return to the United States      as the year before, with 80% based on financial measures (net sales,
after almost six years in role. Kathryn has been succeeded by Lavanya         operating profit and operating cash conversion) and 20% on individual
Chandrashekar, who was appointed to the Board on 1 July 2021. The             business objectives, with a return to full-year targets now that pandemic
remuneration arrangements for both the outgoing and incoming Chief            restrictions are easing in many parts of the world.
Financial Officers have been implemented in accordance with the external
announcement and the approved 2020 Directors’ remuneration policy.            For long-term incentive awards to be granted in September 2021, the
                                                                              Committee reviewed the design and selection of performance measures
Kathryn Mikells’ service contract provided for a 12-month notice period. As   and decided to retain the same measures and weightings as in 2020: net
part of an orderly succession plan, notice commenced on 13 January 2021       sales, profit before exceptional items and tax, cumulative free cash flow,
and Kathryn remained an employee and director of the company until            relative total shareholder return and ESG (environmental, social and
30 June 2021. Details of payments on termination are outlined on page 117.    governance). These measures reflect the company’s strategic priorities
Kathryn remains eligible for a payment under the annual incentive plan for    and key drivers of long-term growth. I had the opportunity to discuss
the year ended 30 June 2021, subject to the performance conditions in the     with a number of shareholders during the year our proposals on the
normal way (see page 118 for more details). The Committee also exercised      ESG performance conditions, and welcomed the constructive input and
its discretion, in accordance with the Plan Rules and the remuneration        appreciation for the progressive stance the company is taking on its
policy, to prorate to the leaving date all unvested long-term incentive       approach to ESG. As a reminder, the ESG measure covers carbon
awards. These awards remain subject to performance conditions to be           reduction, water efficiency, positive drinking and inclusion and diversity,
assessed at the end of the original performance periods in 2021, 2022         which are all strategic areas of focus under Diageo’s ‘Society 2030: Spirit of
and 2023 with a subsequent two-year holding period. The new post              Progress’, our 10-year action plan to help create an inclusive and
employment shareholding requirement policy, which was introduced as           sustainable world (see pages 12-13 for more detail).
part of the 2020 remuneration policy, will be applied for a period of two
years post exit, requiring Kathryn to hold Diageo shares equal to 400% of     In summary, Diageo has had an exceptional year of performance and that
salary until 30 June 2022 and 200% of salary for the 12 months thereafter.    is reflected in the decisions the Committee has made. I believe that our
The policy will be implemented making use of a restricted nominee             remuneration policy supports the business strategy, drives pay for
account, in which vested shares are already held in trust during the          performance and meets the needs of our stakeholders in a balanced and
two-year post-vesting retention period. As at 30 June 2021, Kathryn           considered way. I would like to thank all of the shareholders and institutional
held shares equivalent to 868% of salary.                                     advisors for their constructive input over the course of the year. I look
                                                                              forward to continuing to engage with shareholders in the coming months as
The salary for the new Chief Financial Officer, Lavanya Chandrashekar, is     Diageo builds on an exceptional year of performance.
11% lower than that of her predecessor and the annual and long-term
incentive opportunity is the same. Her pension contribution at 14% of         I hope that you will join the Board in approving the advisory resolution on
salary is in line with the policy provision for the wider workforce in        the annual report on remuneration and voting in favour of the resolution
the United Kingdom. Further details on Lavanya Chandrashekar’s                at the AGM on 30 September 2021.
remuneration are shown on page 127.

I would like to thank Kathryn for her service and valued contributions to
Remuneration Committee discussions over the past six years and I look
forward to working with Lavanya in the future.
                                                                              Susan Kilsby
Looking forward to the year ahead                                             Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Remuneration Committee
There was no fee increase for Non-Executive Directors in the year ended
30 June 2021. The Chairman’s fee increase from £600,000 to £650,000 per
annum, the first increase since his appointment in January 2017, had been
approved prior to the outbreak of Covid-19 and planned to take effect
on 1 January 2020. The Chairman asked to defer this fee increase until
2021 and it was implemented 18 months after the originally intended
implementation date, on 1 July 2021. The fees for Non-Executive Directors
will be reviewed in September 2021.

The Committee also reviewed annual base salaries for the Chief
Executive and Executive Committee. As part of their review, the
Committee considered the current position of pay relative to the external
market as well as the strong performance context, the approach for the
annual pay review for the wider workforce as well as wider societal and
shareholder expectations. Taking account of the historical track record
of modest salary increases over the years since being appointed Chief
Executive in 2013 (0% in 2014 and 2015, 2% in 2016-2018, 3% in 2019
and 0% in 2020), the Committee approved a base salary increase of 3% for
Ivan Menezes effective 1 October 2021, which is consistent with the merit
budget for the wider workforce in the United Kingdom and the United
States in 2021.




106     Diageo Annual Report 2021
Remuneration at a glance
                     Salary                              Allowances and benefits           Annual incentive                         Long-term incentives                  Shareholding requirement

 Purpose and        – Supports the attraction and       – Provision of market-            – Incentivises delivery of Diageo’s      – Rewards consistent long-term        – Ensures alignment
 link to strategy     retention of the best global        competitive and                   financial and strategic targets          performance in line with              between the interests
                      talent with the capability to       cost-effective benefits         – Provides focus on key financial          Diageo’s business strategy            of Executive Directors
                      deliver Diageo’s strategy           supports attraction and           metrics and the individual’s           – Provides focus on delivering          and shareholders
                                                          retention of talent               contribution to the                      superior long-term returns
                                                                                            company’s performance                    to shareholders
 Key features       – Normally reviewed annually        – Provision of competitive        – Target opportunity is 100% of          – Annual grant of performance         – Minimum shareholding
                      on 1 October                        benefits linked to local          salary and maximum is 200%               shares and share options              requirement within five
                    – Salaries take account of            market practice                   of salary                                – CEO award 500% of salary            years of appointment:
                      external market and internal      – Maximum company                 – Performance measures,                    – CFO award 480% of salary             – CEO 500% of salary
                      employee context                    pension contribution              weightings and stretching                   (% of salary for both CEO           – CFO 400% of salary
                                                          is 14% of salary for              targets are set by the                      and CFO described in             – Post-employment
                                                          new Executive Director            Remuneration Committee                      performance share                  shareholding
                                                          appointments, which is          – Subject to malus and                        equivalents)                       requirement for




                                                                                                                                                                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                          aligned to the offering for       clawback provisions                    – Performance measures,                 Executive Directors of
                                                          new-hire employees in the       – Executive Directors defer one-third      weightings and stretching             100% of in-employment
                                                          United Kingdom                    of earned bonus payment into             targets are set annually              requirement in the first
                                                                                            Diageo shares held for three years,    – Three-year performance period         year after leaving the
                                                                                            first taking effect on the bonus for     plus two-year retention period        company and 50% in the
                                                                                            the year ended 30 June 2021            – Subject to malus and                  second year after leaving
                                                                                          – Remainder paid out in cash after         clawback provisions                   the company
                                                                                            the end of the financial year          – Grant price based on six-month
                                                                                                                                     average to 30 June preceding
                                                                                                                                     grant date
 Planned for        – 3% salary increase for the CEO, – Allowances and benefits           – Targets will be set over the           – Performance measures on             – Post-employment
 year ending          in line with the annual salary    unchanged from prior year           full year                                net sales growth, relative TSR,       shareholding
 30 June 2022
                      budget for the wider workforce – Company pension                    – For the year ending 30 June 2022,        cumulative free cash flow, profit     requirement will be
                      in the United Kingdom and the     contribution:                       measures on net sales growth,            before exceptional items and          maintained in line with
                      United States                     – CEO 20% of salary                 operating profit growth and              tax growth, and ESG                   the policy in the case of
                    – New CFO appointment               – CFO 14% of salary                 operating cash conversion,             – Size of long-term incentive           the CFO, Kathryn Mikells,
                      1 July 2021 (salary 11% lower   – Company intends to                  weighted equally, with remaining         award opportunity is                  who left the company on
                      than previous incumbent)          reduce CEO’s pension                20% on individual objectives             unchanged from prior year             30 June 2021
                                                        contribution to 14% of
                                                        salary by 1 January 2023
 Implementation     – No salary increase for Executive – Allowances and benefits          – Targets set over two half-             – Vesting of 2018 performance         – CEO shareholding 2,735%
 in year ended        Directors or Executive             unchanged from prior year          year periods                             shares at 29.3% of maximum            of salary
 30 June 2021
                      Committee members                – Company pension                  – Payout of 100% of maximum for          – Vesting of 2018 share options       – CFO shareholding 868%
                    – Exceptional salary increases       contribution:                      the financial element of the plan        at 10% of maximum                     of salary1
                      only (e.g. on promotion) for the   – CEO 20% of salary              – Total payout of 93.8% of
                      wider workforce during 2020        – CFO 20% of salary                maximum for the CEO and
                                                                                            91.3% of maximum for the CFO
 Implementation     – Effective 1 October 2019:         – Company pension                 – No annual incentive payout for         – Vesting of 2017 performance         – CEO shareholding 2,635%
 in year ended        – CEO 3% increase                   contribution:                     Executive Directors in 2020              shares at 10% of maximum              of salary
 30 June 2020
                           to $1,661,427                   – CEO 20% of salary                                                     – Vesting of 2017 share options at    – CFO shareholding 791%
                      – CFO 3% increase                       (reduced from 30%                                                      27.5% of maximum                      of salary1
                           to $1,093,044                      of salary effective
                    – In line with the pay budget for         1 July 2019)
                      the wider workforce (3% for          – CFO 20% of salary
                      the United Kingdom and the
                      United States in 2019)


1. This relates to Kathryn Mikells, who left the company on 30 June 2021

Proportionality and management of risk
The structure of Diageo’s executive remuneration package ensures that executives have a vested interest in delivering performance over the short and
long term. There is a three-year deferral of part of the annual incentive payout into shares, a two-year retention period on any vested awards under the
long-term incentive plan and a post-employment shareholding requirement that applies for two years after leaving the company. The performance and
retention periods for each element of remuneration are outlined below.
                                                                                        2021                  2022                 2023                    2024              2025                    2026
 Salary
 Allowances and benefits
 Annual               Paid in cash
 incentive plan       Deferred into shares
 Long-term            Performance shares
 incentives           Share options
 Shareholding requirement

                      Indicates a holding or clawback period




                                                                                                                                                      Diageo Annual Report 2021                     107
Directors’ remuneration report continued



Pay for performance at a glance
The charts below show performance outcomes against targets for the long-term and annual incentive plans. Targets under both incentive plans are set
with reference to Diageo’s strategic plan and the historical and forecasted performance of Diageo and its peers.


Long-term incentives (for the period 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2021)
  Organic growth in net sales                                                                                             Cumulative free cash flow
  CAGR              Threshold                            Midpoint                               Maximum                                    Threshold                               Midpoint                            Maximum
                      3.75%                               4.875%                                    6.0%                                    £7,400m                                £8,050m                              £8,700m



                                     Actual 4.1%                                                                                                                         Actual £7,962m


   Organic growth in profit before exceptional items and tax                                                               Relative TSR ranking vs peer group
    CAGR                 Threshold                             Midpoint                            Maximum                                   Threshold                              Midpoint                              Maximum
                           4.5%                                  7.5%                                 10.5%                                 9th (median)                               –                           3rd (upper quintile)



      Actual 3.1%                                                                                                                            Actual 9th

Annual incentive
Targets and actual performance were measured over the half-year periods from 1 July 2020 to 31 December 2020 (HALF 1) and 1 January 2021 to 30 June
2021 (HALF 2).
  Net sales growth                                                         Full year actual 16%                          Operating profit growth                                              Full year actual 17.7%
  HALF 1                                                                                                                 HALF 1
                     Threshold                               Target                              Maximum                                   Threshold                               Target                             Maximum
                      (27.4%)                                (22.9%)                               (18.4%)                                  (55.3%)                                (46.3%)                              (37.3%)



                                                                                                         Actual 1.0%                                                                                                          Actual (3.4%)

  HALF 2                                                                                                                 HALF 2
                     Threshold                               Target                              Maximum                                   Threshold                               Target                             Maximum
                       25.5%                                 31.3%                                  37.1%                                    38.1%                                 53.1%                                 68.0%



                                                                                                         Actual 39.3%                                                                                                         Actual 69.7%

                                                                                                                        Diageo’s share price growth                                  Growth in dividend distribution
 Operating cash conversion                                       Full year actual 110.5%                                over the period 30 June 2018                                 to shareholders in year ended
 HALF 1
                    Threshold                               Target                              Maximum                 to 30 June 2021                                              30 June 2021
                      45%                                    55%                                    65%

                                                                                                                        27%                                                          4%
                                                                                                    Actual 100.8%       2021                                        £34.61           2021                                         72.55p

 HALF 2                                                                                                                 2018                               £27.22                    2020                                        69.88p
                    Threshold                               Target                              Maximum
                      90%                                   100%                                    110%



                                                                                                    Actual 110.5%

Historical reward outcomes under the annual and long-term incentive plans over the past five years are shown below. Vesting outcomes under the long-term
incentive plan are shown against annualised total shareholder return for the three-year period ended in the year of vesting (i.e. annualised TSR for the three
years ended 30 June 2021 is shown against the vesting outcome for the 2018 long-term incentive awards vesting in 2021). Outcomes against annual incentive
financial measures are shown against organic operating profit growth for each respective financial year, as disclosed in prior-year annual reports.

  5-year vesting outcomes of long-term incentives                                                                         5-year history of annual incentive payouts
  Vesting outcome (% of maximum)                                                        Annualised TSR %                  Payout (% of maximum)                                                          Operating profit growth %
  100                                                                                                 25                  100                                                                                                    20

   80                                                                                                        20            80                                                                                                             16

   60                                              89%                                                        15           60
                                                                                                                                    73%                    75%                                                            100%            12
                                                                                        29.3%
                                                         73%
   40                                 70%    60%                                                              10           40                                                                                                              8

                                                                                                                           20                                                60%                                                           4
                                                                          10%                      10%
   20                                                                                                         5

    0       0%      0%                                                          27.5%                         0                0                                                                  0%                                       0
              2017                      2018         2019                   2020           2021                                     2017                   2018              2019                                        2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      -20
                                                                                                                                                                                                  2020
         Performance shares
         Share options                                                                                                             Annual incentive payout (financial measures excluding
         Annualised total shareholder return over three-year long-term                                                             individual business objectives)
         incentive performance period                                                                                              Organic operating profit growth (% on prior year)




108         Diageo Annual Report 2021
Remuneration Committee governance
Remuneration Committee                                                           Risk – there is an appropriate mix of fixed and variable pay, and financial
Over the year, the Remuneration Committee has consisted of the                   and non-financial objectives, and there are robust measures in place
following independent Non-Executive Directors: Susan Kilsby, Melissa             to ensure alignment with long-term shareholder interests, including
Bethell, Valérie Chapoulaud-Floquet, Ho KwonPing, Sir John Manzoni,              the post-vesting retention period, shareholding requirement and
Lady Mendelsohn, Alan Stewart and Ireena Vittal. Susan Kilsby is the             bonus deferral into shares;
Chair of the Remuneration Committee and also the Senior Independent
Director. The Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive may, by              Predictability – the pay opportunity under different performance
invitation, attend Remuneration Committee meetings except when                   scenarios are set out on page 114 of this report;
their own remuneration is discussed. Diageo’s Chief Human Resources
Officer and Global Performance and Reward Director are also invited              Proportionality – executives are incentivised to achieve stretching
by the Remuneration Committee to provide their views and advice. The             targets over annual and three-year performance periods, and the
Chief Financial Officer may also attend to provide performance context           Committee assesses performance holistically at the end of each period,
to the Committee during its discussions about target setting. Information        taking into account underlying business performance and the internal




                                                                                                                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
on meetings held and Director attendance is disclosed in the corporate           and external context. The Committee may exercise discretion to ensure
governance report.                                                               that payouts are appropriate; and

The Remuneration Committee’s principal responsibilities are:                     Alignment with culture – non-financial objectives may be incentivised
                                                                                 under the individual business objective element of the annual incentive
– making recommendations to the Board on remuneration policy as                  plan and ESG priorities are incentivised under the long-term incentive
  applied to the Executive Directors and the Executive Committee;                plan, which reinforces the company’s purpose and values.
– setting, reviewing and approving individual remuneration
  arrangements for the Chairman of the Board, Executive Directors                External advisors
  and Executive Committee members including terms and conditions                 During the year ended 30 June 2021, the Remuneration Committee
  of employment;                                                                 received advice on executive remuneration from Deloitte. Deloitte was
– determining arrangements in relation to termination of employment              appointed by the Committee in May 2019, following a comprehensive
  of the Executive Directors and other designated senior executives;             tendering process with several consulting firms. Deloitte is a founding
– making recommendations to the Board concerning the introduction of             member of the Remuneration Consultants Group and adheres to its code
  any new share incentive plans which require approval by shareholders;          in relation to executive remuneration consulting. The Committee requests
– ensuring that remuneration outcomes are appropriate in the context             Deloitte to attend meetings periodically during the year and is satisfied
  of underlying business performance, that remuneration practices                that the advice it has received has been objective and independent.
  are implemented in accordance with the approved remuneration
  policy, and that remuneration does not raise environmental, social             Deloitte provides unrelated services to the company in the areas
  and governance issues by inadvertently motivating irresponsible                of immigration services and management consultancy. During the
  behaviour; and                                                                 year, Deloitte supported the Committee in providing: remuneration
– reviewing workforce pay and related policies and the alignment of              benchmarking survey data to support the salary review for the Executive
  incentives with culture.                                                       Committee, advice on the design of long-term incentives and the level
                                                                                 of stretch in the long-term incentive targets and periodic updates on the
Full terms of reference for the Committee are available at and on request        TSR of Diageo and its peer companies for outstanding performance cycles.
from the Company Secretary.                                                      The fees paid to Deloitte in relation to advice provided to the Committee
                                                                                 were £249,355 and were determined on a time and expenses basis.
The Committee has considered the remuneration policy and practices
in the context of the principles of the Corporate Governance Code,               Clifford Chance provided advice on the operation of share plans during
as follows:                                                                      the year. Fees paid in relation to this advice, again on a time and expenses
                                                                                 basis, were £176,789.
Clarity – the Committee engages regularly with executives, shareholders
and their representative bodies in order to explain the approach to              The Committee is satisfied that the Deloitte and Clifford Chance
executive pay;                                                                   engagement partners and teams that provide remuneration advice to
                                                                                 the Committee do not have connections with Diageo that may impair
Simplicity – the purpose, structure and strategic alignment of each              their independence. The Committee reviewed the potential for conflicts
element of pay has been clearly laid out in the remuneration policy;             of interest and judged that there were appropriate safeguards against
                                                                                 such conflicts.


Statement of voting
The following table summarises the details of votes cast in respect of the resolutions on the Directors’ remuneration policy and the annual report on
remuneration at the 2020 AGM.
                                                                                                           For         Against   Total votes cast   Abstentions
Directors’ remuneration policy                                   Total number of votes          1,644,443,671    121,538,951 1,765,982,622          3,321,427
                                                                 Percentage of votes cast             93.12%          6.88%          100%                 n/a
Annual report on remuneration                                    Total number of votes          1,715,489,143     51,495,925 1,766,985,068          2,229,889
                                                                 Percentage of votes cast             97.09%          2.91%          100%                 n/a


The Committee was pleased with the level of support shown for the remuneration policy and implementation report and appreciated the active
participation of shareholders and their representative advisory bodies in consulting on executive remuneration matters.



                                                                                                                      Diageo Annual Report 2021           109
Directors’ remuneration report continued



Remuneration Committee governance
Approach to stakeholder engagement
The Committee has taken into account stakeholder views through                           Allocation of time
                                                                                         This graph reflects the allocated        Incentives design and
consultation with shareholders and institutional advisors throughout the                                                          target-setting
year, as well as through global workforce engagement sessions led by the                 time for key agenda items at
                                                                                         Remuneration Committee                   Assessment of performance
Chairman, focus group sessions with other Non-Executive Directors and
                                                                                         meetings throughout F21.                 outcomes
feedback from management and the wider workforce through employee
engagement and ‘pulse’ surveys. A broad group of Diageo’s top 20                                                                  Shareholder consultation &
shareholders and key proxy advisors were engaged. An overall review of
                                                                                                         5%                       feedback
                                                                                                     %
                                                                                                   10                             Individual remuneration
wider workforce remuneration and policies is tabled as a discrete agenda
item at the Committee’s October meeting and relevant aspects of wider                       10%                       40%
                                                                                                                                  decisions
workforce remuneration are referenced in other agenda items during                                                                External environment and
the year. This ensures that shareholder views and interests as well as the                                                        all-employee remuneration
all-employee reward context at Diageo are appropriately considered                                                                Directors' remuneration
                                                                                            15 %
when making executive remuneration decisions.                                                                                     policy & report
                                                                                                         20 %
    Further details on pages 94-96



                               Link to Diageo
                               remuneration
Key decision                     principles          Link to corporate governance principles              Stakeholder engagement

Manage the annual                                    The Committee considered the views of key            The proposal was shared with a group of key
incentive plan target-                               shareholders and investor bodies (clarity).          shareholders, UK institutional bodies and US proxy
setting process in two                               This decision enabled the Remuneration               agencies in May 2020 and the response was broadly
half-year periods, to                                Committee to ensure relevant and robust              supportive. A similar change in approach to target-
reflect the significant                              incentive targets were set, aligned with             setting was made for employees below the Executive
levels of uncertainty                                shareholder interests (risk and proportionality).    Committee: annual incentive plan targets were set on
facing the business                                                                                       a quarterly basis, in line with the financial planning
across multiple markets                                                                                   cycle, with payments subject to a holistic year-end
                                                                                                          assessment process.

ESG targets for                                      The Committee engaged shareholders on                In light of the significant impact of the pandemic on
performance shares                                   proposed ESG measures and targets ahead              the business planning cycle and the company’s ability
granted under                                        of publication (clarity). The purpose and            to forecast long-term performance, the Committee
the Diageo Long Term                                 strategic alignment of measures and targets          had delayed target-setting for 2020 long-term incentive
Incentive Plan (DLTIP)                               have been clearly laid out on page 120 of            targets for a period of six months. Shareholders were
in September 2020                                    this report (simplicity). The ESG targets            engaged about the proposed ESG targets ahead of
                                                     ensure focus on some of Diageo’s key                 publication in February 2021, in line with the company’s
                                                     non-financial objectives, our ‘Society 2030:         intention to consult with shareholders on 2020 targets as
                                                     Spirit of Progress’ ambition, with Diageo’s          signposted in the 2020 annual report. As part of this, the
                                                     focus on inclusion and sustainability in             timeline for publishing financial targets was confirmed to
                                                     the future interest of shareholders (risk and        shareholders. Through workforce engagement sessions
                                                     alignment with culture). Payout opportunity          and surveys, employees have shared they are proud of
                                                     under the ESG measures is set out in page            Diageo’s focus on championing inclusion and diversity,
                                                     120 of this report (predictability).                 and wider societal impact.

Payout under                                         The company’s performance has resulted in            The Committee considers the experience of the wider
the annual incentive                                 strong returns to shareholders. By ensuring          workforce when making decisions on executive pay to
plan for the Executive                               that executives are recognised for strong            ensure there is clear alignment in principles and practice.
Committee for the year                               performance, the Remuneration Committee              The annual incentive payout for employees below the
ended 30 June 2021                                   is able to motivate and retain the very best         Executive Committee also reflects strong holistic
                                                     talent, which also creates shareholder               business performance.
                                                     value (risk).

Vesting of performance                               After considering carefully the company’s            Through conversations during the year, shareholders
shares and share                                     performance, the remuneration opportunity            acknowledged the significant impact of the pandemic
options granted in                                   in totality as well as that of the wider             on executive pay. The Committee reviewed the outlook
September 2018                                       workforce, the Committee decided that the            for unvested 2018 DLTIP awards in the broader context
in line with measured                                annual incentive payout would provide                of overall performance during the three-year vesting
achievements, with no                                appropriate recognition and reward of                period ending 30 June 2021 and considered, but
application of discretion                            performance and leadership (proportionality).        decided against, the application of upward discretion.


  Diageo’s remuneration                         Delivery of                    Creating sustainable,            Winning best                Consideration of
                                                business strategy              long-term performance            talent                      stakeholder interests
  principles




110     Diageo Annual Report 2021
Directors’ remuneration policy
This section of the report summarises the policy for the remuneration of the company’s Directors. The policy was approved by shareholders at the
AGM on 28 September 2020, in accordance with section 439A of the Companies Act 2006. The policy approved in September 2020 can be found
on the company’s website at www.diageo.com/en/investors/financial-results-and-presentations/directors-remuneration-report-2020/.



  Base salary
 Purpose and link to strategy
 Supports the attraction and retention of the best global talent with the capability to deliver Diageo’s strategy and performance goals.

 Operation
 – Normally reviewed annually or following a change in responsibilities with any increases usually taking effect from 1 October.
 – The Remuneration Committee considers the following parameters when reviewing base salary levels:
   – Pay increases for other employees across the group.




                                                                                                                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
   – Economic conditions and governance trends.
   – The individual’s performance, skills and responsibilities.
   – Base salaries (and total remuneration) at companies of similar size and international scope to Diageo, with roles typically benchmarked against
      the FTSE 30 excluding financial services companies, or against similar comparator groups in other locations dependent on the Executive
      Director’s home market.

 Opportunity
 Salary increases will be made in the context of the broader employee pay environment, and will normally be in line with those made to other
 employees in relevant markets in which Diageo operates, typically the United Kingdom and the United States, unless there is a change in role or
 responsibility or other exceptional circumstances.
  Benefits
 Purpose and link to strategy
 Provides market-competitive and cost-effective benefits.

 Operation
 – The provision of benefits depends on the country of residence of the Executive Director and may include but is not limited to a company car or
   travel allowance, the provision of a contracted car service or equivalent, product allowance, life insurance, accidental death and disability insurance,
   medical cover, financial counselling and tax advice.
 – The Remuneration Committee has discretion to offer additional allowances, or benefits, to Executive Directors, if considered appropriate and
   reasonable. These may include relocation expenses, housing allowance and school fees where a Director is asked to relocate from his/her home
   location as part of their appointment.

 Opportunity
 – The benefits package is set at a level which the Remuneration Committee considers:
   – provides an appropriate level of benefits depending on the role and individual circumstances;
   – is appropriate in the context of the benefits offered to the wider workforce in the relevant market; and
   – is in line with comparable roles in companies of a similar size and complexity in the relevant market.
  Post-retirement provision
 Purpose and link to strategy
 Provides cost-effective, competitive post-retirement benefits.

 Operation
 – Provision of market-competitive pension arrangements or a cash alternative based on a percentage of base salary.

 Opportunity
 – The maximum company pension contribution under the 2020 remuneration policy is 14% of salary for any new Executive Director appointments.
 – Current legacy company contributions for Ivan Menezes and Kathryn Mikells in the year ended 30 June 2021 were each 20% of base salary.
   The company contribution for Ivan Menezes was reduced from 40% to 30% effective 1 July 2016, and from 30% to 20% effective 1 July 2019.
 – It is the company’s intention to reduce the pension contribution for Ivan Menezes to 14% of salary, in line with the maximum company
   contribution to new-hire employees in the United Kingdom, by 1 January 2023.
 – The new CFO, Lavanya Chandrashekar, who was appointed on 1 July 2021, receives a pension contribution of 14% of salary.




                                                                                                                       Diageo Annual Report 2021          111
Directors’ remuneration report continued




 Annual Incentive Plan (AIP)
 Purpose and link to strategy
 Incentivises year-on-year delivery of Diageo’s financial and strategic targets over the year. Provides focus on key financial metrics and the individual’s
 contribution to the company’s performance.

 Operation
 – Performance measures, weightings and targets are set by the                    – The Committee has discretion to adjust the level of payment if it is
   Remuneration Committee. Appropriately stretching targets are                     not deemed to reflect appropriately the individual’s contribution or
   set by reference to the operating plan and historical and projected              the overall business performance. Any discretionary adjustments will
   performance for the company and its peer group.                                  be detailed in the following year’s annual report on remuneration.
 – The level of award is determined with reference to Diageo’s overall            – The Committee has discretion to apply malus or clawback to bonus,
   financial and strategic performance and individual performance.                  i.e. the company may seek to recover bonus paid or deferral into
 – A minimum of one-third of the actual earned bonus payment will                   shares, in exceptional circumstances such as gross misconduct
   normally be deferred into shares under the Deferred Bonus Share                  or gross negligence during the performance period.
   Plan, to be held for a minimum period of three years, other than in            – Notional dividends accrue on deferred bonus share awards,
   exceptional circumstances. The remainder of the bonus payment                    delivered as shares or cash at the discretion of the Remuneration
   will be paid out in cash after the end of the financial year.                    Committee at the end of the vesting period.

 Opportunity
 – For threshold performance, up to 50% of salary may be earned, with up to 100% of salary earned for on-target performance and a maximum
   of 200% of salary payable for outstanding performance.

 Performance conditions
 Annual incentive plan awards are normally based 70%-100% on financial measures which may include, but are not limited to, measures of sales,
 profit and cash; and 0%-30% on broader objectives based on strategic goals and/or individual contribution.
 Diageo Long-Term Incentive Plan (DLTIP)
 Purpose and link to strategy
 Provides focus on delivering superior long-term returns to shareholders.

 Operation
 – An annual grant of performance shares and/or market-price share                – The Committee has discretion to reduce the number of shares
   options which vest subject to a performance test and continued                   which vest (subject to HMRC rules regarding approved share
   employment, normally over a period of three years.                               options), for example in the event of a material performance failure,
 – Measures and stretching targets are reviewed annually by the                     or a material restatement of the financial statements. There is an
   Remuneration Committee for each new award.                                       extensive malus clause for awards made from September 2014.
 – The Remuneration Committee has the authority to exercise                         The Committee has discretion to decide that:
   discretion to adjust the vesting outcome based on its assessment
   of underlying business performance over the performance period.                   – the number of shares subject to the award will be reduced;
   This may include the consideration of factors such as holistic                    – the award will lapse;
   performance relative to peers, stakeholder outcomes and                           – retention shares (i.e. vested shares subject to the additional
   significant investment projects, for example.                                       two-year retention period) will be forfeited;
 – Following vesting there is normally a further retention period                    – vesting of the award or the end of any retention period will
   of two years. Executive Directors are able to exercise an option                    be delayed (e.g. until an investigation is completed);
   or sell sufficient shares to cover any tax liability when an award                – additional conditions will be imposed on the vesting of the
   vests, provided they retain the net shares arising for the two-year                 award or the end of the retention period; and/or
   retention period.                                                                 – any award, bonus or other benefit which might have been
 – Notional dividends accrue on performance share awards to the                        granted or paid to the participant in any later year will be
   extent that the performance conditions have been met, delivered                     reduced or not awarded.
   as shares or cash at the discretion of the Remuneration Committee
   at the end of the vesting period.                                              – Malus and clawback provisions will apply up to delivery of shares
                                                                                    at the end of the retention period (as opposed to the vesting date).
                                                                                    The company also has the standard discretion to take account of
                                                                                    unforeseen events such as a variation to share capital.

 Opportunity
 – The maximum annual grants for the Chief Executive and Chief                    – Awards vest at 20% of maximum for threshold performance and
   Financial Officer are 500% and 480% of salary in performance share               100% of maximum if the performance conditions are met in full.
   equivalents respectively (where a market-price option is valued at               The vesting schedule related to the levels of performance between
   one-third of a performance share). Included within that maximum                  threshold and maximum, including whether or not this will include
   no more than 375% of salary will be awarded in face-value terms in               an interim stretch performance level, will be determined by the
   options to any Executive Director in any year.                                   Committee on an annual basis and disclosed in the relevant
                                                                                    remuneration report for that year. There is a ranking profile for the
                                                                                    vesting of the part of the award based on relative total shareholder
                                                                                    return, starting at 20% of maximum for achieving the threshold.



112    Diageo Annual Report 2021
Diageo Long-Term Incentive Plan (DLTIP) continued
Performance conditions
The vesting of awards is linked to a range of measures which may                – Measures that apply to performance shares and market-price
include, but are not limited to:                                                  options may differ, as is the case for current awards. Weightings of
                                                                                  these measures may also vary year on year.
– a growth measure (e.g. net sales growth, operating profit growth);            – The Remuneration Committee has discretion to amend the
– a measure of efficiency (e.g. operating margin, cumulative free                 performance conditions in exceptional circumstances if it considers
  cash flow, return on invested capital);                                         it appropriate to do so, e.g. in cases of accounting policy changes,
– a measure of Diageo’s performance in relation to its peers                      merger and acquisition activities or disposals. Any such amendments
  (e.g. relative total shareholder return); and                                   would be fully disclosed and explained in the following year’s annual
– a measure relating to ESG (environmental, social or                             report on remuneration.
  governance) priorities.




                                                                                                                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
All-employee share plans
Purpose and link to strategy                                                    Opportunity
– To encourage broader employee share ownership through locally                 – Limits for all-employee share plans are set by the tax authorities.
   approved plans.                                                                The company may choose to set its own lower limits.

Operation                                                                       Performance conditions
– The company operates tax-efficient all-employee share acquisition             – Under the UK Share Incentive Plan, the annual award of Freeshares
  plans in various jurisdictions.                                                  is based on Diageo plc financial measures which may include, but
– Executive Directors’ eligibility may depend on their country of                  are not limited to, measures of sales, profit and cash.
  residence, tax status and employment company.
Shareholding requirement
Purpose and link to strategy
– Ensures alignment between the interests of Executive Directors and shareholders.

Operation
– The minimum in-employment shareholding requirement is 500% of                 – In order to provide further long-term alignment with shareholders,
  base salary for the Chief Executive and 400% of base salary for any other       Executive Directors will normally be expected to maintain a holding
  Executive Directors.                                                            of shares in Diageo for a two-year period after leaving the company.
– Executive Directors are expected to build up their in-employment                Executive Directors will normally be required to continue to hold
  shareholding within five years of their appointment to the Board.               100% of the in-employment shareholding requirement (or, if lower,
– Executive Directors will be restricted from selling more than 50% of            their actual shareholding on cessation) for the first year after leaving
  shares which vest under the long-term incentive plan or deferred                the company, reducing to 50% for the second year after leaving
  bonus share plan (excluding the sale of shares to cover tax on                  the company.
  vesting and other exceptional circumstances to be specifically
  approved by the Chief Executive and/or Chairman), until the
  shareholding requirement is met.
Chairman of the Board and Non-Executive Directors
Purpose and link to strategy
– Supports the attraction, motivation and retention of world-class talent and reflects the value of the individual, their skills and experience,
   and performance.

Operation
– Fees for the Chairman and Non-Executive Directors are normally                – The Chairman and the Non-Executive Directors are eligible to
  reviewed every year.                                                            receive a product allowance or cash equivalent at the same level
– A proportion of the Chairman’s annual fee is used for the monthly               as the Executive Directors.
  purchase of Diageo ordinary shares, which have to be retained until           – All Non-Executive Directors have letters of appointment. A
  the Chairman retires from the company or ceases to be a Director.               summary of their terms and conditions of appointment is available
– Fees are reviewed in the light of market practice in the FTSE 30,               at www.diageo.com. The Chairman of the Board, Javier Ferrán, was
  excluding financial services companies, and anticipated workload,               re-appointed on 10 October 2019 for a three-year term, terminable
  tasks and potential liabilities.                                                on three months’ notice by either party or, if terminated by the
– The Chairman and Non-Executive Directors do not participate in                  company, by payment of three months’ fees in lieu of notice.
  any of the company’s incentive plans nor do they receive pension
  contributions or benefits. Their travel and accommodation expenses
  in connection with attendance at Board meetings (and any tax
  thereon) are paid by the company.

Opportunity
– Fees for Non-Executive Directors are within the limits set by the shareholders from time to time, with an aggregate limit of £1,750,000, excluding
  the Chairman’s fees.




                                                                                                                       Diageo Annual Report 2021             113
Directors’ remuneration report continued



Policy considerations
Performance measures                                                                                        The ‘Maximum plus share price growth’ scenario reflects fixed
Further details of the performance measures under the annual incentive                                      remuneration, plus full payout of annual and long-term incentives,
plan for the year ending 30 June 2022 as well as targets under the long-term                                including for the latter an assumed 50% share price appreciation over
incentive plan for awards made in September 2021, and how they are                                          the performance period.
aligned with company strategy and the creation of shareholder value,
are set out in the annual report on remuneration, on page 127. Annual                                       For long-term incentives, the awards are treated as though they were
incentive targets will be disclosed retrospectively in next year’s annual                                   granted all in performance shares.
report on remuneration.
                                                                                                            The amounts shown in sterling are converted using the cumulative
Performance targets are set to be stretching yet achievable, and take                                       weighted average exchange rate for the year ended 30 June 2021
into account the company’s strategic priorities and business environment.                                   of £1 = $1.35.
The Committee sets targets based on a range of reference points including
the corporate strategy and broker forecasts for both Diageo and its peers.                                  Approach to recruitment remuneration
                                                                                                            Diageo is a global organisation selling its products in more than
Projected total remuneration scenarios                                                                      180 countries around the world. The ability to recruit and retain the
The graphs below illustrate scenarios for the projected total remuneration                                  best talent from all over the world is critical to the future success of the
of Executive Directors at four different levels of performance: minimum,                                    business. People diversity in all its forms is a core element of Diageo’s
target, maximum, and maximum including assumed share price appreciation                                     global talent strategy and, managed effectively, is a key driver in
of 50% (in accordance with the Corporate Governance Code). The impact                                       delivering Diageo’s Performance Ambition.
of potential share price movements is excluded from the other three
scenarios. These charts reflect projected remuneration for the financial                                    The Remuneration Committee’s overarching principle for recruitment
year ending 30 June 2022.                                                                                   remuneration is to pay no more than is necessary to attract an Executive
                                                                                                            Director of the calibre required to shape and deliver Diageo’s business
Ivan Menezes                                                                                                strategy, recognising that Diageo competes for talent in a global
Minimum                    100%                                                                             marketplace. The Committee will seek to align any remuneration
                                                                                    Total $2,162 (£1,602)   package with Diageo’s remuneration policy as laid out above, but retains
Target                     39% 30% 31%                                                                      the discretion to offer a remuneration package which is necessary to meet
                                                                                    Total $5,585 (£4,137)
                                                                                                            the individual circumstances of the recruited Executive Director and to
Maximum                    15%            24%                        61%
                                                                                 Total $14,141 (£10,475)
                                                                                                            enable the hiring of an individual with the necessary skills and expertise.
Maximum plus 50%
                                                                                                            However, the maximum short and long-term incentive opportunity
                           12%            18%                                           70%
share price increase
                                                                                 Total $18,419 (£13,644)
                                                                                                            will follow the policy, although awards may be granted with different
$’000                  0                  5,000           10,000             15,000             20,000      performance measures and targets in the first year. On appointment of
                                                                                                            an external Executive Director, the Committee may decide to compensate
    Salary, benefits and pension                                                                            for variable remuneration elements the Director forfeits when leaving their
Lavanya Chandrashekar
    Annual incentive                                                                                        current employer. In doing so, the Committee will ensure that any such
Minimum            100%
    Long-term incentives                                                                                    compensation would have a fair value no higher than that of the awards
                                                                                     Total $1,177 (£872)
                                                                                                            forfeited, and would generally be determined on a comparable basis
Target                     39% 31% 30%
                                                                                    Total $3,088 (£2,287)
                                                                                                            taking into account factors including the form in which the awards were
Maximum
                                                                                                            granted, performance conditions attached, the probability of the awards
                           15%       25%                           60%
                                                                                    Total $7,807 (£5,783)   vesting (e.g. past, current and likely future performance) as well as the
Maximum plus 50%           12%       19%                                         69%
                                                                                                            vesting schedules. Depending on individual circumstances at the time,
share price increase
                                                                                  Total $10,147 (£7,516)    the Committee has the discretion to determine the type of award
$’000                  0          2,000           4,000   6,000      8,000        10,000       12,000       (i.e. cash, shares or options, holding period and whether or not
                                                                                                            performance conditions would apply).
     Salary, benefits and pension
     Annual incentive                                                                                       Any such award would be fully disclosed and explained in the following
     Long-term incentives                                                                                   year’s annual report on remuneration. When exercising its discretion
                                                                                                            in establishing the reward package for a new Executive Director, the
                                                                                                            Committee will carefully consider the balance between the need
Basis of calculation and assumptions:                                                                       to secure an individual in the best interests of the company against
The ‘Minimum’ scenario shows fixed remuneration only, i.e. base salary for                                  the concerns of investors about the quantum of remuneration and,
the year ending 30 June 2022, total value of contractually agreed benefits                                  if considered appropriate at the time, will consult with the company’s
for 2022, and the pension benefits to be accrued over the year ending                                       biggest shareholders. The Remuneration Committee will provide
30 June 2022. These are the only elements of the Executive Directors’                                       timely disclosure of the reward package of any new Executive Director.
remuneration packages that are not subject to performance conditions.

The ‘Target’ scenario shows fixed remuneration as above, plus a target
payout of 50% of the maximum annual bonus and threshold performance
vesting for long-term incentive awards at 20% of the maximum award.

The ‘Maximum’ scenario reflects fixed remuneration, plus full payout of
annual and long-term incentives.




114        Diageo Annual Report 2021
Service contracts and policy on payment for loss of office (including takeover provisions)
Executive Directors have rolling service contracts, details of which are set out below. These are available for inspection at the company’s registered office.

Executive Director             Date of service contract

Ivan Menezes                   7 May 2013

Kathryn Mikells                1 October 2015

Lavanya Chandrashekar          1 July 2021

Notice period                  The contracts provide for a period of six months’ notice by the Executive Director or 12 months’ notice by the company,
                               the same as would apply for any newly-appointed Executive Director. A payment may be made in lieu of notice equivalent
                               to 12 months’ base salary and the cost to the company of providing contractual benefits (including pension contributions
                               but excluding incentive plans). The service contracts also provide for the payment of outstanding pay and bonus, if an




                                                                                                                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                               Executive Directors leaves following a takeover, or other change of control of Diageo plc.

                               If, on the termination date, the Executive Director has exceeded his/her accrued holiday entitlement, the value of such
                               excess may be deducted by the company from any sums due to him/her, except to the extent that such deduction
                               would subject the Executive Director to additional tax under section 409A of the Code (in the case of Ivan Menezes). If the
                               Executive Director on the termination date has accrued but untaken holiday entitlement, the company will, at its discretion,
                               either require the Executive Director to take such unused holiday during any notice period or make a payment to him/her
                               in lieu of it, provided always that if the employment is terminated for cause then the Executive Director will not be entitled
                               to any such payment.

Mitigation                     The Remuneration Committee may exercise its discretion to require a proportion of the termination payment to be paid
                               in instalments and, upon the Executive Director commencing new employment, to be subject to mitigation except where
                               termination is within 12 months of a takeover, or within such 12 months the Executive Director leaves due to a material
                               diminution in status.

Annual Incentive Plan          Where the Executive Director leaves for reasons including retirement, death in service, disability, ill-health, injury,
(AIP)                          redundancy, transfer out of the group and other circumstances at the Remuneration Committee’s discretion during the
                               financial year, the Executive Director is usually entitled to an incentive payment pro-rated for the period of service during
                               the performance period, which is typically payable at the usual payment date. Where the Executive Director leaves for any
                               other reason, no payment or bonus deferral will be made. The amount is subject to performance conditions being met and
                               is at the discretion of the Committee. The Committee has discretion to determine an earlier payment date, for example on
                               death in service. The bonus may, if the Committee decides, be paid wholly in cash.

2020 Deferred                  Where the Executive Director leaves for any reason other than dismissal, they are entitled to retain any deferred bonus
 Bonus Share Plan              shares, which will vest on departure, subject to any holding requirements under the post-employment shareholding policy.
(DBSP)                         It is not considered necessary for the bonus deferral to continue to apply after leaving, since the bonus is already earned
                               based on performance, and there is a post-employment shareholding requirement that ensures the Executive Director
                               continues to be invested in the company’s longer-term interests. On a takeover or other corporate event, awards vest in full.

Diageo 2014 Long-Term          Where the Executive Director leaves for reasons including retirement, death in service, disability, ill-health, injury,
Incentive Plan                 redundancy, transfer out of the group and other circumstances at the Remuneration Committee’s discretion during the
(DLTIP)                        financial year, awards vest on the original vesting date unless the Remuneration Committee decides otherwise (for example
                               in the case of death in service). When an Executive Director leaves for any other reason, all unvested awards generally lapse
                               immediately. The retention period for vested awards continues for all leavers other than in cases of disability, ill health or
                               death in service, unless the Remuneration Committee decides otherwise.

                               The proportion of the award released depends on the extent to which the performance condition is met. The number of
                               shares is reduced on a pro-rata basis reflecting the length of time the Executive Director was employed by the company
                               during the performance period, unless the Committee decides otherwise (for example in the case of death in service).

                               On a takeover or other corporate event, awards vest subject to the extent to which the performance conditions are met
                               and, unless the Committee decides otherwise, the awards are time pro-rated. Otherwise the Committee, in agreement
                               with the new company, may decide that awards should be swapped for awards over shares in the new company; where
                               awards are granted in the form of options, then on vesting they are generally exercisable for 12 months (or six months for
                               approved options).

Repatriation/other             In cases where an Executive Director was recruited from outside the United Kingdom and has been relocated to the
                               United Kingdom as part of their appointment, the company will pay reasonable repatriation costs for leavers at the
                               Committee’s discretion. The company may also pay for reasonable costs in relation to the termination, for example tax,
                               legal and outplacement support, where appropriate.




                                                                                                                         Diageo Annual Report 2021          115
Directors’ remuneration report continued




Non-Executive Directors’ unexpired terms of appointment                          Each year the Remuneration Committee is briefed on the structure
All Non-Executive Directors are on three-year terms which are expected to        and quantum of the all-employee remuneration framework as well as
be extended up to a total of nine years. The date of initial appointment to      throughout the year being informed about the context, challenges and
the Board and the point at which the current letter of appointment expires       opportunities relating to the remuneration of the wider workforce across
for Non-Executive Directors are shown in the table below.                        the world to enable the Committee to consider the broader employee
                                                                                 context when making executive remuneration decisions.
                           Date of
Non-Executive              appointment             Current letter of             In 2021, the Remuneration Committee has considered:
Directors                  to the Board            appointment expires
                                                                                 – the impact of the pandemic on business performance and
Javier Ferrán              22 July 2016            AGM 2022                        reward outcomes;
Susan Kilsby               4 April 2018            AGM 2021                      – the continued focus on appropriate and competitive pay
                                                                                   positioning around the world, with an emphasis on key markets
Melissa Bethell            30 June 2020            AGM 2023                        such as the US and China;
                                                                                 – ongoing commitment to inclusion and diversity; and
Valérie Chapoulaud-        1 January 2021          AGM 2024                      – review of global benefits, with a consistent core benefit offering
Floquet                                                                            implemented across the world.
Sir John Manzoni           1 October 2020          AGM 2023
                                                                                 The Committee also considers the annual salary increase budgets for
Lady Mendelsohn            1 September 2014        AGM 2023                      employees in key markets as well as pay for the global senior
                                                                                 management population.
Alan Stewart               1 September 2014        AGM 2023
                                                                                 Shareholder engagement
Ireena Vittal              2 October 2020          AGM 2023                      The Committee greatly values the continued dialogue with Diageo’s
                                                                                 shareholders and regularly engages with shareholders and representative
Payments under previous policies                                                 bodies to take their views into account when setting and implementing
The Committee reserves the right to make any remuneration payments               the company’s remuneration policies.
and payments for loss of office, notwithstanding that they are not in line
with the policy set out above, where the terms of the payment were               This year, the company has engaged extensively with shareholders and
agreed (i) under a previous policy, in which case the provision of that          their proxy advisors on the impact of the pandemic on the vesting outcome
policy shall continue to apply until such payments have been made;               for outstanding long-term incentives, the introduction of the ESG measure
(ii) before the policy or the relevant legislation came into effect; or          under the long-term incentive plan and the setting of stretching and
(iii) at a time when the relevant individual was not a Director of the           measurable targets under the annual and long-term incentive plans.
company and, in the opinion of the Committee, the payment was not                More detail on engagement with shareholders in 2021 can be found
in consideration for the individual becoming a Director of the company.          in the Remuneration Committee governance section on page 110.

Remuneration for the wider workforce                                             Workforce engagement
The structure of the reward package for the wider employee population is         Diageo runs annual employee engagement surveys, as well as more
based on the principle that it should be sufficient to attract and retain the    recently regular ‘pulse’ surveys on the company’s handling of the impact
best talent and be competitive within our broader industry, remunerating         of the pandemic on the workforce, which give employees the opportunity
employees for their contribution linked to our holistic performance.             to give feedback and express their views on a variety of topics including
It is driven by local market practice as well as level of seniority and          their own remuneration, working environment and workforce policies and
accountability, reflecting the global nature of Diageo’s business.               practices. Any comments relating to Executive Directors’ remuneration are
                                                                                 fed back to the Remuneration Committee.
There is clear alignment in the pay structures for executives and the
wider workforce, in the way that remuneration principles are followed            The Chairman was appointed to lead workforce engagement on behalf
as well as the mechanics of the salary review process and incentive plan         of the Board on 1 July 2019 and throughout the year has met with a
design, which are broadly consistent throughout the organisation. The            range of employees across all levels and regions to hear their views on the
performance measures under the annual incentive plan and long-term               company, culture and working environment. A number of Non-Executive
incentive plan are the same for executives and other eligible employees.         Directors also met with employees around the world to broaden the
There is a strong focus on performance-related pay, with appropriate             reach of workforce engagement activities. As part of this engagement,
levels of differentiation to ensure that reward is invested in the talent that   the Chairman has taken the opportunity to explain to employees the
will make the biggest contribution to the execution of Diageo’s strategy.        role of the Board and its delegated Committees, including the role of the
Where possible, the company also encourages employee share ownership             Remuneration Committee in setting executive pay. In the year ending
through a number of share plans that allow employees to benefit from the         30 June 2022, it is intended that workforce engagement sessions will include
company’s success.                                                               a more detailed explanation of the executive remuneration framework.

The remuneration approach for Executive Directors is consistent with the         A workforce engagement statement has been shared with employees
reward package for members of the Executive Committee and the senior             to feed back the key insights and outcomes from all of the engagement
management population. Generally speaking, a much higher proportion              activities during 2021, and this included information on the way in which
of total remuneration for the Executive Directors is linked to business          workforce engagement discussions on the management of employee
performance, compared to the rest of the employee population, so that            health, safety and wellbeing during the pandemic provided valuable
remuneration will increase or decrease in line with business performance         insights and context for the Remuneration Committee’s decision making
and to align the interests of Executive Directors and shareholders.              on the incentive plan outcomes for the year ended 30 June 2021 for
                                                                                 executives and the wider workforce. More detail on the approach and
                                                                                 impact of workforce engagement in the year ended 30 June 2021 is
                                                                                 outlined in the governance report on page 96.

116      Diageo Annual Report 2021
Annual report on remuneration
The following section provides details of how the company’s 2020 remuneration policy was implemented during the year ended 30 June 2021, and how
the Remuneration Committee intends to implement the proposed remuneration policy in the year ending 30 June 2022.

Single total figure of remuneration for Executive Directors (audited)
The table below details the Executive Directors’ remuneration for the year ended 30 June 2021.
                                                                               Ivan Menezes1                                                                  Kathryn Mikells1
                                                            2021                2021                2020                2020               2021                2021                2020                 2020
Fixed pay                                                    ‘000                ‘000                ‘000                ‘000               ‘000                ‘000                ‘000                 ‘000
    Salary                                              £1,231             $1,661               £1,309              $1,649              £810               $1,093                 £861                $1,085
    Benefits2                                              £82              $111                   £99               $124                 £47                 $63                   £42                  $53
    Pension3                                             £306               $413                 £281                $354               £172                $232                  £176                 $221
Total fixed pay                                         £1,619             $2,185               £1,689              $2,127             £1,029              $1,388                £1,079               $1,359




                                                                                                                                                                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Performance related pay
    Annual incentive4                                   £2,308             $3,115                   £0                  $0             £1,478              $1,995                   £0                   $0
    Long-term incentives5                               £1,975             $2,666                 £584                $736             £1,247              $1,684                 £369                 $465
    Other incentives6                                       £0                 $0                   £0                  $0                 £1                  $1                   £4                   $5
    Total variable pay                                  £4,283             $5,781                 £584                $736             £2,726              $3,680                 £373                 $470

     Total single figure
     of remuneration                                    £5,902             $7,966               £2,273              $2,863             £3,755              $5,068                £1,452               $1,829
Notes

1.   Exchange     The amounts shown in sterling are converted using the cumulative weighted average exchange rate for the respective financial year. For the year ended 30 June 2021
     rate         the exchange rate was £1 = $1.35 and for the year ended 30 June 2020 the exchange rate was £1 = $1.26. Ivan Menezes and Kathryn Mikells are both paid in US dollars.
2.   Benefits     Benefits is the gross value of all taxable benefits. For Ivan Menezes, these include medical insurance (£15k), company car allowance (£15k), contracted car service (£11k),
                  financial counselling (£38k), product allowance, life and long-term disability cover. Kathryn Mikells’ benefits include flexible benefits allowance (£18k), financial counselling
                  (£19k), contracted car service (£3k), life cover (£6k) and product allowance.
3.   Pension      Pension benefits earned during the year represent the increase in the pension fund balances over the year in the Diageo North America Inc. pension plans over and                    Page
                  above the increase due to inflation. As Ivan Menezes has been a deferred member of the Diageo Pension Scheme (DPS) in the United Kingdom since 31 January 2012,                      120
                  and receives standard statutory increases in deferment the United Kingdom pension amount that accrued over the two years in excess of inflation is nil. Kathryn Mikells
                  became a Director and started accruing benefits in the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP) with effect from 9 November 2015.
4.   Annual       The maximum performance level for each financial measure was exceeded for the year ended 30 June 2021, resulting in an annual incentive outcome of 100% of                           Page
     incentive    maximum for the financial element of the plan, which represented 80% of the maximum incentive opportunity. Taking account of performance against individual                          118
                  objectives, the annual incentive payout is 93.8% of maximum for Ivan Menezes and 91.3% of maximum for Kathryn Mikells.
5.   Long-term    Long-term incentives represent the estimated gain delivered through share options and performance shares where performance conditions have been met in the                           Page
     incentives   respective financial year. It also includes the value of additional shares granted in lieu of dividends on these vested performance shares.                                          119
                  For 2021, long-term incentives comprise performance shares and share options awarded in 2018 and due to vest in September 2021 at 29.3% and 10% of maximum
                  respectively. £576k of the value reported above for Ivan Menezes and £364k for Kathryn Mikells related to share price appreciation over the performance period.
                  For 2020, long-term incentives comprise performance shares and share options awarded in 2017 that vested in September 2020 at 10% and 27.5% of maximum respectively,
                  and dividend shares arising on performance shares that vested in September 2020. Long-term incentives have been re-stated to reflect the share price on the vesting date
                  ($133.25 compared to the average three-month share price used in last year’s report of $137.21). The 2017 performance share award vested in September 2020 at 6.9% of
                  maximum, as disclosed in the 2020 remuneration report, and a further 3.1% of the award vested in February 2021 following the resolution of the arbitration proceedings
                  with Moët Hennessy SAS and Moët Hennessy International SAS in relation to the non-payment of a dividend payment for the year ended 31 December 2019.
6.   Other        Other incentives include the face value of awards made under the all-employee share plans (number of shares multiplied by the share price on the date of grant).
     incentives   Awards do not have performance conditions attached.


Payments to former Directors (audited)                                                                      Kathryn remains eligible for an annual incentive payment for the year ended
There were no payments to former Directors in the year ended                                                30 June 2021, subject to the performance conditions in the usual way (see
30 June 2021.                                                                                               page 118 for more details). The Committee also exercised its discretion, in
                                                                                                            accordance with the plan rules and the remuneration policy, to prorate
Payments for loss of office (audited)                                                                       to the leaving date all unvested long-term incentive awards. These awards
There were no payments for loss of office to Executive Directors in the year                                remain subject to performance conditions to be assessed at the end of the
ended 30 June 2021.                                                                                         original performance periods in 2021, 2022 and 2023 with a subsequent
                                                                                                            two-year holding period. The post-employment shareholding requirement
Kathryn Mikells left the company on 30 June 2021 as part of an orderly                                      policy will be applied for a period of two years post-exit, requiring Kathryn
succession plan, with notice beginning on 13 January 2021 upon the                                          to hold Diageo shares equal to 400% of salary until 30 June 2022 and 200%
announcement of her intended departure. In accordance with the                                              of salary until 30 June 2023. Kathryn is also entitled to receive pension
approved 2020 remuneration policy and her service contract which                                            payments under the SERP in line with the disclosure on page 120.
provided for a 12-month notice period, Kathryn received half of the
payment in lieu of the remainder of her notice period (six months and 12                                    In line with internal policies and the remuneration policy, the company
days) in July 2021 in respect of salary, benefits and pension ($362,174). In                                supported Kathryn with the cost of her repatriation back to the United
accordance with her service contract, Kathryn was entitled to the                                           States. This support amounted to £106,000 in addition to shipping
remaining half of the payment in lieu of notice in monthly instalments                                      costs of £23,507 and £7,640 in flights (amounts paid net of tax, with the
over a six-month period between January and June 2022, but these                                            company covering the cost of tax on top). The company has also paid
payments will no longer become payable as a result of Kathryn taking up                                     £12,000 of legal support for Kathryn and will be providing tax return
alternative employment (announced on 19 July 2021).                                                         preparation support for a period of up to three years following her
                                                                                                            departure (up to a maximum cost of £15,000 per annum).


                                                                                                                                                          Diageo Annual Report 2021                      117
Directors’ remuneration report continued



Looking back on 2021

 Annual incentive plan (AIP) (audited)
AIP payout for the year ended 30 June 2021
AIP payouts for the Executive Directors are based 80% on performance against the group financial measures and 20% on performance against Individual
Business Objectives (IBOs), as assessed by the Remuneration Committee and summarised in the table below.

Group financial measures1
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Payout
                                                                                                                                                                                          (% of total AIP
Measure                                                                                       Weighting           Threshold                Target
                                                                                                                                                6
                                                                                                                                                        Maximum               Actual       opportunity)
Payout opportunity (% maximum)                                                                                         25%                   50%             100%
Net sales (% growth)2                                                                            13.3%             (27.4%)               (22.9%)          (18.4%)            1.0%               13.3%
Operating profit (% growth)2                                                                     13.3%             (55.3%)               (46.3%)          (37.3%)           (3.4%)              13.3%
Operating cash conversion3                                                                       13.3%              45.0%                 55.0%            65.0%           100.8%               13.3%
Half-year performance for 1 July 2020 - 31 December 2020                                         40.0%                                                                                          40.0%

Net sales (% growth)2                                                                            13.3%              25.5%                31.3%            37.1%             39.3%               13.3%
Operating profit (% growth)2                                                                     13.3%              38.1%                53.1%            68.0%             69.7%               13.3%
Operating cash conversion3                                                                       13.3%              90.0%               100.0%           110.0%            110.5%               13.3%
Half-year performance for 1 January 2021 - 30 June 2021                                          40.0%                                                                                          40.0%

                                                          Actual                                                               Actual                                                             Actual
Full-year net sales (% growth)2                         16.0%      Full-year operating profit (% growth)2                     17.7%       Full-year operating cash conversion3                110.5%

Individual business objectives
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Payout
                                                                                                                                                                                          (% of total AIP
Measure (IBOs equally weighted) and target             Weighting    Result                                                                                                                 opportunity)
Ivan Menezes Chief Executive                               20%                                                                                                                                13.75%
Global employee engagement                                          The Chief Executive’s strong leadership in galvanising the company through unprecedented                                    6.25%
Achieve consistent levels of employee                               challenges over the past year has deepened employees’ sense of purpose, community and
engagement compared to 2019 levels,                                 connection to Diageo, with the result that the overall employee engagement score at 81%
as measured by the Your Voice survey                                was 1% higher than 2019. A strong response to the pandemic included regular and effective
                                                                    employee communications, clear protocols on the return to office and trade as well as enhanced
                                                                    support to employees such as additional leave, flexible working practices and wellbeing
                                                                    resources. Employee engagement has been driven further through the focus on sustainability
                                                                    (‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ ambition) and inclusion & diversity (e.g. support for
                                                                    the Black Lives Matter movement and International Women’s Day), all of which have been
                                                                    championed extensively within the organisation.
Supporting communities and trade                                    Promotion of moderation and tackling harm in the home through DRINKiQ campaign, which                                        7.50%
Support the recovery and build resilience                           reached 1.4m people (vs target of 600k). Tackled hospitality unemployment through the delivery
from Covid-19 in communities and the                                of a business and hospitality skills training programme, which reached 8.6k people (vs target
hospitality industry                                                of 5.5k) across 21 markets and all 6 regions, despite Covid-19 restrictions. Delivered access to
                                                                    enhanced hygiene, sanitation and clean water through community WASH programme, which
                                                                    reached 54.7k people (vs target of 17.5k).
Kathryn Mikells Chief Financial Officer                    20%                                                                                                                                11.25%
Organisation effectiveness                                          Driven transformation within the technology and shared service functions, delivering                                        5.00%
Deliver effectiveness improvements in the                           operational efficiencies in areas such as the resolution of critical technology service incidents
technology and shared services functions                            and strategic project deliverables as well as shared services effectiveness.
Productivity                                                        Productivity benefits delivered in excess of target across supply, marketing, indirects and                                  6.25%
Deliver productivity benefits                                       organisation effectiveness.

Payout
                                                                                                  Group                 IBO                 Total            Total              Total               Total
                                                                                          (weighted 80%)     (weighted 20%)              (% max)         (% salary)            (’000)4             (’000)
Ivan Menezes5                                                                                    80.0%            13.75%                93.75%           187.5%             £2,308              $3,115
Kathryn Mikells                                                                                  80.0%            11.25%                91.25%           182.5%             £1,478              $1,995

1. Performance against the AIP measures is calculated using 2021 budgeted exchange rates in line with management reporting and excludes the impact of exchange and any exceptional items.
2. For AIP purposes, the net sales and operating profit measures are calculated after adjustments for acquisitions and disposals at budgeted foreign exchange rates.
3. For AIP purposes, operating cash conversion is calculated by dividing cash generated from operations excluding cash inflows/outflows in respect of exceptional items, dividends, maturing
   inventories and post-employment payments in excess of the amount charged to operating profit by operating profit before depreciation, amortisation, impairment and exceptional items.
   The ratio is stated at the budgeted exchange rate for the year.
4. AIP payments are calculated using base salary as at 30 June 2021, in line with the global policy that applies to other employees across the company.
5. In accordance with the 2020 remuneration policy, one-third of Ivan Menezes’ AIP payment after tax will be deferred into Diageo shares that will be held for a period of three years in a nominee
   account managed by the company’s trustees. These shares will be acquired in September 2021. The number of shares will be disclosed in the 2022 remuneration report.
6. The targets for financial measures for the first half of the year (1 July 2020 - 31 December 2020) were set before the results announcement for fiscal 2020, at a time when there was extensive trade
   shutdown across many parts of the world and an unprecedented level of uncertainty for the year ahead. The targets for the first half are growth rates compared to the first half baseline of the prior
   year (1 July 2019 - 31 December 2019), which was unaffected by the Covid-19 pandemic. The targets for the second half of the year are growth rates compared to 1 January 2020 - 30 June 2020.


118        Diageo Annual Report 2021
    Long-term incentive plans (LTIP) (audited)
As approved by shareholders at the AGM in September 2014, long-term incentive awards are made under the Diageo Long-Term Incentive Plan (DLTIP).
Awards are designed to incentivise Executive Directors and senior managers to deliver long-term sustainable performance and are subject to performance
conditions normally measured over a three-year period. Awards are delivered on an annual basis in both performance shares and share options. With the
exception of the TSR measure, awards vest at 20% of maximum for threshold performance, and 100% of the award will vest if the performance conditions
are met in full, with a straight-line payout between threshold and maximum.

Share options – granted in September 2018, vesting in September 2021 (audited)
On 3 September 2018, Ivan Menezes and Kathryn Mikells received share option awards under the DLTIP, with an exercise price of $140.89. The award was
subject to a performance condition assessed over a three-year period based on the achievement of the following equally weighted performance measures:

– Diageo’s three-year total shareholder return (TSR) ranked against the TSR of a peer group of international drinks and consumer goods companies;
– growth in compound annual adjusted profit before exceptional items and tax.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The vesting profile for relative TSR is shown below:
TSR ranking (out of 17)           Vesting (% max)   TSR ranking (out of 17)          Vesting (% max)            TSR peer group (16 companies)

1st, 2nd or 3rd                             100     7th                                         55              AB InBev                          Heineken                         Pernod Ricard
4th
                                              95    8   th
                                                                                                45              Brown-Forman                      Kimberly-Clark                   Procter & Gamble
5th                                           75    9th                                         20              Carlsberg                         Mondelēz International           Reckitt Benckiser
6th                                           65    10th or below                                 0             Coca-Cola                         Nestlé                           L’Oréal
                                                                                                                Colgate-Palmolive                 PepsiCo                          Unilever
                                                                                                                Groupe Danone

Performance shares – awarded in September 2018, vesting in September 2021 (audited)
On 3 September 2018, Ivan Menezes and Kathryn Mikells received performance share awards under the DLTIP. Awards vest after a three-year period subject
to the achievement of three equally weighted performance conditions, outlined below:

– growth in compound annual adjusted profit before exceptional items and tax;
– growth in organic net sales on a compound annual basis; and
– cumulative adjusted free cash flow.

Notional dividends accrue on awards and are paid out either in cash or shares in accordance with the vesting schedule.

Vesting outcome for 2018 performance share and share option awards in September 2021 (audited)
The 2018 performance share award vested at 29.3% and the 2018 share option award vested at 10% of the maximum, as detailed below:
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Vesting
Vesting of 2018 DLTIP                                                                              Weighting              Threshold             Midpoint          Maximum               Actual      (% maximum)5
Vesting if performance achieved (% maximum)                                                                                    20%                  60%               100%
Organic net sales (CAGR)1                                                                                 33%             3.75%              4.875%                   6.0%           4.125%              11.1%
Adjusted profit before exceptional items and tax (CAGR)2                                                  33%               4.5%                7.5%                10.5%               3.1%              0.0%
Cumulative free cash flow3                                                                                33%           £7,400m             £8,050m               £8,700m           £7,962m              18.2%
Vesting of performance shares (% maximum)                                                                                                                                                               29.3%
Adjusted profit before exceptional items and tax (CAGR)2                                                  50%                 4.5%                7.5%              10.5%               3.1%              0.0%
Relative total shareholder return4                                                                        50%                  9th                   –                3rd                9th             10.0%
Vesting of share options (% maximum)                                                                                                                                                                    10.0%

1. The compound annual growth rate (CAGR) for organic net sales is based on the application of annual organic net sales growth rates in each of the individual years ended June 2019, June 2020
   and June 2021 (using the year ended 30 June 2018 as a base)
2. The compound annual growth rate (CAGR) for profit before exceptional items and tax is based on the application of annual adjusted PBET growth rates in each of the individual years ended
   June 2019, June 2020 and June 2021 (using the year ended June 2018 as a base) excluding the impact of exchange, exceptional items, share buyback programmes and the post employment
   net income/charges included in other financial charges
3. Cumulative free cash flow is the aggregate of free cash flow for the three-year period excluding the impact of exchange, cash flows from exceptional items and the interest cost on share buyback programmes
4. Relative total shareholder return is measured as the percentage growth in Diageo’s ordinary share price (assuming all dividends and capital distributions are re-invested) compared to the
   total shareholder return of the peer group of 16 other international drinks and consumer goods companies, based on an average period of six months, and converted to a common currency
   (US dollars). 20% of the part of the award based on relative total shareholder return vests if the threshold is achieved at a ranking of 9th, with full vesting for a ranking of 1st, 2nd or 3rd. As outlined
   in the TSR table above, the vesting profile for this measure does not operate on a straight-line basis between threshold and maximum.
5. No discretion was exercised by the Remuneration Committee in determining the long-term incentive outcomes
6. The value shown in the single figure of remuneration on page 117, outlined in more detail in the table below, is based on an average ADR price for the last three months of the financial year

                                                                                                                                                                       Dividend
                                                                              Awarded           Vesting             Vesting                                           Equivalent           Value           Value
                          Award                              Award Date         (ADRs)         (% Max)               (ADRs)      Option Price        ADR price           Shares          ($’000)7        (£’000)7
Ivan Menezes              Performance shares        03/09/2018                42,848           29.3%               12,554                –                 $186              740        $2,473          £1,832
                          Share options             03/09/2018                42,848           10.0%                4,284          $140.89                 $186                –         $193            £143
Kathryn Mikells           Performance shares        03/09/2018                27,062           29.3%                7,929                –                 $186              467        $1,562          £1,157
                          Share options             03/09/2018                27,062           10.0%                2,706          $140.89                 $186                –         $122              £90


                                                                                                                                                                  Diageo Annual Report 2021                119
Directors’ remuneration report continued




 Pension and benefits in the year ended 30 June 2021
Benefits provisions for the Executive Directors are in accordance with the information set out in the Directors’ remuneration policy table.

Pension arrangements (audited)
Ivan Menezes and Kathryn Mikells are members of the Diageo North America Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP) with an accrual rate of
20% of base salary during the year ended 30 June 2021. The accrual rate for Ivan Menezes was reduced from 30% to 20% of salary with effect 1 July 2019
and, in accordance with the 2020 remuneration policy, it is the company’s intention to reduce the accrual rate further to 14% of salary by 1 January 2023.
The SERP is an unfunded, non-qualified supplemental retirement programme. Under the plan, accrued company contributions are subject to quarterly
interest credits. Under the rules of the SERP, employees can withdraw the balance of the plan six months after leaving service (in the case of Ivan Menezes)
or six months after leaving service or age 55, if later (in the case of Kathryn Mikells). The balance may be withdrawn in either a lump sum or five equal
annual instalments, depending on the size of the balance.

Ivan Menezes participated in the US Cash Balance Plan and the Benefit Supplemental Plan (BSP) until August 2012 and has accrued benefits under both
plans. The Cash Balance Plan is a qualified funded pension arrangement. Employer contributions are 10% of pay capped at the Internal Revenue Service
(IRS) limit. The BSP is a non-qualified unfunded arrangement; notional employer contributions are 10% of pay above the IRS limit. Interest (notional for the
BSP) is credited quarterly on both plans.

Ivan Menezes was also a member of the Diageo Pension Scheme (DPS) in the United Kingdom between 1 February 1997 and 30 November 1999. The
accrual of pensionable service ceased in 1999 but the linkage to salary remained until January 2012. Under the Rules of the Scheme, this benefit is payable
unreduced from age 60. Ivan Menezes is able to take his UK pension benefits from age 58 without consent, and his benefit would not be subject to any
actuarial reduction in respect of early payment. This is a discretionary policy Diageo offers that is not set out in the DPS Scheme Rules.

Upon death in service, a life insurance benefit of $3 million is payable for Ivan Menezes and a lump sum of four times base salary is payable for Kathryn Mikells.

The table below shows the pension benefits accrued by each Director to date. The accrued UK benefits for Ivan Menezes are annual pension amounts,
whereas the accrued US benefits for Ivan Menezes and Kathryn Mikells are one-off cash balance amounts.
                                                                                                                                                30 June 2021                                  30 June 2020
                                                                                                                                          UK pension             US benefit             UK pension            US benefit
Executive Director                                                                                                                         £’000 p.a.                £’000               £’000 p.a.               £’000

Ivan Menezes1                                                                                                                                        75             7,645                      74                8,225
Kathryn Mikells2                                                                                                                                     Nil              876                      Nil                 797

1. Ivan Menezes’ US benefits are lower at 30 June 2021 than at 30 June 2020 by £580k:
   – £333k of which is due to pension benefits earned over the year (£306k of which is over and above the increase due to inflation – as reported in the single figure of remuneration, see page 117);
   – £45k of which is due to interest earned on his deferred US benefits over the year; and
   – (£958k) of which is due to exchange rate movements over the year.
2. Kathryn Mikells’ US benefits are higher at 30 June 2021 than at 30 June 2020 by £79k:
   – £176k of which is due to pension benefits earned over the year (£172k of which is over and above the increase due to inflation – as reported in the single figure of remuneration, see page 117); and
   – (£97k) of which is due to exchange rate movements over the year.

The normal retirement age applicable to each Director’s benefits depends on the pension scheme, as outlined below.
                                                                 UK benefits                     US benefits                           US benefits                                                           US benefits
Executive Director                                                    (DPS)              (Cash Balance Plan)                                (BSP)                                                                (SERP)
Ivan Menezes                                                               60                           65     6 months after leaving service                               6 months after leaving service
Kathryn Mikells                                                           n/a                          n/a                                n/a              6 months after leaving service, or age 55 if later


 Long-term incentive awards made during the year ended 30 June 2021 (audited)
On 3 September 2020, Ivan Menezes and Kathryn Mikells received awards of performance shares and market-price share options under the DLTIP as
outlined below. The three-year period over which performance will be measured is 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2023. The targets were not set at the time of
the 2020 remuneration report due to the impact of the pandemic and were instead disclosed in full in an RNS announcement on 10 February 2021.

The performance measures and targets for awards made in September 2020 are outlined below. Net sales and profit before exceptional items and
tax are key levers for driving top and bottom line growth. The free cash flow measure was selected because it represents a robust measure of cash
performance consistent with typical external practice and is a key strategic priority. Total shareholder return is the only relative performance measure
under the plan, provides good alignment with shareholder interests and increases the leverage based on share price growth. Finally, the environmental,
social and governance (ESG) measure (20% of total performance share award), which was introduced for the first time for this award in 2020, reinforces the
stretching and strategically important goals under the ‘Society 2030: Spirit of Progress’ ambition, Diageo’s 10-year action plan to help create an inclusive
and sustainable world. The definition of the ESG measures are the same as the 2021 award, outlined in more detail on page 127.
                                                                                Performance shares                                                                                Share options
                       Organic
                      net sales Organic profit before      Reduction in                         Changed attitudes
                         value     exceptional items    greenhouse gas      Improvement in          on dangers of                          % Ethnically                   Cumulative
2020 DLTIP             growth        and tax growth          emissions       water efficiency   underage drinking   % Female leaders    diverse leaders                free cash flow                        Relative TSR
Weighting               40%                  40%                  5%                  5%            5%                      2.5%              2.5%                          50%                   50%
Target range         4% - 8%          4.5% - 12%        6.3% - 14.3%        5.8% - 11.2% 0.75m - 1.25m                 41% - 43%         38% - 40%            £6,200m - £8,200m Median - upper quintile



120          Diageo Annual Report 2021
20% of DLTIP awards will vest at threshold, with vesting up to 100% if the maximum level of performance is achieved. As explained in the remuneration
policy table, one performance share is deemed equal in value at grant to three share options.
                                                                                                                                  Awards made                                                      Face value
Executive Director          Date of grant      Plan                                                             Share type       during the year       Exercise price      Face value ‘000        (% of salary)

Ivan Menezes                03/09/2020         DLTIP – share options                                                ADR                   43,377          $133.88                   $6,230            375%
Ivan Menezes                03/09/2020         DLTIP – performance shares                                           ADR                   43,377                –                   $6,230            375%
Kathryn Mikells             03/09/2020         DLTIP – share options                                                ADR                   27,396          $133.88                   $3,935            360%
Kathryn Mikells             03/09/2020         DLTIP – performance shares                                           ADR                   27,396                –                   $3,935            360%


The proportion of the awards outlined above that will vest is dependent upon the achievement of performance conditions and continued employment,
and the actual value may be nil. The vesting outcomes will be disclosed in the 2023 Annual Report.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The face value of each award has been calculated using the award price. In accordance with the Plan Rules, the number of performance shares and share
options granted under the DLTIP was calculated by using the average closing ADR price for the last six months of the preceding financial year ($143.63).
In accordance with the plan rules, the exercise price was calculated using the average closing ADR price of the three days preceding the grant date
($133.88). The ADR price on the date of grant was $133.70.

 Outstanding share plan interests (audited)
                                                                                                                             Number of
                                                                                                                               shares/                                  Dividends                  Number of
                                                                                                 Share price                 options at                                  awarded               shares/options
                                            Date of      Performance      Date of                 on date of    Exercise       30 June                   Vested/              and                  at 30 June
Plan name                                    award             period     vesting   Share type        grant        price          20201      Granted    exercised        released       Lapsed           2021
Ivan Menezes
DLTIP – share options3         Sep 2015     2015-2018     2018                          ADR                    $104.93        29,895                                                                29,895
DLTIP – share options3         Sep 2016     2016-2019     2019                          ADR                    $113.66        39,734                                                                39,734
DLTIP – share options3         Sep 2017     2017-2020     2020                          ADR                    $134.06        51,268                                                   37,170       14,098
Total vested but unexercised share options in Ords2                                                                                                                                               334,908
DLTIP – share options4         Sep 2018     2018-2021     2021                          ADR                    $140.89        42,848                                                                42,848
DLTIP – share options5         Sep 2019     2019-2022     2022                          ADR                    $170.28        38,827                                                                38,827
DLTIP – share options          Sep 2020     2020-2023     2023                          ADR                    $133.88             0         43,377                                                 43,377
Total unvested share options subject to performance in Ords2                                                                                                                                      500,208
DLTIP – performance shares7    Sep 2017     2017-2020     2020                          ADR      $134.83                      51,268                       5,126            400        46,142            0
DLTIP – performance shares4    Sep 2018     2018-2021     2021                          ADR      $139.41                      42,848                                                                42,848
DLTIP – performance shares5    Sep 2019     2019-2022     2022                          ADR      $174.72                      38,827                                                                38,827
DLTIP – performance shares11   Sep 2020     2020-2023     2023                          ADR      $133.70                           0         43,377                                                 43,377
Total unvested shares subject to performance in Ords2                                                                                                                                             500,208
Kathryn Mikells9
DLTIP – share options3,6,10    Sep 2016     2016-2019     2019                          Ord                     2113p         93,752                       1,037                                    92,715
DLTIP – share options3         Sep 2017     2017-2020     2020                          ADR                    $134.06        32,380                                                   23,476        8,904
Total vested but unexercised share options in Ords2                                                                                                                                               128,331
DLTIP – share options4,11      Sep 2018     2018-2021     2021                          ADR                    $140.89        27,062                                                                27,062
DLTIP – share options5,11      Sep 2019     2019-2022     2022                          ADR                    $170.28        24,522                                                    8,167       16,355
DLTIP – share options11        Sep 2020     2020-2023     2023                          ADR                    $133.88             0         27,396                                    18,264        9,132
Total unvested share options subject to performance in Ords2                                                                                                                                      210,196
DLTIP – performance shares8    Sep 2017     2017-2020     2020                          ADR      $134.83                      32,380                       3,237            252        29,143            0
DLTIP – performance shares4,11 Sep 2018     2018-2021     2021                          ADR      $139.41                      27,062                                                                27,062
DLTIP – performance shares5,11 Sep 2019     2019-2022     2022                          ADR      $174.72                      24,522                                                    8,167       16,355
DLTIP – performance shares11   Sep 2020     2020-2023     2023                          ADR      $133.70                           0         27,396                                    18,264        9,132
Total unvested shares subject to performance in Ords2                                                                                                                                             210,196

1. For unvested awards this is the number of shares/options initially awarded. For exercisable share options, this is the number of outstanding options. All share options have an expiry date
    of 10 years after the date of grant.
2. ADRs have been converted to Ords (one ADR is equivalent to four ordinary shares) for the purpose of calculating the total number of vested and unvested shares and options
3. The total number of share options granted under the DLTIP in September 2015, 2016 and 2017 and showing as outstanding as at 30 June 2021 are vested but unexercised share options
4. Performance shares and share options granted under the DLTIP in September 2018 and due to vest in September 2021 are included here as unvested share awards subject to performance
    conditions, although the awards have also been included in the single figure of remuneration table on page 117, since the performance period ended during the year ended 30 June 2021
5. Details of the performance conditions attached to DLTIP awards of performance shares and share options granted in 2019 are organic net sales growth (3.75%-6%), organic growth in profit
    before exceptional items and tax (4.5%-10.5%), cumulative free cash flow (£8,600m-£9,600m) and relative total shareholder return (median-upper quintile). Full details of the performance
    conditions were disclosed in Diageo’s 2019 annual report on remuneration.
6. 1,037 Ords of this award were delivered as tax-qualified share options
7. Ivan Menezes must retain 2,880 ADRs of the 5,126 ADRs that vested on 4 September 2020 until 4 September 2022 under the post-vesting retention period
8. Kathryn Mikells must retain 1,844 ADRs of the 3,237 ADRs that vested on 4 September 2020 until 4 September 2022 under the post-vesting retention period
9. Kathryn Mikells also holds 1,031 outstanding options over ordinary shares under an all-employee share plan, which are not subject to performance and not included in this table
10. Kathryn Mikells exercised 1,037 tax-approved options on 24 June 2021 at a market price of £34.87 and exercise price of £21.13
11. Kathryn Mikells’ retained unvested performance share and share option awards, pro-rated for employment over the performance period, when she left the company on 30 June 2021.
    These awards will vest, subject to the achievement of the performance conditions, on the normal vesting date, together with any accrued dividend equivalents.


                                                                                                                                                         Diageo Annual Report 2021                        121
Directors’ remuneration report continued




 Directors’ shareholding requirements and share and other interests (audited)
The beneficial interests of the Directors in office at 30 June 2021 (and their connected persons) in the ordinary shares (or ordinary share equivalents) of the
company are shown in the table below.
                                                                                                    Ordinary shares or equivalent1,2
                                                                                                              30 June 2021              30 June 2020      Shareholding       Shareholding
                                                                                                     (or date of departure,                (or date of     requirement      at 27 July 2021         Shareholding
                                                                                     27 July 2021                 if earlier)    appointment, if later)       (% salary)3         (% salary)3    requirement met
Chairman
Javier Ferrán6                                                                        254,482                    254,242                    250,496                   –                   –                   –
Executive Directors
Ivan Menezes4,6                                                                     1,145,894                 1,145,894                  1,134,374              500%             2,735%                     Yes
Kathryn Mikells5,6,12,13                                                              239,347                   239,732                    233,964              400%               868%                     Yes
Non-Executive Directors
Susan Kilsby6                                                                             2,600                      2,600                     2,600
Melissa Bethell7                                                                              0                          0                         –
Valérie Chapoulaud-Floquet8                                                               2,017                      2,017                         –                  –                   –                   –
Sir John Manzoni9                                                                         2,816                      2,816                         –                  –                   –                   –
Lady Mendelsohn                                                                           5,000                      5,000                     5,000
Alan Stewart                                                                              7,069                      7,069                     6,905
Ireena Vittal10                                                                                0                         0                         –
Ho KwonPing11                                                                                  –                     4,649                     4,649

Notes
1. Each person listed beneficially owns less than 1% of Diageo’s ordinary shares. Ordinary shares held by Directors have the same voting rights as all other ordinary shares.
2. Any change in shareholding between the end of the financial year on 30 June 2021 and the last practicable date before publication of this report, being 27 July 2021, is outlined in the table above.
    The last practicable date is within one month of the AGM notice.
3. Both the shareholding requirement and shareholding at 27 July 2021 are expressed as a percentage of base salary on 30 June 2021 and calculated using an average share price for the year ended
    30 June 2021 of 2938 pence
4. In addition to the number of shares reported in the table above, Ivan Menezes holds 83,727 vested but unexercised share options (over ADRs; equal to 334,908 ordinary shares)
5. In addition to the number of shares reported in the table above, Kathryn Mikells holds 92,715 vested but unexercised share options (over ordinary shares) and 8,904 share options (over ADRs,
    equal to 128,331 ordinary shares)
6. Javier Ferrán, Ivan Menezes, Kathryn Mikells and Susan Kilsby have share interests in ADRs (one ADR is equivalent to four ordinary shares); the share interests in the table are stated as ordinary
    share equivalent
7. Melissa Bethell was appointed to the Board on 30 June 2020
8. Valérie Chapoulaud-Floquet was appointed to the Board on 1 January 2021
9. Sir John Manzoni was appointed to the Board on 1 October 2020
10. Ireena Vittal was appointed to the Board on 2 October 2020
11. Ho Kwon Ping retired from the Board on 28 September 2020
12. Kathryn Mikells exercised 1,037 share options during the year ended 30 June 2020
13. Under the post-employment shareholding requirement policy, Kathryn Mikells is required to continue to hold Diageo shares equal in value to 400% of salary until 30 June 2022, reducing
    to 200% of salary until 30 June 2023. This requirement will be satisfied making use of a restricted nominee account, in which shares are already held in trust during the two-year post-vesting
    retention period.

Relative importance of spend on pay
The graph below illustrates the relative importance of spend on pay (total remuneration of all group employees) compared with distributions to
shareholders (total dividends plus the share buyback programme but excluding transaction costs), and the percentage change from the year ended
30 June 2020 to the year ended 30 June 2021. The Committee considers that there are no other significant distributions or payments of profit or cash flow.

Dividends have increased by 4% on the year before and the reduction in distributions to shareholders is a result of the suspension of the share
buyback programme.


Relative importance of spend on pay – percentage change
Distributions to shareholders


2021                               1,754                                                                                                                                                      2,904
2020                                                2,904



Staff pay

  1,754       1,586


2021                         1,586

2020                       1,404




122         Diageo Annual Report 2021
 Chief Executive total remuneration and TSR performance
The graph below shows the total shareholder return for Diageo and the FTSE 100 Index since 30 June 2011 and demonstrates the relationship between
pay and performance for the Chief Executive, using current and previously published single total remuneration figures. The FTSE 100 Index has been
chosen because it is a widely recognised performance benchmark for large companies in the United Kingdom.

                                Total shareholder return –                                                                                                                       Chief Executive total remuneration
                                value of hypothetical £100 holding                                                                                                             (includes legacy LTIP awards) (£'000)
    Diageo
                                400                                                                                                                                                                         40,000
    FTSE 100
    Chief Executive             360                                                                                                                                                                         36,000
    total remuneration
                                320                                                                                                                                                                         32,000

                                280                                                                                                                                                                         28,000




                                                                                                                                                                                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                240                                                                                                                                                                         24,000

                                200                                                                                                                                                                         20,000

                                160                                                                                                                                                                         16,000

                                120                                                                                                                                                                         12,000

                                80                                                                                                                                                                           8,000

                                40                                                                                                                                                                           4,000

                                0                                                                                                                                                                                 0
                                      June 2011     June 2012        June 2013    June 2014       June 2015       June 2016       June 2017       June 2018        June 2019       June 2020       June 2021



                          NO CE TOTAL DATA FOR JAN 2011 -                                                                                                                                                  Ivan
                          MAKE BLOBPaulWHITE
                                        S Walsh
                                          £’000
                                                IF YOU       RE-INPUT
                                                Paul S Walsh Ivan Menezes Ivan Menezes Ivan Menezes Ivan Menezes Ivan Menezes Ivan Menezes
                                                       £’000        £’000        £’000
                                                                                              1

                                                                                              £’000
                                                                                                              1

                                                                                                           £’000        £’000
                                                                                                                              1

                                                                                                                                     £’000
                                                                                                                                              1                1               1
                                                                                                                                                                                   Ivan Menezes1
                                                                                                                                                                                          £’000
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Menezes2
                                                                                                                                                                                                          £’000
                          DATA
Chief Executive total remuneration
(includes legacy LTIP awards)                            11,746          15,557        7,312           3,888           4,156           3,399           8,995           11,776             2,273          5,902
Annual incentive2                                          74%             51%           9%             44%             65%             68%             70%            61.0%                0%         93.75%
Share option2                                             100%            100%          71%              0%              0%              0%             60%            73.1%             27.5%          10.0%
Performance share2                                         65%             95%          55%             33%             31%              0%             70%            89.3%               10%          29.3%

1. To enable comparison Ivan Menezes’ single total figure of remuneration has been converted into sterling using the average weighted exchange rate for the relevant financial year
2. % maximum opportunity



  Pay for Directors in the context of wider workforce remuneration
  There is clear alignment in the approach to pay for executives and the wider workforce, in the way that remuneration principles are followed as well
  as the mechanics of the salary review process and incentive plan design, which are broadly consistent throughout the organisation. There is a strong
  focus on performance-related pay and the performance measures under the annual incentive plan and long-term incentive plan are the same for
  executives and other eligible employees. The reward package for Executive Directors is consistent with that of the senior management population,
  however, a much higher proportion of total remuneration for the Executive Directors is linked to business performance, compared to the rest of the
  employee population.

  The structure of the reward package for the wider employee population is based on the principle that it should enable Diageo to attract and retain the
  best talent within our broader industry. It is driven by local market practice as well as level of seniority and accountability, reflecting the global nature of
  our business. Diageo is committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse workplace and creating a culture where every individual can thrive. Reflective
  of this, pay parity and consistency of treatment for all employees are critical to the reward practices across the organisation. The reward framework is
  regularly reviewed to ensure employees are rewarded fairly and appropriately, in line with the business strategy, performance outcomes, competitive
  market practice and our diversity agenda.

  CEO pay ratio
  In accordance with The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, the table overleaf sets out Diageo’s CEO pay ratios for the year ended
  30 June 2021. These CEO pay ratios provide a comparison of the Chief Executive’s total remuneration – converted into Sterling – with the equivalent
  remuneration for the employees paid at the 25th (P25), 50th (P50) and 75th (P75) percentile of Diageo’s workforce in the United Kingdom. A second
  table outlines the total remuneration for each quartile employee, and the salary component within this.




                                                                                                                                                              Diageo Annual Report 2021                       123
Directors’ remuneration report continued




 CEO pay ratio
 Year               Method                                                                                         25th percentile pay ratio         Median pay ratio        75th percentile pay ratio
 2019               Option A   2
                                                                                                                                  265:1                      208:1                          166:1
 20201              Option A2                                                                                                      50:1                       38:1                           31:1
 2021               Option A2,3                                                                                                  125:1                        98:1                           77:1
 2021               Total pay and benefits                                                                                      £47,240                    £60,093                        £76,321
 2021               Salary                                                                                                      £32,141                    £42,578                        £48,550

 1. 2020 CEO pay ratios have been updated to reflect the value of the updated 2020 single figure which incorporates long-term incentives based on actual share price at vesting, rather than
    the average share price in the last three months of the financial year which had been used as a proxy for the 2020 disclosure
 2. Only people employed in the United Kingdom and with the same number of contractual working hours throughout the full 12-month period have been included in the calculation.
    Inclusion of employees outside of this group would require a complex simulation of full-time annual remuneration based on a number of assumptions and would not have a meaningful
    impact on the ratio.
 3. The total remuneration for employees is based on actual earnings for the 11 months to 31 May 2021, and a projection for June 2021 which replicates the relevant items of the previous
    month’s earnings. This pragmatic approach allows us to calculate the ratios accurately, while mitigating the challenge of the limited timeframe between our year-end and the publishing
    of the Annual Report, and has been tested following our first disclosure of the CEO pay-ratios in 2019: analysis showed that the maximum resulting variance in the median pay ratio in any
    given year would be only 1 point, since pay changes from May to June would seldom be material.

 Methodology
 Consistent with the approach for Diageo’s disclosure in previous years, the methodology used to identify the employees at each quartile for 2021
 is Option A, as defined in the regulations. We believe this is the most robust and accurate approach, and in line with shareholder expectations.
 Total full-time equivalent remuneration for employees reflects all pay and benefits received by an individual in respect of the relevant year and
 has, other than where noted below, been calculated in line with the methodology for the ‘single figure of remuneration’ for the Chief Executive
 (shown on page 117 of this report). Actual remuneration was converted into the full-time equivalent for the role and location by pro-rating earnings
 to reflect full-time contractual working hours and these figures were then ranked to identify the employees sitting at the percentiles. In light of financial
 performance outcomes being signed off close to the publication of the Annual Report, the Diageo Group Business Multiple – applicable to the majority
 of UK employees – has been used to calculate all payments under the annual incentive, although some employees may receive a variation on this
 multiple in practice. Pension values for each employee are not calculated on an actuarial basis as for the Chief Executive, but rather as the notional
 cost of the company’s pension contribution during the financial year, according to the relevant section of the pension scheme for each individual.
 This approach allows meaningful data for a large group of people to be obtained in a more efficient way.

 Points to note for the year ended 30 June 2021
 Strong business performance in the year ended 30 June 2021 is reflected in the payout under the annual incentive plans both for Diageo’s Chief
 Executive and the wider UK workforce. The annual incentive plan outcome is directly linked to awards made under the freeshares scheme – in which
 all UK employees participate – and this further contributes to the 10% increase in median employee pay versus last year. In addition, the Manufacturing
 Incentive Plan was introduced for 2021, giving 1,800 manufacturing workers in Scotland and Northern Ireland an opportunity to participate in a bonus
 scheme incentivising and rewarding team and site performance. The median remuneration and resulting pay ratio for 2021 are consistent with the pay
 and progression policies for Diageo’s UK employees as a whole and reflect the impact of performance-related pay on total remuneration for the year.
 As the Chief Executive has a larger proportion of his total remuneration linked to business performance than other employees in the UK workforce, the
 ratio has increased versus last year. However, vesting of long-term incentive awards is limited – reflecting the impact of the pandemic – and as a result
 the ratios remain lower than when first disclosed in 2019.

 Looking after our people and investing in talent
 Our focus remains firmly on the wellbeing of our employees and in the year ended 30 June 2021, we continued to provide stability and support
 to our workforce by safeguarding jobs, pay and benefits. In line with this focus, Diageo’s benefits offering in the health and wellbeing space has been
 significantly upgraded in the past few years to include, for example, access to cancer-screening, health care cash plans and health-assessment for the
 wider workforce. The unionised population in Scotland will get access to private medical insurance in 2022, as part of a newly negotiated agreement.

 We remain committed to attracting and retaining the right talent. Although there was a need to exercise restraint in the year ended 30 June 2021, we
 continued to review our approach to remuneration and have made some bold changes to reward structures and principles that will enable us to invest
 in top talent in priority areas going forward. Benefits such as competitive pension schemes, the opportunity to participate in employee share-ownership
 schemes, a product allowance to help employees enjoy Diageo products, generous leave policies, healthcare and life insurance remain key parts of our
 total reward offering. All UK employees can now also access their total reward statement through the new benefits portal launched at the end of 2020,
 which provides people with a better understanding of their benefits package and the choices available to them.

 Championing inclusion and diversity is one of Diageo’s strategic priorities and we want to leverage the broadest range of backgrounds and skills to
 create a fully inclusive, high-performing culture. Although we recognise that gender parity is just one measure of an inclusive workplace, we are proud
 that we have further reduced the gender pay gap across our UK businesses to +2.8%, among the lowest in the FTSE.

 Change in pay for Directors compared to wider workforce
 In line with the requirements in The Companies (Directors’ Remuneration Policy and Directors’ Remuneration Report) Regulations 2019, which implement
 Articles 9a and 9b of European Directive 2017/828/EC1 (commonly known as the Revised Shareholder Rights Directive or SRD), the table on the next page
 shows the percentage change in Directors’ remuneration and average remuneration of employees from the financial year 2020 to the financial year 2021,
 as well as an update on last year’s disclosure. Given the small size of Diageo plc’s workforce, data for all employees of the Group has also been included.




124      Diageo Annual Report 2021
In the past year, limited salary increases have been implemented across the world, with changes implemented through a focussed approach in high-
inflation markets or in other exceptional individual situations to support retention and business change. Although the table shows no change in the
average global employee salary, this is in fact the result of the impact of currency conversion rates on calculations and, based on constant exchange rates,
the year-on-year change in salary is +4.11%. The small number of people employed by the Diageo plc entity makes the reported year-on-year movement
for this group more sensitive to individual anomalies and may be more volatile over time.

The year-on-year bonus increase for the average global employee is significant, as relatively few of our employees received a bonus for the year ended
30 June 2020 and many employees will be rewarded for their contributions to business performance through a strong bonus payout in the year ended
30 June 2021. We are focussed on making our benefit offering more inclusive and consistent globally and have reviewed our benefits landscape against
newly established Standards of Care, to ensure we have best in class offerings supporting our diverse workforce. We continue to work with regional
brokers to support us with driving improvements and efficiencies in our benefit offering. To support our employees during the pandemic we have
focussed on employee assistance provision and consistent life insurance provision, as well as a more local focus on wellbeing. The year-on-year
movement in salary for Executive Directors reflects the fact that for the first three months of the year ended 30 June 2020 they received a lower salary




                                                                                                                                                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
than in the year ended 30 June 2021, and the absence of a salary increase thereafter. Note that no year-on-year change in pay has been reported
for Melissa Bethell, Valérie Chapoulaud-Floquet, Sir John Manzoni and Ireena Vittal as there is no comparable remuneration data for the year ended
30 June 2020. In previous years, benefits for Non-Executive Directors mostly related to travel expenses and the reported year-on-year decrease is
therefore driven by the travel restrictions in place throughout 2020 and 2021.
                                                                                  Year-on-year change in pay for Directors compared to the global average employee
                                                                                                                  2021                                                                          2020
                                                            Salary                    Bonus                   Benefits                        Salary                  Bonus                  Benefits
Plc employee average1                                       5.1%                     N/A6                     38.8%                           7.5%                    -100%                    9.0%
Average global employee2                                    0.0%                  278.8%                      12.6%                           5.3%                   -67.8%                    6.9%
Calculated with constant FX rate                            4.11%                                                                               5.1%
Executive Directors3
Ivan Menezes                                                0.7%                       N/A6                  -10.7%                           2.7%                   -100%                    0.8%
Kathryn Mikells                                             0.7%                       N/A6                   17.9%                           2.8%                   -100%                   55.9%
Non-Executive Directors4
Melissa Bethell                                                –                          –                       –                             –                        –                       –
Valérie Chapoulaud-Floquet                                     –                          –                       –                             –                        –                       –
Javier Ferrán (Chairman)                                    0.0%                          –                    0.0%                          0.0%                        –                    0.0%
Susan Kilsby                                                9.6%                          –                  -87.7%                         37.3%                        –                   68.9%
Ho KwonPing5                                                3.2%                          –                  -67.7%                          3.3%                        –                   93.3%
Sir John Manzoni                                               –                          –                       –                             –                        –                       –
Lady Mendelsohn                                             3.2%                          –                    0.0%                          3.3%                        –                    0.0%
Alan Stewart                                                2.4%                          –                    0.0%                          2.5%                        –                    0.0%
Ireena Vittal                                                  –                          –                       –                             –                        –                       –

1. Around 50 UK-based employees are employed by Diageo plc. Their remuneration has been calculated in line with the approach used for the CEO pay-ratio calculation and the average
   year-on-year change has been reported. Only those employed during the full financial year have been included in calculations.
2. Calculated by dividing staff cost related to salaries, bonus and benefits by the average number of employees on a full-time equivalent basis, as disclosed in note 3c to the financial statement
   under staff costs and average number of employees (note 3c) on page 150, but reduced to account for the inclusion of Executive Directors in reported figures. The salary, bonus and benefits
   cost data used for calculation are subsets of the Wages and salaries figure disclosed in this note. The salary data used for calculation has been adjusted to exclude costs related to severance
   payments which are included in staff costs, and last year’s disclosure has been updated in line with this for consistency. In line with the approach for Directors, the bonus values used for the
   calculation reflect the bonus earned in relation to performance during the relevant financial year.
3. Calculated using the data from the single figure table in the annual report on remuneration (page 117) in US dollars, as both Ivan Menezes and Kathryn Mikells are paid in this currency.
4. Calculated using the fees and taxable benefits disclosed under Non-Executive Directors’ remuneration in the table below. Taxable benefits for Non-Executive Directors comprise a
   product allowance as well as expense reimbursements relating to attendance at Board meetings, which may be variable year-on-year. In the year ended 30 June 2021, no travel expenses
   were incurred as travel was restricted as a result of the pandemic.
5. Ho KwonPing retired as Non-Executive Director on 28 September 2020. To provide a meaningful reflection of annual percentage increase for the year ended 30 June 2021, his 2021 fee was
   adjusted to reflect full-year appointment to the Board.
6. N/A refers to a nil value in the previous year, meaning that the year-on-year change cannot be calculated.




                                                                                                                                                         Diageo Annual Report 2021                 125
Directors’ remuneration report continued




 Non-Executive Directors
Fee policy
Javier Ferrán’s fee as non-executive Chairman was increased from £600,000 per annum to £650,000 on 1 July 2021. This was a planned increase for
1 January 2020 that was deferred, at the Chairman’s request, due to the Covid-19 pandemic. There had been no prior increase since his appointment
on 1 January 2017. The Chairman’s fee is appropriately positioned against our comparator group of FTSE 30 companies excluding financial services.

There was no change to Non-Executive Director fees in the year ended 30 June 2021. The next review is scheduled for October 2021.
                                                                                                                                                               January 2021      January 2020
Per annum fees                                                                                                                                                        £’000             £’000
Chairman of the Board                                                                                                                                                 600               600
Non-Executive Directors
Base fee                                                                                                                                                                98                98
Senior Non-Executive Director                                                                                                                                           30                30
Chairman of the Audit Committee                                                                                                                                         30                30
Chairman of the Remuneration Committee                                                                                                                                  30                30


Non-Executive Directors’ remuneration for the year ended 30 June 2021 (audited)

                                                                                               Fees £’000                     Taxable benefits1 £’000                  Total £’000
                                                                                             2021               2020              2021                  2020          2021               2020
Chairman
Javier Ferrán2                                                                               600                600                  1                    1           601                601
Non-Executive Directors
Susan Kilsby                                                                                 158                144                  1                   10           159                154
Melissa Bethell                                                                               98                  0                  1                    0            99                  0
Valérie Chapoulaud-Floquet5                                                                    49                  –                 1                    –             50                  –
Sir John Manzoni   3
                                                                                               74                  –                 1                    –             75                  –
Lady Mendelsohn                                                                                98                95                  1                    1             99                 96
Alan Stewart                                                                                 128                125                  1                    1           129                126
Ireena Vittal4                                                                                 73                  –                 1                    –             74                  –
Ho KwonPing6                                                                                   24                95                   –                   4             24                 99

1. Taxable benefits include a product allowance and expense reimbursements relating to travel, accommodation and subsistence in connection with attendance at Board meetings during the year,
   which are deemed by HMRC to be taxable in the United Kingdom. The amounts in the single figure of total remuneration table above include the grossed-up cost of UK tax paid by the company
   on behalf of the Directors. Non-taxable expense reimbursements have not been included in the single figure of remuneration table above.
2. £100,000 of Javier Ferrán’s net remuneration in the year ended 30 June 2021 was used for the monthly purchase of Diageo ordinary shares, which must be retained until he retires from the
   company or ceases to be a Director for any other reason
3. Sir John Manzoni was appointed to the Board on 1 October 2020
4. Ireena Vittal was appointed to the Board on 2 October 2020
5. Valérie Chapoulaud-Floquet was appointed to the Board on 1 January 2021
6. Ho KwonPing retired from the Board on 28 September 2020




126       Diageo Annual Report 2021
Looking ahead to 2022
                                                                                                             As last year, DLTIP awards made in September 2021 will comprise awards
 Salary increases for the year ending 30 June 2022
                                                                                                             of both performance shares and share options, based on stretching
As outlined in the 2020 annual report on remuneration, in light of the                                       targets against the key performance measures as outlined in the table
impact of the Covid-19 pandemic, there was no change to base salaries                                        below, assessed over a three-year performance period. The relative total
for the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer during the year ended                                    shareholder return measure is based on the same constituent group and
30 June 2021.                                                                                                vesting schedule as outlined on page 119.

In April 2021, the Remuneration Committee reviewed base salaries                                             The performance share element of the DLTIP applies to the Executive
for senior management and agreed the following increase for the                                              Committee and the top cadre of senior leaders across the organisation
Chief Executive, in line with the merit budget for the wider workforce                                       worldwide, whilst the share option element is applicable to a much
for the United Kingdom and the United States, effective 1 October 2021:                                      smaller population comprising only members of the Executive Committee.
                                                                                                             One market price option is valued at one-third of a performance share.
                                               Ivan Menezes               Lavanya Chandrashekar
Salary at 1 October (‘000)                     2021             2020           2021           2020




                                                                                                                                                                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                                                                                                             The ESG measure comprises four goals reflecting the ‘Society 2030: Spirit
Base salary                                 $1,711            $1,661          $975                –          of Progress’ strategy, to make a positive impact on the environment and
% increase (over previous year)                3%                0%              –                –          society, as referenced on pages 38-41. Each goal is weighted equally:

 Annual incentive design for the year ending 30 June 2022                                                    – reduction in greenhouse gas emissions;
                                                                                                             – improvement in water efficiency;
The measures and targets for the annual incentive plan are reviewed
                                                                                                             – number of people who confirmed changed attitudes to the dangers of
annually by the Remuneration Committee and are carefully chosen to
                                                                                                               underage drinking, after participating in a Diageo supported education
drive financial and individual business performance goals related to the
                                                                                                               programme; and
company’s short-term strategic operational objectives. The plan design
                                                                                                             – inclusion and diversity metric (one measure on % female leaders
for Executive Directors in the year ending 30 June 2022 will comprise the
                                                                                                               globally, and another measure on % ethnically diverse leaders globally).
following performance measures and weightings, with targets set for the
full financial year:
                                                                                                             Awards are calculated on the basis of a six-month average share price for
                                                                                                             the period ending 30 June 2021.
– operating profit (% growth) (26.67% weighting): stretching profit
  targets drive operational efficiency and influence the level of returns
                                                                                                             It is intended that a DLTIP award of 500% of base salary will be made
  that can be delivered to shareholders through increases in share price
                                                                                                             to Ivan Menezes in September 2021, comprising 375% of salary in
  and dividend income not including exceptional items or exchange;
                                                                                                             performance shares and 125% of salary in market-price share options
– net sales (% growth) (26.67% weighting): a key performance measure
                                                                                                             (in performance share equivalents; one market price option is valued at
  of year-on-year top line growth;
                                                                                                             one-third of a performance share).
– operating cash conversion (26.67% weighting): ensures focus on
  efficient cash delivery by the end of the year; and
                                                                                                             It is intended that a DLTIP award of 480% of salary will be made to
– individual business objectives (20% weighting): measurable
                                                                                                             Lavanya Chandrashekar in September 2021, comprising 360% of salary
  deliverables that are specific to the individual and are focussed on
                                                                                                             in performance shares and 120% of salary in market price share options
  supporting the delivery of key strategic objectives.
                                                                                                             (in performance share equivalents).
The Committee has discretion to adjust the payout to reflect underlying
                                                                                                             The table below summarises the annual DLTIP awards to Ivan Menezes
business performance and any other relevant factors.
                                                                                                             and Lavanya Chandrashekar in September 2021.
Details of the targets for the year ending 30 June 2022 will be disclosed                                                                                        Chief Executive           Chief Financial Officer
retrospectively in next year’s annual report on remuneration, by which                                       Grant value (% salary)                         Performance share equivalents (1 share: 3 options)
time they will no longer be deemed commercially sensitive by the Board.                                      Performance shares                                         375%                             360%
                                                                                                             Share options                                              125%                             120%
 Long-term incentive awards to be made in the year ending
                                                                                                             Total                                                      500%                             480%
 30 June 2022
The long-term incentive plan measures are reviewed annually by the
Remuneration Committee and are selected to reward long-term consistent
performance in line with Diageo’s business strategy and to create alignment
with the delivery of value for shareholders. The Committee has ensured that the
incentive structure for senior management does not raise environmental, social
and governance risks by inadvertently motivating irresponsible behaviour.

Performance conditions for long-term incentive awards to be made in the year ending 30 June 2022

                                                                                  Performance shares                                                                            Share options
                                                   Organic                                        Environmental, social & governance (ESG)
                                              profit before
                                               exceptional                                                                                                                           Cumulative
                              Organic net   items and tax      Greenhouse            Water        Positive        % Female     % Ethnically     Vesting        Relative Total     free cash flow          Vesting
                             sales (CAGR)           (CAGR)    gas reduction      efficiency       drinking          leaders diverse leaders   schedule    Shareholder Return                (£m)        schedule
Weighting (% total)               40%              40%                5%             5%                 5%           2.5%             2.5%     100%               50.0%                50.0%             100%
Maximum                           9.0%            13.5%            27.1%          12.1%               3.7m           46%              41%      100%       3rd and above                £9,250            100%
Midpoint                          7.0%            10.0%            23.1%              9.2%            3.0m            45%             40%        60%                  –                £8,350              60%
Threshold                         5.0%             6.5%            19.1%              6.3%            2.3m            44%             39%        20%      9th and above                £7,450              20%


                                                                                                                                                          Diageo Annual Report 2021                          127
Directors’ remuneration report continued



Additional information
Emoluments and share interests of senior management                                          Statutory and audit requirements
The total emoluments for the year ended 30 June 2021 of the Executive                        This report was approved by a duly authorised Committee of the Board
Directors, the Executive Committee members and the Company Secretary                         of Directors and was signed on its behalf on 28 July 2021 by Susan Kilsby
(together, the senior management) of Diageo comprising base salary,                          who is Chair of the Remuneration Committee.
annual incentive plan, share incentive plan, termination payments and
other benefits were £24.9 million (2020 – £12.1 million).                                    The Board has followed the principles of good governance as set out in
                                                                                             the UK Corporate Governance Code and complied with the regulations
The aggregate amount of gains made by the senior management                                  contained in the Schedule 8 of the Large and Medium-sized Companies
from the exercise of share options and from the vesting of awards                            and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008, the Listing Rules
during the year was £9.4 million. In addition, they were granted                             of the Financial Conduct Authority and the relevant schedules of the
819,702 performance-based share options under the Diageo Long-Term                           Companies Act 2006.
Incentive Plan (DLTIP) during the year at a weighted average share price
of 2493 pence, exercisable by 2030, and 29,522 options not subject to                        The Companies Act 2006 and the Listing Rules require the company’s
performance. In addition they were granted 597 options over ordinary                         auditor to report on the audited information in their report and to
shares under the UK savings-related share options scheme (SAYE). They                        state that this section has been properly prepared in accordance with
were also awarded 882,321 performance shares under the DLTIP in                              these regulations.
September 2020, which will vest in three years subject to the relevant
performance conditions, and 13,779 restricted shares not subject                             PwC has audited the report to the extent required by the Regulations,
to performance.                                                                              being the sections headed Single total figure of remuneration for
                                                                                             Executive Directors (and notes), Annual incentive plan (AIP), Long-term
Senior management options over ordinary shares                                               incentive plans (LTIPs), Pension arrangements, Directors’ shareholding
At 27 July 2021, the senior management had an aggregate beneficial                           requirements and share and other interests, Outstanding share plan
interest in 1,474,626 ordinary shares in the company and in the following                    interests, Non-Executive Directors’ remuneration and Key management
options over ordinary shares in the company:                                                 personnel related party transactions.
                                                        Weighted average
                                    Number of options       exercise price   Option period
                                                                                             The annual report on remuneration is subject to shareholder approval
                                                                                             at the AGM on 30 September 2021; terms defined in this remuneration
Ivan Menezes                               835,116                 25.15     2015-2025
                                                                                             report are used solely herein.
Lavanya Chandrashekar                       19,584                 27.15     2018-2028
Other1                                   1,742,559                 25.60     2012-2030



1. Other members of the Executive Committee, which includes the Company Secretary

Key management personnel related party
transactions (audited)
Key management personnel of the group comprises the Executive and
Non-Executive Directors, the members of the Executive Committee and
the Company Secretary.

Diageo plc has granted rolling indemnities to the Directors and the
Company Secretary, uncapped in amount, in relation to certain losses
and liabilities which they may incur in the course of acting as Directors or
Company Secretary (as applicable) of Diageo plc or of one or more of its
subsidiaries. These indemnities continue to be in place at 30 June 2021.

Other than disclosed in this report, no Director had any interest, beneficial
or non-beneficial, in the share capital of the company. Save as disclosed
above, no Director has or has had any interest in any transaction which is
or was unusual in its nature, or which is or was significant to the business
of the group and which was effected by any member of the group during
the financial year, or which having been effected during an earlier financial
year, remains in any respect outstanding or unperformed. There have
been no material transactions during the last three years to which
any Director or officer, or 3% or greater shareholder, or any spouse or
dependent thereof, was a party. There is no significant outstanding
indebtedness to the company from any Directors or officer or 3% or
greater shareholder.




128      Diageo Annual Report 2021
Directors’ report


Directors’ report
The Directors present the Directors’ report for the year ended 30 June 2021.   Related party transactions
                                                                               Transactions with related parties are disclosed in note 20 to the
Directors                                                                      consolidated financial statements.
The Directors of the company who currently serve are shown in the
section ‘Board of Directors’ on pages 84 and 85 and the names of former        Major shareholders
Directors who served during the year are listed on page 90. In accordance      At 30 June 2021, the following substantial interests (3% or more) in the
with the UK Corporate Governance Code, all the Directors will retire by        company’s ordinary share capital (voting securities) had been notified to
rotation at the AGM and offer themselves for re-election. Further details of   the company:
Directors’ contracts, remuneration and their interests in the shares of the
company at 30 June 2021 are given in the Directors’ remuneration report.                                                         Percentage of
                                                                                                                               issued ordinary
The Directors’ powers are determined by UK legislation and Diageo’s                                             Number of     share (excluding      Date of notification
articles of association. The Directors may exercise all the company’s          Shareholder                  ordinary shares     treasury shares              of interest

powers provided that Diageo’s articles of association or applicable            BlackRock Investment




                                                                                                                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
legislation do not stipulate that any powers must be exercised by              Management (UK) Limited
the members.                                                                   (indirect holding)           147,296,928               5.89%       3 December 2009
                                                                               Capital Research and
Auditor                                                                        Management Company
The auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, is willing to continue in office      (indirect holding)           124,653,096               4.99%          28 April 2009
and a resolution for its re-appointment as auditor of the company will be
submitted to the AGM.                                                          The company has not been notified of any other substantial interests in
                                                                               its securities since 30 June 2021. The company’s substantial shareholders
Disclosure of information to the auditor                                       do not have different voting rights. Diageo, so far as is known by the
In accordance with section 418 of the Companies Act 2006, the Directors        company, is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by another
who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm      corporation or by any government. Diageo knows of no arrangements,
that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit information    the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of
of which the company’s auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken         control of the company.
all reasonable steps to ascertain any relevant audit information and to
ensure that the company’s auditor is aware of that information.                Employment policies
                                                                               A key strategic imperative of the company is to attract, retain and grow
Corporate governance statement                                                 a pool of diverse, talented employees. Diageo recognises that a diversity
The corporate governance statement, prepared in accordance with                of skills and experiences in its workplace and communities will provide
rule 7.2 of the Financial Conduct Authority’s Disclosure Guidance and          a competitive advantage. To enable this the company has various
Transparency Rules, comprises the following sections of the Annual             global employment policies and standards, covering such issues as
Report: the ‘Corporate governance report’, the ‘Audit Committee report’        resourcing, data protection, human rights, health, safety and wellbeing.
and the ‘Additional information for shareholders’.                             These policies and standards seek to ensure that the company treats
                                                                               current or prospective employees justly, solely according to their
Significant agreements – change of control                                     abilities to meet the requirements and standards of their role and in a
The following significant agreements contain certain termination and           fair and consistent way. This includes giving full and fair consideration to
other rights for Diageo’s counterparties upon a change of control of the       applications from prospective employees who are disabled, having regard
company. Under the partners agreement governing the company’s 34%              to their aptitudes and abilities, and not discriminating against employees
investment in Moët Hennessy SAS (MH) and Moët Hennessy International           under any circumstances (including in relation to applications, training,
SAS (MHI), if a Competitor (as defined therein) directly or indirectly takes   career development and promotion) on the grounds of any disability.
control of the company (which, for these purposes, would occur if such
Competitor acquired more than 34% of the voting rights or equity interests
in the company), LVMH Moët Hennessy – Louis Vuitton SA (LVMH) may
require the company to sell its interests in MH and MHI to LVMH.

The master agreement governing the operation of the group’s
market-level distribution joint ventures with LVMH states that if
any person acquires interests and rights in the company resulting
in a Control Event (as defined) occurring in respect of the company,
LVMH may within 12 months of the Control Event either appoint
and remove the chairman of each joint venture entity governed by
such master agreement, who shall be given a casting vote, or require
each distribution joint venture entity to be wound up. Control Event for
these purposes is defined as the acquisition by any person of more than
30% of the outstanding voting rights or equity interests in the company,
provided that no other person or entity (or group of affiliated persons or
entities) holds directly or indirectly more than 30% of the voting rights in
the company.




                                                                                                                       Diageo Annual Report 2021                   129
Directors’ report continued




Articles of association                                                         Diageo’s articles of association and the Companies Acts provide for
The company is incorporated under the name Diageo plc, and is                   matters to be transacted at general meetings of Diageo by the proposing
registered in England and Wales under registered number 23307. The              and passing of two kinds of resolutions:
following description summarises certain provisions of Diageo’s articles
of association (as adopted by special resolution at the Annual General          – ordinary resolutions, which include resolutions for the election,
Meeting on 28 September 2020) and applicable English law concerning               re-election and removal of directors, the declaration of final
companies (the Companies Acts), in each case as at 27 July 2021.                  dividends, the appointment and re-appointment of the external
This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Companies           auditor, the remuneration report and remuneration policy, the
Acts and Diageo’s articles of association. Investors can obtain copies of         increase of authorised share capital and the grant of authority to
Diageo’s articles of association by contacting the Company Secretary at           allot shares; and
the.cosec@diageo.com. Any amendment to the articles of association              – special resolutions, which include resolutions for the amendment of
of the company may be made in accordance with the provisions of the               Diageo’s articles of association, resolutions relating to the disapplication
Companies Act 2006, by way of special resolution.                                 of pre-emption rights, and resolutions modifying the rights of any class
                                                                                  of Diageo’s shares at a meeting of the holders of such class.
Directors
Diageo’s articles of association provide for a board of directors, consisting   An ordinary resolution requires the affirmative vote of a simple majority
(unless otherwise determined by an ordinary resolution of shareholders)         of the votes cast by those entitled to vote at a meeting at which there is
of not fewer than three directors and not more than 25 directors, in            a quorum in order to be passed. Special resolutions require the affirmative
which all powers to manage the business and affairs of Diageo are               vote of not less than three-quarters of the votes cast by those entitled
vested. Directors may be elected by the members in a general meeting            to vote at a meeting at which there is a quorum in order to be passed.
or appointed by the Board of Diageo. At each annual general meeting,            The necessary quorum for a meeting of Diageo is a minimum of two
all the directors shall retire from office and may offer themselves for         shareholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote.
re-election by members. There is no age limit requirement in respect of
directors. Directors may also be removed before the expiration of their         A shareholder is not entitled to vote at any general meeting or class
term of office in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Acts.         meeting in respect of any share held by them if they have been served
                                                                                with a restriction notice (as defined in Diageo’s articles of association) after
Voting rights                                                                   failure to provide Diageo with information concerning interests in those
Voting on any resolution at any general meeting of the company is by            shares required to be provided under the Companies Acts.
a show of hands unless a poll is duly demanded. On a show of hands,
(a) every shareholder who is present in person at a general meeting, and        Pre-emption rights and new issues of shares
every proxy appointed by any one shareholder and present at a general           While holders of ordinary shares have no pre-emptive rights under
meeting, has/have one vote regardless of the number of shares held              Diageo’s articles of association, the ability of the Directors to cause
by the shareholder (or, subject to (b), represented by the proxy), and          Diageo to issue shares, securities convertible into shares or rights to
(b) every proxy present at a general meeting who has been appointed             shares, otherwise than pursuant to an employee share scheme, is
by more than one shareholder has one vote regardless of the number of           restricted. Under the Companies Acts, the directors of a company are,
shareholders who have appointed him or the number of shares held by             with certain exceptions, unable to allot any equity securities without
those shareholders, unless he has been instructed to vote for a resolution      express authorisation, which may be contained in a company’s articles
by one or more shareholders and to vote against the resolution by one           of association or given by its shareholders in a general meeting, but
or more shareholders, in which case he has one vote for and one vote            which in either event cannot last for more than five years. Under the
against the resolution.                                                         Companies Acts, Diageo may also not allot shares for cash (otherwise than
                                                                                pursuant to an employee share scheme) without first making an offer to
On a poll, every shareholder who is present in person or by proxy has one       existing shareholders to allot such shares to them on the same or more
vote for every share held by that shareholder, but a shareholder or proxy       favourable terms in proportion to their respective shareholdings, unless
entitled to more than one vote need not cast all his votes or cast them all     this requirement is waived by a special resolution of the shareholders.
in the same way (the deadline for exercising voting rights by proxy is set
out in the form of proxy).                                                      Repurchase of shares
                                                                                Subject to authorisation by special resolution, Diageo may purchase its
A poll may be demanded by any of the following:                                 own shares in accordance with the Companies Acts. Any shares which
                                                                                have been bought back may be held as treasury shares or, if not so held,
– the chairman of the general meeting;                                          must be cancelled immediately upon completion of the purchase, thereby
– at least three shareholders entitled to vote on the relevant resolution       reducing the amount of Diageo’s issued share capital.
  and present in person or by proxy at the meeting;
– any shareholder or shareholders present in person or by proxy and             Restrictions on transfers of shares
  representing in the aggregate not less than one-tenth of the total            The Board may decline to register a transfer of a certificated Diageo
  voting rights of all shareholders entitled to vote on the relevant            share unless the instrument of transfer (a) is duly stamped or certified or
  resolution; or                                                                otherwise shown to the satisfaction of the Board to be exempt from stamp
– any shareholder or shareholders present in person or by proxy and             duty, and is accompanied by the relevant share certificate and such other
  holding shares conferring a right to vote on the relevant resolution          evidence of the right to transfer as the Board may reasonably require,
  on which there have been paid up sums in the aggregate equal to               (b) is in respect of only one class of share and (c) if to joint transferees, is in
  not less than one-tenth of the total sum paid up on all the shares            favour of not more than four such transferees. Registration of a transfer of
  conferring that right.                                                        an uncertificated share may be refused in the circumstances set out in the
                                                                                uncertificated securities rules (as defined in Diageo’s articles of association)
                                                                                and where, in the case of a transfer to joint holders, the number of joint
                                                                                holders to whom the uncertificated share is to be transferred exceeds four.




130     Diageo Annual Report 2021
The Board may decline to register a transfer of any of Diageo’s certificated
shares by a person with a 0.25% interest (as defined in Diageo’s articles      Provision of services by a            Not applicable
of association) if such a person has been served with a restriction notice     controlling shareholder
(as defined in Diageo’s articles of association) after failure to provide      Publication of unaudited              Unaudited financial information
Diageo with information concerning interests in those shares required          financial information
to be provided under the Companies Acts, unless the transfer is shown
to the Board to be pursuant to an arm’s-length sale (as defined in Diageo’s    Purchase of own shares                Repurchase of shares; Financial
articles of association).                                                                                            statements – note 17 Equity

Other information                                                              Research and development              Financial statements – note 3
Other information relevant to the Directors’ report may be found in the                                              Operating costs
following sections of the Annual Report:
                                                                               Review of the business and            Chief Executive’s statement;
Information (including                                                         principal risks and uncertainties     Our principal risks and risk




                                                                                                                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
that required by UK Listing                                                                                          management; Responding
Authority Listing Rule 9.8.4)         Location in Annual Report                                                      to climate-related risks;
                                                                                                                     Business reviews
Agreements with                       Not applicable
controlling shareholders                                                       Share capital – structure, voting     Financial statements– note 17
                                                                               and other rights                      Equity
Contracts of significance             Not applicable
                                                                               Share capital – employee              Financial statements – note 17
Details of long-term                  Directors’ remuneration report           share plan voting rights              Equity
incentive schemes
                                                                               Shareholder waivers of dividends      Financial statements – note 17
Directors’ indemnities                Directors’ remuneration report –                                               Equity
and compensation                      Additional information;
                                      Financial statements – note 20           Shareholder waivers of                Financial statements – note 17
                                      Related party transactions               future dividends                      Equity

Dividends                             Group financial review;                  Sustainability and responsibility     Sustainability performance;
                                      Financial statements –                                                         Responding to climate-related risks
                                      Unaudited financial information          Waiver of emoluments                  Not applicable
Engagement with employees             Corporate governance report –            by a director
                                      Workforce engagement statement           Waiver of future emoluments           Not applicable
Engagement with suppliers,            Stakeholder engagement;                  by a director
customers and others                  Corporate governance report –
                                      Stakeholder engagement                   The Directors’ report of Diageo plc for the year ended 30 June 2021
                                                                               comprises these pages and the sections of the Annual Report referred
Events post 30 June 2021              Not applicable
                                                                               to under ‘Directors’, ‘Corporate governance statement’ and ‘Other
Financial risk management             Financial statements – note 15           information’ above, which are incorporated into the Directors’ report
                                      Financial instruments and                by reference.
                                      risk management
                                                                               In addition, certain disclosures required to be contained in the Directors’
Future developments                   Chairman’s statement;                    report have been incorporated into the ‘Strategic report’ as set out in
                                      Chief Executive’s statement;             ‘Other information’ above.
                                      Our market dynamics
                                                                               The Directors’ report, which has been approved by a duly appointed and
Greenhouse gas emissions              Sustainability performance;              authorised committee of the Board of Directors, was signed on its behalf
                                      Responding to climate-related            by Siobhán Moriarty, the Company Secretary, on 28 July 2021.
                                      risks; Additional information for
                                      shareholders – External limited
                                      assurance of selected ESG
                                      performance data

Interest capitalised                  Not applicable

Non-pre-emptive issues of equity      Not applicable
for cash (including in respect of
major unlisted subsidiaries)

Parent participation in a placing     Not applicable
by a listed subsidiary

Political donations                   Corporate governance report




                                                                                                                     Diageo Annual Report 2021          131
Financial Statements
Introduction and contents
Introduction                                                                      Contents
The group financial statements, which have been prepared in                       Independent auditors' report to the
accordance with international accounting standards in conformity with             members of Diageo plc                                133
the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) adopted pursuant to Regulation               Primary statements
(EC) No 1606/2002 as it applies in the European Union, and IFRS as                Consolidated income statement                        140
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), give a             Consolidated statement of comprehensive income       141
true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit of   Consolidated balance sheet                           142
the group.                                                                        Consolidated statement of changes in equity          143
    The financial statements of Diageo plc (the company) are prepared             Consolidated statement of cash flow                  144
in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and in accordance with                  Accounting information and policies
Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (FRS                1. Accounting information and policies               145
101).
    The financial statements also include ’Unaudited Financial                    Results for the year
Information’ which is not required by the relevant accounting                     2. Segmental information                             147
standards or other regulations but management believes this section               3. Operating costs                                   150
provides important additional information.                                        4. Exceptional items                                 151
                                                                                  5. Finance income and charges                        153
                                                                                  6. Investments in associates and joint ventures      153
                                                                                  7. Taxation                                          154
                                                                                  Operating assets and liabilities
                                                                                  8. Acquisition and sale of businesses and purchase
                                                                                      of non-controlling interests                     157
                                                                                  9. Intangible assets                                 159
                                                                                  10. Property, plant and equipment                    162
                                                                                  11. Leases                                           163
                                                                                  12. Other investments                                163
                                                                                  13. Post employment benefits                         164
                                                                                  14. Working capital                                  168
                                                                                  Risk management and capital structure
                                                                                  15. Financial instruments and risk management        170
                                                                                  16. Net borrowings                                   178
                                                                                  17. Equity                                           180
                                                                                  Other financial information
                                                                                  18. Contingent liabilities and legal proceedings     183
                                                                                  19. Commitments                                      187
                                                                                  20. Related party transactions                       187
                                                                                  21. Principal group companies                        188
                                                                                  Financial statements of the company                  189
                                                                                  Unaudited financial information                      199




 132
132       DIAGEO
       Diageo    Annual
              Annual    Report
                     Report    2021
                            2021
Independent auditors' report to the members of Diageo plc
1. Our unmodified opinion
In our opinion:
–   Diageo plc’s (Diageo) group financial statements and company financial statements (the financial statements) give a true and fair view of the state
    of the group’s and of the company’s affairs as at 30 June 2021 and of the group’s profit and the group’s cash flows for the year then ended;
–   the group financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with international accounting standards in conformity with the
    requirements of the Companies Act 2006;
–   the group financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with both International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) adopted
    pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as it applies in the European Union and with IFRS as issued by the International Accounting Standards
    Board;
–   the company financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice
    (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework”, and applicable law); and
–   the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
Our opinion is consistent with our reporting to the Audit Committee.
What we audited
We have audited the financial statements, included within the Annual Report, which comprise: the consolidated and company balance sheets as at
30 June 2021; the consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of cash flows,
and the consolidated and company statements of changes in equity for the year then ended; and the notes to the financial statements, which
include a description of the significant accounting policies.
Basis for our opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our responsibilities under ISAs
(UK) are further described in ‘The scope of an audit and our responsibility’ section of this report. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Our independence
We remained independent of Diageo in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the




                                                                                                                                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
United Kingdom, which includes the Financial Reporting Council’s (FRC) Ethical Standard, as applicable to listed public interest entities, and we have
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that non-audit services prohibited by the FRC’s Ethical Standard were not provided to Diageo.
Other than those disclosed in note 3(b) to the financial statements, we have provided no non-audit services to Diageo or its controlled undertakings
in the period under audit.
PwC was initially appointed by you on 15 October 2015, and has acted for six uninterrupted years. This is the first year that Richard Oldfield has acted
as the Senior Statutory Auditor, with other changes in senior audit team members reflecting required partner rotation in the United States, Great
Britain, Nigeria and India.
Our independence, including the nature and size of non-audit services provided, and partner rotations were reviewed during the year by the Audit
Committee.
2. Our audit
The scope of an audit and our responsibility
An audit has an important role in providing confidence in the financial statements that are provided by companies to their members. The scope of an
audit is sometimes not fully understood. We believe that it is important that you understand the scope and the concept of materiality in order to
understand the assurance that this opinion provides. A description of the scope of an audit is provided on the FRC’s website at www.frc.org.uk/
auditorsresponsibilities; we recommend that you read this description carefully. It is also important that you understand the inherent limitations of
the audit, for example:
–   the risk of not detecting a material misstatement due to fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting one resulting from error, as fraud may
    involve deliberate concealment by, for example, forgery or intentional misrepresentations, or through collusion; and
–   whilst our audit testing includes, in a limited number of cases, testing of complete populations of certain transactions and balances,
    predominantly using data auditing techniques, e.g. the testing of manual journals and the deactivation of leaver accounts on key applications, in
    most cases it involves selecting a limited number of items for testing. We target particular items for testing based on their size or risk
    characteristics. In other cases, we will use audit sampling to enable us to draw a conclusion about the population from which the sample is
    selected. An approach based upon sampling may not identify all issues.
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance that the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
or error, and to issue a report to you that includes our opinion. This opinion is not over any particular number or disclosure. Reasonable assurance is a
high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when
it exists. Misstatements are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions you take on the basis of these financial statements.
Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We designed procedures in line with our responsibilities,
capable of detecting material misstatements caused by such irregularities, albeit these are subject to the inherent limitations discussed above. We
focused on any known and potential instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations that could give rise to a material misstatement in the
financial statements, including, but not limited to, the Companies Act 2006, the Listing Rules, antitrust and competition laws, anti-bribery legislation,
and international tax legislation. Examples of the procedures which we performed included:




                                                                                                                  DIAGEO
                                                                                                                    DiageoAnnual Report
                                                                                                                            Annual      2021
                                                                                                                                   Report 2021        133
–   gaining an understanding of the legal and regulatory framework applicable to Diageo and the alcoholic beverage industry, and considering the
    risk of acts by Diageo which are contrary to applicable laws and regulations, including fraud;
– reviewing correspondence with regulators, including the Securities and Exchange Commission and the tax authorities in Diageo’s key markets;
– assessing matters reported through the group’s whistleblowing programme and the results of management’s investigation in so far as they
    related to the financial statements;
– challenging assumptions and judgements made by management in its significant accounting estimates, in particular in relation to key audit
    matters;
– agreeing the financial statement disclosures to underlying supporting documentation; and
– inspecting correspondence with legal advisors and internal audit reports in so far as they related to the financial statements.
We also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including testing journals, and evaluated whether there was evidence of bias
by the Directors that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud. We did not identify any key audit matters specific to irregularities,
including fraud.
How we structured our audit
We tailored our audit taking into account the structure of the group and company, the accounting processes and controls, and the alcoholic
beverage industry. There were three important aspects of our work;
1) Audit work performed on individual business units
   We received opinions from PwC member firms which had been appointed as the auditors of twenty three group business units, either in relation
   to all of the financial information or specific accounts and balances. This included nineteen operating business units and four treasury business
   units. We also obtained reporting from a non-PwC member firm over the financial information of Moët Hennessy, the group’s principal associate.
    In November 2020 we hosted a meeting for senior staff from PwC member firms involved in the audit. At this meeting we considered
    developments specific to Diageo, key audit matters and changes to the audit necessitated by the Covid pandemic, such as alternative virtual
    procedures if attendance at physical inventory counts was not possible.
    We issued formal, written instructions to each business unit audit team setting out the work to be performed by each of them. We were in active
    dialogue throughout the year with the teams responsible for these audits; this included consideration of how they planned and performed their
    work. We had hoped to visit the audit teams and local Diageo management. However, due to restrictions on travel as a result of the Covid
    pandemic, we used video conferencing to oversee each team and to meet with key management personnel. Senior team members attended via
    video conference the final audit meetings for certain business units, including North America, Great Britain, Global Business Operations (GBO)
    Budapest, Moët Hennessy and India. During these meetings, the findings reported by each of the audit teams were discussed. We evaluated the
    sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained through discussions with each team and a review of the audit working papers.
2) Audit work performed at shared service centres
   A significant amount of operational processes which are critical to financial reporting are undertaken in the GBO captive shared business service
   centres in Hungary, Colombia and India. PwC teams in these locations tested controls and transactions which supported the financial information
   for each of the twenty three business units in scope, to ensure that adequate audit evidence was obtained.
3) Audit procedures undertaken at a group level and on the company.
   We ensured that appropriate further audit work was undertaken at a group level and for the company. This work included auditing, for example,
   the consolidation of the group’s results, the preparation of the financial statements, certain disclosures within the Directors’ remuneration report,
   litigation provisions and exposures and management’s entity level and oversight controls relevant to financial reporting. We also performed work
   centrally for the audit of technology systems and IT general controls, goodwill and intangible assets, taxation, and one-off transactions, including
   acquisitions, undertaken during the year.
Collectively, these three areas of work covered 72% of group net sales, 84% of group total assets, and 76% of group profit before tax and exceptional
items.
In planning our audit we continued to embrace innovation in the audit process. This included for example enhanced use of data analytics to identify
fraud, and the deployment of technology and tools to allow for more precise scoping, enhanced risk assessment procedures, more targeted testing
and real time reporting of work performed by different teams with full visibility to management and the Audit Committee.
Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of the concept of materiality. We set certain quantitative thresholds for materiality. These,
together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures on
the individual financial statement line items (FSLIs) and disclosures and in evaluating the effect of misstatements.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined materiality for the financial statements as a whole as follows:




 134
134       DIAGEO
       Diageo    Annual
              Annual    Report
                     Report    2021
                            2021
                             Group                                                             Company

Overall materiality          £184m (2020: £191m).                                              £291m (2020: £299m),
                                                                                               For the purposes of the group audit, we lowered
                                                                                               materiality to £16m (2020: £26m), other than for those
                                                                                               balances which were eliminated on consolidation.
How we determined it         5% of the three-year weighted average profit before taxation      0.5% of net assets.
                             and exceptional items (as defined in note 4).                     This approach has not changed compared to the prior
                             This approach has not changed compared to the prior year.         year.
Why we believe this is       In assessing Diageo’s performance you exclude items               We consider a net asset measure to reflect the nature of
appropriate                  identified by management as exceptional.                          the company, which primarily acts as a holding
                             Therefore we have used profit before taxation and exceptional     company for the group’s investments and holds certain
                             items which is a generally accepted auditing benchmark.           liabilities on the balance sheet.
                             The Covid pandemic introduced some volatility into the            The results of procedures performed over balances and
                             environment faced by Diageo during both 2021 and 2020,            transactions contributing to the group’s overall results
                             albeit the group’s size, strategy and products were not           were used to support our group opinion.
                             materially negatively impacted.
                             In such situations, auditing standards allow for the use of an
                             average of the current and prior periods to appropriately
                             reflect the size of the business.
We asked each of the teams reporting on the individual business units to work to assigned materiality levels which reflected the size of the operations
they audited. This materiality will differ from that used in any external audit of the separate financial statements for these business units, for example
the materiality used for the company balance sheet and reported profit was lowered to £16m for the group audit as described in the table. The range
of materiality allocated across the business unit audits was between £12m (Spain) and £130m (North America).
When planning the audit, we considered if multiple misstatements may exist which, when aggregated, could exceed our overall materiality level. In
order to reduce the risk of multiple misstatements which could aggregate to this amount we used a lower level of materiality, known as performance
materiality to identify the individual balances, classes of transactions and disclosures that were subject to audit. Our performance materiality was
£138m for the group and £218m for the company, being 75% of overall materiality for both the group and company financial statements. In
determining this amount, we considered a number of factors - the history of low levels of misstatements, our risk assessment and the effectiveness of
controls - and concluded that an amount at the upper end of our normal range was appropriate.
Where the audit identified any items that were not reflected appropriately in the financial information, we considered these items carefully to assess if




                                                                                                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
they were individually or in aggregate material. We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to them misstatements identified which
were qualitatively significant or which exceeded £9m (2020: £9.5m). This amount was also £9m for the company (2020: £9.5m). The Audit Committee
was responsible for deciding whether adjustments should be made to the financial statements in respect of those items. The Directors concluded
that all items which remained unadjusted were not material to the financial statements, either individually or in aggregate. We agreed with their
conclusion.
Key audit matters
We attended each of the six Audit Committee and sub-Committee meetings held during the year. Part of each meeting involved a private discussion
without management present. We also met with the Chair of the Audit Committee on an ad-hoc basis. During these various conversations we
discussed our observations on a variety of accounting matters, and observations on controls over financial reporting. In December, the Audit
Committee discussed and challenged the audit plan. The plan included the matters which we considered presented the highest risk to the audit (the
key audit matters) and other information on our audit approach such as our approach to specific balances, the audit of journals and where the latest
technology would be used to obtain better quality audit evidence.
The areas of highest risk to the group audit and where we focused most effort and resource, were;
–   Carrying value of goodwill and brand intangible assets;
–   Uncertain tax positions in respect of direct and indirect taxes; and
–   Valuation of post employment benefit liabilities.
To help you understand their impact on the audit, we have listed them in order of decreasing audit effort. Most of these areas are common with other
international beverage companies. Relative to the previous year, we believe that the presentation of exceptional items, and provisions and
contingent liabilities, no longer represented key audit matters to the group or because of a reduction in the level of judgement involved and lower
potential quantitative impacts. We shared this risk assessment with the auditors of each business unit so that they could include appropriate audit
procedures in response to such risks in their work.
We have included in an appendix to this report an explanation of each item, why it was discussed and how the audit approach was tailored to
address the concerns.
The Covid pandemic continued to impact the group and company, particularly disruption to the on-trade channel, albeit as described in the Strategic
Review, in many markets this was offset by improved performance in the off-trade and online channels resulting in improved trading in the majority
of business units which we audited. Our audit did consider whether the control environment had deteriorated as a result of the pandemic and
remote working, whether the trading environment had caused significant negative impacts on the recoverability of trade debtors, and how predicted
future results used in management’s models reflect the potential impacts of the pandemic. Our amended approach to the oversight of work
performed by business unit teams is set out above, and how the Covid pandemic impacted our work on the valuation of goodwill and intangible
assets is included in the appendix.
The value of the company’s investment in subsidiary undertakings was identified as a key audit matter in the previous year principally because of a
group restructuring discussed in note 3(a). As this restructuring did not reoccur, it was no longer deemed a key audit matter. As the sponsoring
company for the United Kingdom schemes, valuation of post employment benefit liabilities was also identified as a key audit matter for the company.




                                                                                                                 DIAGEO
                                                                                                                   DiageoAnnual Report
                                                                                                                           Annual      2021
                                                                                                                                  Report 2021         135
Climate change
There has been increasing interest from members as to how climate change will impact the business. For Diageo, the most significant future impacts
will be managing water scarcity, and reducing carbon in the supply chain.
By their nature financial statements present historical information which does not fully capture future events. However, we designed our audit
procedures to specifically consider those assets whose values are determined through modeling future cash flows. Most notably, we audited how the
group considered climate impacts on the cash flows that support goodwill and brand indefinite intangibles. We also challenged how the Directors
considered climate change in their assessment of going concern and viability. We ensured that the assumptions used by management in the
financial statements are consistent with the disclosures on pages 50-55 made in response to the recommendations of the Task Force for Climate
related Financial Disclosures. These unaudited disclosures provide more information for you on the potential future risks and opportunities for the
business which the group has identified as a result of climate change.
The accuracy of Diageo's progress against its climate ambitions set out on pages 39-40 is not included within the scope of this audit. However, PwC
was separately engaged to provide to the Directors limited assurance, a standard substantially less in scope than that of an audit, over selected
disclosures in the separate ESG Reporting Index 2021 which is referred to on page 201.
3. Our conclusions relating to going concern
Based on the work we have performed, which included understanding and evaluating the group’s financial forecasts and the stress testing of
liquidity, assessing and testing risk factors that could impact the going concern basis of accounting such as the Covid pandemic, and testing amounts
of debt maturing during the assessment period, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that, individually or
collectively, may cast doubt on the group's and the company’s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least twelve months from
when the financial statements are authorised for issue.
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the
financial statements is appropriate. However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this conclusion is not a guarantee as to the
group's and the company's ability to continue as a going concern.
In relation to the Directors’ reporting on how they have applied the United Kingdom Corporate Governance Code (the Code), we have nothing
material to add or draw attention to in relation to the Directors’ statement in the financial statements about whether the Directors considered it
appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting.
Our responsibilities and those of the Directors with respect to going concern are described in the relevant sections of this report.
4. Reporting on other information
The other information comprises all of the information in the Annual Report other than the financial statements and this report. Our opinion on the
financial statements does not cover the other information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion or, except to the extent otherwise
explicitly stated in this report, any form of assurance thereon.
Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether it is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our
knowledge obtained during the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify an apparent material inconsistency or material
misstatement, we are required to perform procedures to conclude whether there is a material misstatement of the financial statements or a material
misstatement of the other information. If, based on this work, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report based on these responsibilities.
Strategic Report and Directors’ Report
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit, the information given in the Strategic Report and Directors’ Report for the
year ended 30 June 2021 is consistent with the financial statements and has been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements.
In light of the knowledge and understanding of the group and company and their environment obtained in the course of the audit, we did not
identify any material misstatements in the Strategic Report and Directors’ Report.
Directors’ Remuneration
In our opinion, the part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report to be audited has been properly prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.
Corporate governance statement
The Listing Rules require us to review the Directors’ statements in relation to longer-term viability and that part of the corporate governance
statement relating to the company’s compliance with the provisions of the Code specified for our review.
Having completed this work, we have concluded that each of the following elements of the corporate governance statement is materially consistent
with the financial statements and our knowledge obtained during the audit, and we have nothing material to add or draw attention to in relation to;
–   the Directors’ confirmation on page 97 that they have carried out a robust assessment of the emerging and principal risks;
–   the disclosures in the Annual Report that describe those principal risks, what procedures are in place to identify emerging risks and an explanation
    of how these are being managed or mitigated;
–   the Directors’ statement in the financial statements about whether they considered it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of
    accounting in preparing them, and their identification of any material uncertainties to the group’s and company’s ability to continue to do so
    over a period of at least twelve months from the date of approval of the financial statements;
–   the Directors’ explanation on page 49 as to their assessment of the group's and company’s prospects, the period this assessment covers and why
    the period is appropriate;
–   the Directors’ statement as to whether they have a reasonable expectation that the company will be able to continue in operation and meet its
    liabilities as they fall due over the period of its assessment, including any related disclosures drawing attention to any necessary qualifications or
    assumptions;
–   the Directors’ statement that they consider the Annual Report, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable, and provides the
    information necessary for the members to assess the group’s and company's position, performance, business model and strategy;
–   the section of the Annual Report that describes the review of effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems; and
–   the section of the Annual Report describing the work of the Audit Committee.


 136
136       DIAGEO
       Diageo    Annual
              Annual    Report
                     Report    2021
                            2021
We have nothing to report in respect of our responsibility to report when the Directors’ statement relating to the company’s compliance with the
Code does not properly disclose a departure from a relevant provision of the Code specified under the Listing Rules for review by the auditors.
Our review was substantially less in scope than an audit and consisted of making inquiries and considering the Directors’ process supporting their
statements; checking that the statements are in alignment with the relevant provisions of the Code; and considering whether the statements are
consistent with the knowledge and understanding of the group and company and their environment obtained in the course of the audit.
5. Exception reporting required by the Companies Act
2006
We are required to report to you if, in our opinion:
–   we have not obtained all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or
–   adequate accounting records have not been kept by the company, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not
    visited by us; or
–   certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
–   the company financial statements and the part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report to be audited are not in agreement with the accounting
    records and returns.
We have no exceptions to report arising from this responsibility.
6. Responsibilities of the Directors
As explained more fully in the Responsibility Statement set out on page 98, the Directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial
statements in accordance with the applicable framework and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view. The Directors are also responsible
for the internal controls they determine are necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the group’s and the company’s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either
intend to liquidate the group or the company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
The Directors are also responsible for the other information referenced above.
7. Use of this report
This report, including the opinions, has been prepared for and only for the company’s members as a body in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of
the Companies Act 2006 and for no other purpose. We do not, in giving these opinions, accept or assume responsibility for any other purpose or to




                                                                                                                                                           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
any other person to whom this report is shown or into whose hands it may come save where expressly agreed by our prior consent in writing.




Richard Oldfield (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors
London
28 July 2021




                                                                                                               DIAGEO
                                                                                                                 DiageoAnnual Report
                                                                                                                         Annual      2021
                                                                                                                                Report 2021          137
Appendix: Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements and include
the most significant assessed risks of potential material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) identified by us. They include those which had
the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the audit team. These matters, and
any comments we make on the results of our procedures, were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
This is not a complete list of all risks identified by our audit.

Valuation of goodwill and brand intangible assets
Nature of the Key Audit Matter
Impacted FSLIs                                                                                                                    2021                  2020

Goodwill                                                                                                                     £1,957m                £1,912m
Brands                                                                                                                       £7,361m                £7,755m
Goodwill and brand assets have been recognised as a result of acquisitions, in the current and prior years. Diageo is required to perform testing of
the recoverable amounts of these assets at least annually because they are deemed to have an indefinite life and are therefore not amortised.
Testing was primarily performed by Diageo over goodwill on a number of cash generating units (CGUs) in December and impairment triggers
considered upto the balance sheet date. The testing of brands was principally undertaken in May. The testing, with supporting sensitivity analyses,
calculated the value in use (VIU) and fair value less cost of disposal and compared this amount to the carrying value. VIU was predominantly used,
unless management believed that fair value less cost of disposal would result in a higher recoverable amount for any CGU or brand.
Certain CGUs and brands were identified as being sensitive to reasonable changes in significant assumptions and are required to be disclosed in the
Annual Report.
The methodology in the models is dependent on various assumptions, both short term and long term in nature. These assumptions, which are
subject to estimation uncertainty, are derived from a combination of management’s judgement, experts engaged by management and market
data. The significant assumptions that we focused our audit on were those with greater levels of management judgement and for which variations
had the most significant impact on the recoverable amounts. Specifically, these included Diageo’s strategic plans for fiscal years 2022 to 2024
including long-term growth rates, discount rates, and forecasts for volume, revenue and operating profit growth.
The discussion with the Audit Committee
We discussed with the Audit Committee the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine the recoverable values of the goodwill
in India and Turkey, the Windsor and Bell’s brands, and the portfolio of USL (India) brands.
These discussions covered;
– the macroeconomic environment;
– Diageo’s trading and financial performance in the context of the Covid pandemic and the impact this may have on future performance;
– the consistency of assumptions of the impact of climate change with the impacts discussed in the unaudited disclosures on pages 50-55 in
     response to the recommendations of the Task Force for Climate related Financial Disclosures;
– reasonably possible alternatives for significant assumptions for example, the appropriateness of discount rates relative to our independently
     calculated ranges; and
– the disclosures made in relation to goodwill and brand intangibles, including the use of sensitivity analysis to explain estimation uncertainty and
     the conditions that would result in an impairment being recognised.
How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
For acquisitions which occurred during the year we agreed the recognition of brands to reports produced by management’s experts and, where
significant, independently tested the valuation methodology used; and we agreed the mathematical accuracy of the calculation of goodwill.
We validated the appropriateness of the CGUs selected.
We evaluated the design and operation of controls in place over the VIU methodologies and selection of the significant assumptions used.
We agreed the mathematical accuracy of the calculations, to estimate the VIU.
In respect of the significant assumptions, our testing included the following:
–   challenging the achievability of management’s strategic plan and the prospects for Diageo’s businesses for the specific CGUs and brands. We
    paid particular attention to achievement of the strategic plan in light of the Covid pandemic;
– obtaining and evaluating evidence where available for critical data relating to significant assumptions of forecasted growth, from a combination
    of historic experience, external market (e.g. IWSR, the leading source of data and analysis on the global beverage alcohol market) and other
    financial information;
– assessing whether the cash flows included in the model were in accordance with the accounting standard IAS 36 - “Impairment of Assets”;
– independently assessing the sensitivity of the VIU to reasonable variations in significant assumptions, both individually and in aggregate; and
– determining a reasonable range for the discount rate used within the model, with the assistance of PwC valuation experts, and comparing it to
    the discount rate used by management.
We evaluated and tested the disclosures made in the Annual Report in relation to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles, and considered them to
be reasonable.
Relevant references in Annual Report
Note 1(e) - Critical accounting estimates and judgements                                                                     Note 9 - Intangible assets




 138
138         DIAGEO
         Diageo    Annual
                Annual    Report
                       Report    2021
                              2021
Uncertain tax positions in respect of direct and indirect taxes
Nature of the Key Audit Matter
Impacted FSLIs                                                                                                                  2021                  2020

Corporate tax receivables                                                                                                    £145m                 £190m
Corporate tax payable                                                                                                        £146m                 £246m
Provision for direct tax contingencies                                                                                       £129m                 £189m
The group operates across a large number of jurisdictions and in the normal course of business is subject to periodic challenges by tax authorities on
a range of matters, including transfer pricing, direct and indirect taxes, and transaction related matters. In common with all alcohol beverage
companies, taxation is particularly challenging because of specific alcohol duties and international distribution of certain brands.
Diageo makes judgements in assessing the likelihood of potentially material exposures and develops estimates to determine provisions where
required. Of particular significance are direct and indirect tax assessments in less mature markets and assessments relating to financing and transfer
pricing structures. The impact of a more aggressive tax stance by tax authorities to deal with government financing requirements following the Covid
pandemic, and, in certain instances, changes in local tax regulations, and ongoing inspections by local tax and customs authorities and international
bodies could materially impact the amounts recorded in the group financial statements.
The discussion with the Audit Committee
We discussed with the Audit Committee the judgements taken by management in assessing the risk of a potentially material exposure, and the
significant assumptions used by management in determining the level of provisioning. Our discussions specifically covered matters in Brazil, India
and the United Kingdom. We also discussed the disclosures, including those made in note 7 to the Annual Report.
How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
We evaluated the design and implementation of controls in respect of identifying uncertain tax positions, and the related accounting policy for
provisioning for tax exposures.
PwC tax specialists gained an understanding of the current status of tax assessments and investigations and monitored developments in ongoing
disputes. We read recent rulings and correspondence with tax authorities, as well as external advice provided by the group’s tax experts and legal
advisors to satisfy ourselves that the tax provisions had been appropriately recorded or adjusted to reflect the latest developments.
Where the basis for the conclusion reached was less clear, we challenged the advice from legal advisors and tax experts on how their view was
reached. We also challenged management’s key assumptions, in particular on cases where there had been significant developments with tax
authorities.
We agreed the mathematical accuracy of the provision calculation,
We evaluated and tested the related disclosures in relation to uncertain tax positions, and considered them to be reasonable.




                                                                                                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Relevant references in Annual Report
Note 1(e) - Critical accounting estimates and judgements                                                        Note 7 - Taxation
Note 4 - Exceptional items                                                                                      Note 14 - Working capital
Note 5 - Finance income and charges                                                                             Note 18 - Contingent liabilities and legal
                                                                                                                proceedings

Valuation of post employment benefit liabilities
Nature of the Key Audit Matter
Impacted FSLI                                                                                                                   2021                  2020

Post employment benefit liabilities                                                                                        £9,445m               £10,057m
The most significant post employment plans giving rise to the defined benefit liabilities are in the United Kingdom, Ireland and the United States.
The valuation of pension plan liabilities is dependent on a number of actuarial assumptions. Management uses external actuaries to assist in
determining these assumptions, and to determine the valuation of the defined benefit obligation.The experts use valuation methodologies that
require a number of market based inputs and other financial and demographic assumptions, including salary increases, mortality rates, discount rates,
inflation levels and the impact of any changes in individual pension plans. The significant assumptions that we focused our audit on were those with
greater levels of management judgement, and for which variations had the most significant impact on the liabilities.
Specifically, these included the discount rates, inflation rates and mortality rates.
The discussion with the Audit Committee
We discussed with the Audit Committee the methodologies and significant assumptions used by management to determine the value of the
defined benefit liabilities for the significant plans.
We discussed a number of specific matters, including;
– the methodology for calculating the rate of future price increases following the Retail Prices Index reform in the United Kingdom, because it is
  dependent upon an assumption which is subjective and sensitive; and
– the impact of gender equalisation for guaranteed minimum pension benefits.
How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
We evaluated the design and implementation of controls in place over the methodologies and the significant assumptions. We also evaluated the
objectivity and competence of Diageo’s experts involved in the valuation of the defined benefit obligations.
Our actuarial experts assessed the appropriateness of the methodology used to estimate the liabilities, and to review the calculations prepared by
Diageo’s actuarial experts. They also understood the judgments made by Diageo and their actuarial experts in determining the significant
assumptions, and compared these assumptions to our independently compiled expected ranges based on market observable indices, relevant
national and industry benchmarks, and our market experience, for the significant plans.
Based on our procedures, we considered management’s significant assumptions to be within reasonable ranges. We evaluated and tested the related
disclosures in relation to the defined benefit obligation, and considered them to be reasonable.
Relevant references in Annual Report
Note 1(e) - Critical accounting estimates and judgements                                                      Note 4 - Exceptional items
Note 3(d) - Exceptional operating items                                                                       Note 13 - Post employment benefits


                                                                                                                 DIAGEO
                                                                                                                   DiageoAnnual Report
                                                                                                                           Annual      2021
                                                                                                                                  Report 2021        139
Consolidated income statement
                                                                                                   Year ended      Year ended      Year ended
                                                                                                  30 June 2021    30 June 2020    30 June 2019
                                                                                          Notes       £ million       £ million       £ million
Sales                                                                                        2       19,153          17,697          19,294
Excise duties                                                                                3        (6,420)         (5,945)         (6,427)
Net sales                                                                                    2       12,733          11,752          12,867
Cost of sales                                                                                3        (5,038)         (4,654)         (4,866)
Gross profit                                                                                           7,695           7,098           8,001
Marketing                                                                                    3        (2,163)         (1,841)         (2,042)
Other operating items                                                                        3        (1,801)         (3,120)         (1,917)
Operating profit                                                                                       3,731           2,137           4,042
Non-operating items                                                                          4             14             (23)           144
Finance income                                                                               5           278             366             442
Finance charges                                                                              5          (651)           (719)           (705)
Share of after tax results of associates and joint ventures                                  6           334             282             312
Profit before taxation                                                                                 3,706           2,043           4,235
Taxation                                                                                     7          (907)           (589)           (898)
Profit for the year                                                                                    2,799           1,454           3,337


Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the parent company                                                              2,660           1,409           3,160
Non-controlling interests                                                                                139               45            177
                                                                                                       2,799           1,454           3,337


Weighted average number of shares                                                                      million         million         million

Shares in issue excluding own shares                                                                   2,337           2,346           2,418
Dilutive potential ordinary shares                                                                           8              8              10
                                                                                                       2,345           2,354           2,428


                                                                                                        pence           pence           pence

Basic earnings per share                                                                               113.8            60.1           130.7
Diluted earnings per share                                                                             113.4            59.9           130.1

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




 140
140        DIAGEO
        Diageo    Annual
               Annual    Report
                      Report    2021
                             2021
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                                                                                           Year ended      Year ended      Year ended
                                                                                          30 June 2021    30 June 2020    30 June 2019
                                                                                              £ million       £ million       £ million

Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be recycled subsequently to the income statement
Net remeasurement of post employment plans
   Group                                                                                           16              38              33
   Associates and joint ventures                                                                     3            (14)               2
Tax on post employment plans                                                                      (46)            (21)               1
                                                                                                  (27)               3             36
Items that may be recycled subsequently to the income statement
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations
   Group                                                                                      (1,233)           (104)            274
   Associates and joint ventures                                                                (240)              82              19
   Non-controlling interests                                                                    (173)             (37)             55
Net investment hedges                                                                            810            (227)             (93)
Exchange loss recycled to the income statement
   On translation of foreign operations                                                            —                 4             —
Tax on exchange differences – group                                                                 (9)              4            (19)
Tax on exchange differences – non-controlling interests                                             (1)            —               —
Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges
   Hedge of foreign currency debt of the group                                                  (298)            221             180
   Transaction exposure hedging of the group                                                     101              (43)            (86)
   Hedges by associates and joint ventures                                                          (1)              6              (6)




                                                                                                                                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   Commodity price risk hedging of the group                                                       41             (11)              (9)
   Recycled to income statement – hedge of foreign currency debt of the group                    175              (75)            (82)
   Recycled to income statement – transaction exposure hedging of the group                        10              42              45
   Recycled to income statement – commodity price risk hedging of the group                         (2)              8             —
Tax on effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges                               (6)           (23)            (11)
Hyperinflation adjustment                                                                         (17)            (18)            (22)
Tax on hyperinflation adjustment                                                                     5               4               6
                                                                                                (838)           (167)            251
Other comprehensive (loss)/profit, net of tax, for the year                                     (865)           (164)            287
Profit for the year                                                                            2,799           1,454           3,337
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                        1,934           1,290           3,624


Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the parent company                                                      1,969           1,282           3,392
Non-controlling interests                                                                         (35)               8           232
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                        1,934           1,290           3,624

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




 DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                  Diageo Annual Report 2021            141
                                                                                                                                 141
Consolidated balance sheet
                                                                                                   30 June 2021                  30 June 2020
                                                                                     Notes      £ million         £ million   £ million         £ million

Non-current assets
Intangible assets                                                                       9       10,764                        11,300
Property, plant and equipment                                                          10        4,849                         4,926
Biological assets                                                                                    66                            51
Investments in associates and joint ventures                                            6        3,308                         3,557
Other investments                                                                      12            40                            41
Other receivables                                                                      14            36                            46
Other financial assets                                                                 15          327                           686
Deferred tax assets                                                                     7          100                           119
Post employment benefit assets                                                         13        1,018                         1,111
                                                                                                                  20,508                        21,837
Current assets
Inventories                                                                            14        6,045                         5,772
Trade and other receivables                                                            14        2,385                         2,111
Corporate tax receivables                                                               7          145                           190
Other financial assets                                                                 15          121                             75
Cash and cash equivalents                                                              16        2,749                         3,323
                                                                                                                  11,445                        11,471
Total assets                                                                                                      31,953                        33,308
Current liabilities
Borrowings and bank overdrafts                                                         16       (1,862)                        (1,995)
Other financial liabilities                                                            15         (257)                         (389)
Share buyback liability                                                                17           (91)                           —
Trade and other payables                                                               14       (4,648)                        (3,683)
Corporate tax payables                                                                  7         (146)                         (246)
Provisions                                                                             14         (138)                         (183)
                                                                                                                   (7,142)                       (6,496)
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings                                                                             16      (12,865)                       (14,790)
Other financial liabilities                                                            15         (384)                         (393)
Other payables                                                                         14         (338)                         (175)
Provisions                                                                             14         (274)                         (293)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                7       (1,945)                        (1,972)
Post employment benefit liabilities                                                    13         (574)                         (749)
                                                                                                                  (16,380)                      (18,372)
Total liabilities                                                                                                 (23,522)                      (24,868)
Net assets                                                                                                         8,431                         8,440
Equity
Share capital                                                                          17          741                           742
Share premium                                                                                    1,351                         1,351
Other reserves                                                                                   1,621                         2,272
Retained earnings                                                                                3,184                         2,407
Equity attributable to equity shareholders of the parent company                                                   6,897                         6,772
Non-controlling interests                                                              17                          1,534                         1,668
Total equity                                                                                                       8,431                         8,440

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
    These consolidated financial statements have been approved by a duly appointed and authorised committee of the Board of Directors on
28 July 2021 and were signed on its behalf by Ivan Menezes and Lavanya Chandrashekar, Directors.




 142
142         DIAGEO
         Diageo    Annual
                Annual    Report
                       Report    2021
                              2021
Consolidated statement of changes in equity
                                                                                    Other reserves            Retained earnings/(deficit)
                                                                                                                                                         Equity
                                                                                                Hedging                                            attributable
                                                                                     Capital         and                   Other                      to parent      Non-
                                                             Share     Share    redemption     exchange         Own     retained                      company controlling       Total
                                                            capital premium         reserve      reserve      shares    earnings       Total      shareholders   interests     equity
                                                          £ million £ million      £ million    £ million   £ million   £ million   £ million          £ million £ million   £ million

At 30 June 2018                                              780      1,349          3,163       (1,030)     (2,144)      7,830       5,686            9,948        1,765    11,713
Profit for the year                                            —         —              —             —          —        3,160       3,160            3,160         177       3,337
Other comprehensive income                                     —         —              —            212         —           20          20              232           55        287
Total comprehensive income for the year                        —         —              —            212         —       3,180       3,180             3,392         232      3,624
Employee share schemes                                         —         —              —             —         118         (49)         69                69          —          69
Share-based incentive plans                                    —         —              —             —          —           49          49                49          —          49
Share-based incentive plans in respect of associates           —         —              —             —          —             3            3               3          —            3
Tax on share-based incentive plans                             —         —              —             —          —           20          20                20          —          20
Shares issued                                                  —           1            —             —          —           —           —                  1          —            1
Purchase of non-controlling interests (note 8)                 —         —              —             —          —         (694)       (694)             (694)        (90)      (784)
Non-controlling interest in respect of new subsidiary          —         —              —             —          —           —           —                 —            2           2
Change in fair value of put option                             —         —              —             —          —            (3)           (3)            (3)         —           (3)
Share buyback programme                                       (27)       —              27            —          —       (2,801)     (2,801)           (2,801)         —      (2,801)
Dividends paid                                                 —         —              —             —          —       (1,623)     (1,623)           (1,623)       (114)    (1,737)
At 30 June 2019                                              753      1,350          3,190         (818)     (2,026)      5,912       3,886            8,361        1,795    10,156
Profit for the year                                            —         —              —             —          —        1,409       1,409            1,409           45      1,454
Other comprehensive loss                                       —         —              —          (116)         —          (11)        (11)             (127)        (37)      (164)
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                 —         —              —         (116)          —       1,398       1,398             1,282            8     1,290
Employee share schemes                                         —         —              —             —          90         (36)         54                54          —          54




                                                                                                                                                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Share-based incentive plans                                    —         —              —             —          —             2            2               2          —            2
Share-based incentive plans in respect of associates           —         —              —             —          —             4            4               4          —            4
Tax on share-based incentive plans                             —         —              —             —          —             1            1               1          —            1
Share based payments and purchase of treasury shares in
  respect of subsidiaries                                      —         —              —             —          —            (1)           (1)            (1)         —           (1)
Shares issued                                                  —           1            —             —          —           —           —                  1          —            1
Transfers                                                      —         —              —              5         —            (5)           (5)            —           —          —
Purchase of non-controlling interests (note 8)                 —         —              —             —          —          (39)        (39)              (39)        (23)       (62)
Non-controlling interest in respect of new subsidiary          —         —              —             —          —           —           —                 —            5           5
Change in fair value of put option                             —         —              —             —          —             9            9               9          —            9
Share buyback programme                                       (11)       —              11            —          —       (1,256)     (1,256)           (1,256)         —      (1,256)
Dividends paid                                                 —         —              —             —          —       (1,646)     (1,646)           (1,646)       (117)    (1,763)
At 30 June 2020                                              742      1,351         3,201         (929)     (1,936)      4,343       2,407             6,772       1,668      8,440
Profit for the year                                            —         —              —             —          —       2,660       2,660             2,660         139      2,799
Other comprehensive loss                                       —         —              —         (652)          —          (39)        (39)            (691)       (174)      (865)
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                 —         —              —         (652)          —       2,621       2,621             1,969          (35)    1,934
Employee share schemes                                         —         —              —             —          59         (10)         49               49           —          49
Share-based incentive plans                                    —         —              —             —          —           49          49               49           —          49
Share-based incentive plans in respect of associates           —         —              —             —          —             3            3               3          —            3
Tax on share-based incentive plans                             —         —              —             —          —             9            9               9          —            9
Purchase of non-controlling interests (note 8)                 —         —              —             —          —          (15)        (15)              (15)        (27)       (42)
Associates' transactions with non-controlling interests        —         —              —             —          —          (91)        (91)              (91)         —         (91)
Change in fair value of put option                             —         —              —             —          —            (2)         (2)              (2)         —           (2)
Share buyback programme                                        (1)       —                1           —          —        (200)       (200)             (200)          —       (200)
Dividends declared                                             —         —              —             —          —      (1,646) (1,646)               (1,646)         (72)   (1,718)
At 30 June 2021                                              741      1,351         3,202       (1,581)     (1,877)      5,061       3,184             6,897       1,534      8,431

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




 DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                                            Diageo Annual Report 2021                  143
                                                                                                                                                                                 143
Consolidated statement of cash flows
                                                                             Year ended 30 June 2021         Year ended 30 June 2020      Year ended 30 June 2019
                                                                     Notes     £ million       £ million   £ million        £ million   £ million        £ million

Cash flows from operating activities
Profit for the year                                                             2,799                       1,454                        3,337
Taxation                                                                          907                         589                          898
Share of after tax results of associates and joint ventures                       (334)                      (282)                        (312)
Net finance charges                                                               373                         353                          263
Non-operating items                                                                (14)                         23                        (144)
Operating profit                                                                                3,731                        2,137                        4,042
Increase in inventories                                                           (443)                      (366)                        (434)
(Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables                                (446)                       523                            11
Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables and provisions                  1,220                        (485)                         201
Net decrease/(increase) in working capital                                                        331                         (328)                        (222)
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment                                          447                      1,839                          374
Dividends received                                                                 290                            4                        168
Post employment payments less amounts included in operating profit                 (30)                      (109)                        (121)
Other items                                                                         88                         (14)                          64
                                                                                                  795                        1,720                          485
Cash generated from operations                                                                  4,857                        3,529                        4,305
Interest received                                                                   89                        185                          216
Interest paid                                                                     (440)                      (493)                        (468)
Taxation paid                                                                     (852)                      (901)                        (805)
                                                                                               (1,203)                      (1,209)                      (1,057)
Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                       3,654                        2,320                        3,248
Cash flows from investing activities
Disposal of property, plant and equipment and computer software                     13                          14                           32
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and computer software                   (626)                      (700)                        (671)
Movements in loans and other investments                                             (4)                        —                             (1)
Sale of businesses and brands                                           8           14                          11                         426
Acquisition of businesses                                               8         (488)                      (130)                          (56)
Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                     (1,091)                        (805)                        (270)
Cash flows from financing activities
Share buyback programme                                                17         (109)                    (1,282)                      (2,775)
Proceeds from issue of share capital                                                —                             1                            1
Net sale of own shares for share schemes                                            49                          54                           50
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                        (77)                      (111)                        (112)
Proceeds from bonds                                                    16       1,031                       5,188                        2,766
Repayment of bonds                                                     16       (1,247)                      (820)                      (1,168)
Purchase of shares of non-controlling interests                         8          (42)                        (62)                       (784)
Net movements in other borrowings                                                 (753)                      (285)                         721
Equity dividends paid                                                  17       (1,646)                    (1,646)                      (1,623)
Net cash (outflow)/inflow from financing activities                                            (2,794)                       1,037                       (2,924)
Net (decrease)/increase in net cash and cash equivalents               16                         (231)                      2,552                            54
Exchange differences                                                                              (285)                       (120)                          (26)
Net cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                          3,153                          721                          693
Net cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                                2,637                        3,153                          721


Net cash and cash equivalents consist of:
Cash and cash equivalents                                              16                       2,749                        3,323                          932
Bank overdrafts                                                        16                         (112)                       (170)                        (211)
                                                                                                2,637                        3,153                          721

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




 144
144        DIAGEO
        Diageo    Annual
               Annual    Report
                      Report    2021
                             2021
Accounting information and policies
Introduction
This section describes the basis of preparation of the consolidated financial statements and the group’s accounting policies that are applicable to the
financial statements as a whole. Accounting policies, critical accounting estimates and judgements specific to a note are included in the note to
which they relate. Furthermore, the section details new accounting standards, amendments and interpretations, that the group has adopted in the
current financial year or will adopt in subsequent years.

1. Accounting information and policies                                        (d) Foreign currencies
(a) Basis of preparation                                                      Items included in the financial statements of the group’s subsidiaries,
The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with         associates and joint ventures are measured using the currency of the
international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements        primary economic environment in which each entity operates (its
of the Companies Act 2006 and International Financial Reporting               functional currency). The consolidated financial statements are
Standards adopted pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as it              presented in sterling, which is the functional currency of the parent
applies in the European Union and IFRS as issued by the International         company.
Accounting Standards Board (IASB). IFRS as adopted by the EU differs in           The income statements and cash flows of non-sterling entities are
certain respects from IFRS as issued by the IASB. The differences have no     translated into sterling at weighted average rates of exchange, other
impact on the group’s consolidated financial statements for the years         than substantial transactions that are translated at the rate on the date of
presented. The consolidated financial statements are prepared on a            the transaction. Exchange differences arising on the retranslation to
going concern basis under the historical cost convention, unless stated       closing rates are taken to the exchange reserve.
otherwise in the relevant accounting policy.                                      Assets and liabilities are translated at closing rates. Exchange
    The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS           differences arising on the retranslation at closing rates of the opening
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect             balance sheets of overseas entities are taken to the exchange reserve, as
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of             are exchange differences arising on foreign currency borrowings and
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements,    financial instruments designated as net investment hedges, to the
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the year.            extent that they are effective. Tax charges and credits arising on such
Actual results could differ from those estimates.                             items are also taken to the exchange reserve. Gains and losses
                                                                              accumulated in the exchange reserve are recycled to the income
(b) Going concern                                                             statement when the foreign operation is sold. Other exchange
Management has prepared cash flow forecasts which have also been              differences are taken to the income statement. Transactions in foreign




                                                                                                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
sensitised to reflect severe, but plausible downside scenarios taking into    currencies are recorded at the rate of exchange at the date of the
consideration the group's principal risks. In our base case scenario, we      transaction.
expect net sales momentum to continue into the year ending 30 June                The principal foreign exchange rates used in the translation of
2022, however, we expect near-term volatility to remain. The potential        financial statements for the three years ended 30 June 2021, expressed
financial impact of a slower Covid-19 pandemic recovery has been              in US dollars and euros per £1, were as follows:
modelled in the plausible downside scenarios. Even with these negative
                                                                                                                             2021        2020        2019
sensitivities for each region taken into account, the group’s cash position
is still considered to remain strong, as we have protected our liquidity by    US dollar
launching and pricing €700 million of fixed rate Euro and £400 million of      Income statement and cash flows(i)            1.35        1.26        1.29
fixed rate Sterling denominated bonds under Diageo’s European Debt             Assets and liabilities(ii)                    1.39        1.23        1.27
Issuance Programme. Mitigating actions, should they be required, are all       Euro
within management’s control and could include reductions in                    Income statement and cash flows(i)            1.13        1.14        1.13
discretionary spending including acquisitions and capital expenditure, as                              (ii)
                                                                               Assets and liabilities                        1.17        1.09        1.12
well as a temporary suspension of the share buyback programme and
dividend payments in the next 12 months or drawdown on committed              (i)    Weighted average rates
                                                                              (ii)   Year end rates
facilities. Having considered the outcome of these assessments, the
Directors are comfortable that the Company is going concern for at least      The group uses foreign exchange hedges to mitigate the effect of
12 months from the date of signing the company's consolidated                 exchange rate movements. For further information see note 15.
financial statements.
                                                                              (e) Critical accounting estimates and judgements
(c) Consolidation                                                             Details of critical estimates and judgements which the directors consider
The consolidated financial statements include the results of the              could have a significant impact upon the financial statements are set out
company and its subsidiaries together with the group’s attributable           in the related notes as follows:
share of the results of associates and joint ventures. A subsidiary is an
                                                                              – Exceptional items – management judgement whether exceptional or
entity controlled by Diageo plc. The group controls an investee when it
                                                                                not – page 151
is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with
the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power    – Taxation – management judgement of whether a provision is required
over the investee. Where the group has the ability to exercise joint            and management estimate of amount of corporate tax payable or
control over an entity but has rights to specified assets and obligations       receivable, the recoverability of deferred tax assets and expectation on
for liabilities of that entity, the entity is included on the basis of the      manner of recovery of deferred taxes – pages 154 and 182
group’s rights over those assets and liabilities.                             – Brands, goodwill and other intangibles – management judgement of
                                                                                the assets to be recognised and synergies resulting from an
                                                                                acquisition. Management judgement and estimate are required in
                                                                                determining future cash flows and appropriate applicable
                                                                                assumptions to support the intangible asset value – page 159




 DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                          Diageo Annual Report 2021        145
                                                                                                                                                     145
– Post employment benefits – management judgement in determining                               Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7 – Interest rate benchmark
  whether a surplus can be recovered and management estimate in                                reform (phase 1). The amendment provides temporary relief from
  determining the assumptions in calculating the liabilities of the funds                      applying specific hedge accounting requirements to hedging
  – page 164                                                                                   relationships directly affected by interbank offered rate (IBOR) reform.
– Contingent liabilities and legal proceedings – management                                    The reliefs have the effect that IBOR reform should not generally cause
  judgement in assessing the likelihood of whether a liability will arise                      hedge accounting to terminate. The expectations are that the cash flows
  and an estimate to quantify the possible range of any settlement and                         in relation to hedging relationships will not be altered by the reform and
  significant unprovided tax matters where maximum exposure is                                 the derivative instruments used in hedge accounting will still provide a
  provided for each – page 182                                                                 close approximation to the extent of the managed risk exposures.
Venezuela is a hyperinflationary economy where the government                                  Amendments to IAS 19 – Plan Amendment, Curtailment or
maintains a regime of strict currency controls with multiple foreign                           Settlement. The amendment requires the remeasurement of service
currency rate systems. Access to US dollars on these exchange systems is                       cost and interest charge for the rest of the period following plan
very limited. The foreign currency denominated transactions and                                amendments, settlements and curtailments using actuarial assumptions
balances of the group’s Venezuelan operations are translated into the                          prevailing at the date of these events. The amendment is applicable to
local functional currency (Venezuelan bolivar) at the rate they are                            Diageo from 1 July 2019 on a prospective basis and has resulted in an
expected to be settled, applying the most appropriate official exchange                        additional service cost of £1 million in the year ended 30 June 2021
rate (DICOM). For consolidation purposes, the group converts its                               (2020 – £1 million).
Venezuelan operations using management’s estimate of the exchange                              IFRS 16 - Leases. The group adopted IFRS 16 from 1 July 2019 by
rate considering forecast inflation and the most appropriate official                          applying the modified retrospective method. Comparative periods have
exchange rate. The exchange rate used to translate the results of the                          not been restated. The impact of the adoption is included in Note 11.
group’s Venezuelan operations was VES/£ 236,878,083 for the year
ended 30 June 2021 (2020 - VES/£ 10,024,865). Movement in the price                            The following amendment and standard, issued by the IASB has not
index for the year ended 30 June 2021 was 1,991% (2020 - 2,464%). The                          been adopted by the group:
inflation rate used by the group is provided by an independent valuer,                         IFRS 17 – Insurance contracts (effective in the year ending 30 June
because no reliable, official published rate is available that is                              2024) is ultimately intended to replace IFRS 4.
representative of the situation in Venezuela.                                                      Based on a preliminary assessment the group believes that the
     The following table presents the contribution of the group’s                              adoption of IFRS 17 will not have a significant impact on its consolidated
Venezuelan operations to the consolidated income statement, cash flow                          results or financial position.
statement and net assets for the year ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June
2020 and with the amounts that would have resulted if the official                             Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7 – Interest rate benchmark
DICOM exchange rate had been applied:                                                          reform (phase 2). The amendment to IFRS 9 provides relief from
                                                                                               applying specific hedge accounting and financial instrument
                         Year ended 30 June 2021              Year ended 30 June 2020
                                                                                               derecognition requirements directly affected by interbank offered rate
                         At estimated         At DICOM        At estimated        At DICOM
                        exchange rate     exchange rate      exchange rate    exchange rate    (IBOR) reform. By applying the practical expedient, Diageo will not be
                    236,878,083 VES/£    4,449,579 VES/£   10,024,865 VES/£   252,558 VES/£    required to discontinue its hedging relationships as a result of changes
                             £ million         £ million          £ million        £ million   in reference rates due to the IBOR reform. The amendment to IFRS 7 will
Net sales                         —                   4                —                  3    require additional disclosure explaining the nature and extent of risk
Operating (loss)/                                                                              related to the reform and the progress of the transition.
                                   (1)              11                 —                 10         There are a number of other amendments and clarifications to IFRS,
 profit
Other finance                                                                                  effective in future years, which are not expected to significantly impact
  income -                                                                                     the group’s consolidated results or financial position.
  hyperinflation
                                                                                               g) Climate change considerations
  adjustment                        2              122                   6              222
                                                                                               The impact of climate change assessment and the stated net zero
Net cash inflow
                                                                                               carbon emission on our direct operation (scope 1 & 2) by 2030 has been
  from
  operating
                                  —                   9                —                  6    considered as part of the assessment of estimates and judgements in
  activities                                                                                   preparing the group accounts.
                                                                                               The climate change scenario analyses – conducted in line with TCFD
Net assets                        38             2,016                 48           1,893
                                                                                               recommendations – undertaken this year did not identify any material
                                                                                               financial impact.
Lebanon became a hyperinflationary economy during the year ended 30
                                                                                                   The following considerations were made in respect of financial
June 2021. Hyperinflationary accounting has been applied for the
                                                                                               statements:
group’s Lebanese operations from 1 July 2020, with hyperinflationary
gains and foreign exchange losses associated with monetary items                               – Impact of climate change is not expected to be material on the going
being reported in finance charges. The impact of applying                                        concern period and viability of the group over the next three years.
hyperinflationary accounting was immaterial.                                                   – The forecasts of cash flows used in impairment assessments for the
(f) New accounting standards and interpretations                                                 value in use of non-current assets including goodwill (see Note 9)
The following amendments to the accounting standards, issued by the                            – The impact of climate change on pension assets.
IASB which have been endorsed by the EU, have been adopted by the                              – The impact of climate change on the carrying value of the fixed assets.
group from 1 July 2020 with no impact on the group’s consolidated
results, financial position or disclosures:
– Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS
  Standards
– Amendments to IFRS 3 – Definition of a Business
– Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8 – Definition of Material
– Amendments to IFRS 16 – Covid-19 - Related Rent Concessions
The following amendments and standards issued by the IASB which
have been endorsed by the EU, have been adopted by the group:




 146
146        DIAGEO
        Diageo    Annual
               Annual    Report
                      Report    2021
                             2021
Results for the year
Introduction
This section explains the results and performance of the group for the three years ended 30 June 2021. Disclosures are provided for segmental
information, operating costs, exceptional items, finance income and charges, the group's share of results of associates and joint ventures, taxation. For
associates, joint ventures and taxation, balance sheet disclosures are also provided in this section.

2. Segmental information
Accounting policies
Sales comprise revenue from contracts with customers from the sale of goods, royalties and rents receivable. Revenue from the sale of goods
includes excise and other duties which the group pays as principal but excludes duties and taxes collected on behalf of third parties, such as value
added tax. Sales are recognised as or when performance obligations are satisfied by transferring control of a good or service to the customer, which
is determined considering, among other factors, the delivery terms agreed with customers. For the sale of goods the transfer of control occurs,
when the significant risks and rewards of ownership are passed to the customer. Based on the shipping terms agreed with customers, the transfer of
control of goods occurs at the time of dispatch for the majority of sales. Where the transfer of control is subsequent to the dispatch of goods, the
time between dispatch and receipt by the customer is generally less than 5 days. The group includes in sales the net consideration to which it
expects to be entitled. Sales are recognised to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal will not occur. Therefore, sales are stated
net of expected price discounts, allowances for customer loyalty and certain promotional activities and similar items. Generally, payment of the
transaction price is due within credit terms that are consistent with industry practices, with no element of financing.
Net sales are sales less excise duties. Diageo incurs excise duties throughout the world. In the majority of countries excise duties are effectively a
production tax which becomes payable when the product is removed from bonded premises and is not directly related to the value of sales. It is
generally not included as a separate item on external invoices; increases in excise duty are not always passed on to the customer and where a
customer fails to pay for products received the group cannot reclaim the excise duty. The group therefore recognises excise duty, unless it regards
itself as an agent of the regulatory authorities, as a cost to the group.
Advertising costs, point of sale materials and sponsorship payments are charged to marketing in operating profit when the company has a right of
access to the goods or services acquired.

Diageo is an international manufacturer and distributor of premium drinks. Diageo also owns a number of investments in associates and joint
ventures as set out in note 6.




                                                                                                                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    The segmental information presented is consistent with management reporting provided to the Executive Committee (the chief operating
decision maker).
    The Executive Committee considers the business principally from a geographical perspective based on the location of third party sales and the
business analysis is presented by geographical segment. In addition to these geographical selling segments, a further segment reviewed by the
Executive Committee is the Supply Chain and Procurement (SC&P) segment, which manufactures products for other group companies and includes
the production sites in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Italy, Guatemala and Mexico, as well as comprises the global procurement management
functions.
    Continuing operations also include the Corporate function. Corporate revenues and costs are in respect of central costs, including finance,
marketing, corporate relations, human resources and legal, as well as certain information systems, facilities and employee costs that are not allocable
to the geographical segments or to the SC&P. They also include rents receivable and payable in respect of properties not used by the group in the
manufacture, sale or distribution of premium drinks.
    Diageo uses shared services operations to deliver transaction processing activities for markets and operational entities. These centers are located
in Hungary, Colombia, the Philippines and India. The captive business service centers in Budapest and Bangalore also perform certain central finance
activities, including elements of financial planning and reporting, treasury and HR services. The costs of shared services operations are recharged to
the regions.
    As part of the annual planning process a budget exchange rate is set each year equal to the prior year’s weighted average rate. This rate is used
for management reporting purposes and, in order to ensure a consistent basis on which performance is measured through the year, the prior period
results are restated to the budget rate as well. Segmental information for net sales and operating profit before exceptional items are reported on a
consistent basis with our management reporting. The adjustments required to retranslate the segmental information to actual exchange rates and to
reconcile it to the group’s reported results are shown in the tables below. The comparative segmental information, prior to retranslation, has not been
restated at the current year’s budgeted exchange rates but is presented at the budgeted rates for the respective year.
    In addition, for management reporting purposes Diageo presents separately the results of acquisitions and disposals completed in the current
and prior year from the results of the geographical segments. The impact of acquisitions and disposals on net sales and operating profit is disclosed
under the appropriate geographical segments in the following tables at budgeted exchange rates.




 DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                            Diageo Annual Report 2021          147
                                                                                                                                                         147
(a) Segmental information for the consolidated income statement
                                                                                                          Latin                              Eliminate
                                                                            Europe                     America                                   inter-        Total
                                                               North           and                         and         Asia                   segment      operating     Corporate
                                                              America       Turkey         Africa    Caribbean       Pacific       SC&P           sales    segments      and other        Total
2021                                                          £ million    £ million    £ million     £ million    £ million    £ million    £ million      £ million     £ million    £ million

Sales                                                          5,803        4,795        2,020          1,369       5,146        1,537        (1,537)      19,133               20     19,153
Net sales
At budgeted exchange rates(i)                                  5,527        2,579        1,541          1,176       2,561        1,627        (1,548)      13,463               20     13,483
Acquisitions and disposals                                          28            2            5            —            —            —             —             35            —            35
SC&P allocation                                                      9          45             3            13            9         (79)            —             —             —            —
Retranslation to actual exchange rates                           (355)         (68)        (137)         (143)         (82)         (11)           11          (785)            —         (785)
Net sales                                                      5,209        2,558        1,412          1,046       2,488        1,537        (1,537)      12,713              20      12,733
Operating profit/(loss)
At budgeted exchange rates(i)                                  2,469           728          228           422          628          (97)            —        4,378           (218)      4,160
Acquisitions and disposals                                        (18)           (3)          —             —            —            —             —           (21)            —          (21)
SC&P allocation                                                   (30)         (32)           (3)          (27)          (5)         97             —             —             —            —
Fair value remeasurement of contingent
  considerations, equity option and earn out
  arrangements                                                      (9)        (27)           —             —            —            —             —           (36)            —          (36)
Retranslation to actual exchange rates                           (175)         (31)         (54)           (92)        (15)           —             —          (367)           10         (357)
Operating profit/(loss) before exceptional items               2,237           635          171           303          608            —             —        3,954           (208)      3,746
Exceptional items                                                   —          (15)           —             —            —            —             —           (15)            —          (15)
Operating profit/(loss)                                        2,237           620          171           303          608            —             —        3,939           (208)      3,731
Non-operating items                                                                                                                                                                         14
Net finance charges                                                                                                                                                                       (373)
Share of after tax results of associates and joint ventures
  Moët Hennessy                                                                                                                                                                            335
  Other                                                                                                                                                                                      (1)
Profit before taxation                                                                                                                                                                  3,706


                                                                                                           Latin                              Eliminate
                                                                             Europe                     America                                   inter-        Total
                                                                North           and                         and         Asia                  segment       operating     Corporate
                                                               America       Turkey         Africa    Caribbean       Pacific       SC&P           sales    segments      and other        Total
2020                                                           £ million    £ million    £ million     £ million    £ million    £ million    £ million      £ million     £ million    £ million

Sales                                                           5,222        4,697        1,911         1,184        4,645        1,343        (1,343)      17,659              38     17,697
Net sales
At budgeted exchange rates(i)                                   4,445        2,501        1,300            944       2,253        1,439        (1,341)      11,541              38     11,579
Acquisitions and disposals                                          32           10           50            —              1          —             —             93            —            93
SC&P allocation                                                     11           60             4           10           12          (98)           —              (1)            1          —
Retranslation to actual exchange rates                            135             (4)          (8)         (46)            4            2            (2)          81             (1)         80
Net sales                                                       4,623        2,567        1,346            908       2,270        1,343        (1,343)      11,714              38     11,752
Operating profit/(loss)
At budgeted exchange rates(i)                                   2,007          730          116            254         498            45            —         3,650          (152)       3,498
Acquisitions and disposals                                           (1)          (4)         —             —            —            —             —              (5)          —             (5)
SC&P allocation                                                       6          26             2             5            6         (45)           —             —             —            —
Fair value remeasurement of contingent consideration               (10)           (4)         —               7          —            —             —              (7)          —             (7)
Fair value remeasurement of biological assets                       —            —            —               9          —            —             —               9           —              9
Retranslation to actual exchange rates                              32             9         (17)          (27)           (3)         —             —              (6)            5           (1)
Operating profit/(loss) before exceptional items                2,034          757          101            248         501            —             —         3,641          (147)       3,494
Exceptional items                                                   54          (62)       (145)             (6)    (1,198)           —             —        (1,357)            —       (1,357)
Operating profit/(loss)                                         2,088          695           (44)          242        (697)           —             —         2,284          (147)       2,137
Non-operating items                                                                                                                                                                         (23)
Net finance charges                                                                                                                                                                       (353)
Share of after tax results of associates and joint ventures
  Moët Hennessy                                                                                                                                                                            285
  Other                                                                                                                                                                                       (3)
Profit before taxation                                                                                                                                                                   2,043




 148
148          DIAGEO
          Diageo    Annual
                 Annual    Report
                        Report    2021
                               2021
                                                                                                                      Latin                                          Eliminate
                                                                                    Europe                         America                                               inter-          Total
                                                                       North           and                             and                Asia                       segment         operating       Corporate
                                                                      America       Turkey         Africa        Caribbean              Pacific          SC&P             sales      segments        and other        Total
 2019                                                                 £ million   £ million     £ million          £ million         £ million     £ million         £ million       £ million        £ million    £ million

 Sales                                                                  5,074       5,132         2,235              1,444             5,356           1,739          (1,739)         19,241                53     19,294
 Net sales
 At budgeted exchange rates(i)                                          4,034       2,951         1,529              1,095             2,656           1,843          (1,738)         12,370                54     12,424
 Acquisitions and disposals                                                 88            1             1                  1                 1             —                —                 92            —            92
 SC&P allocation                                                            11          63              5                15                11            (105)              —                 —             —            —
 Retranslation to actual exchange rates                                   327          (76)           62                 19                20               1               (1)          352                 (1)       351
 Net sales                                                              4,460       2,939         1,597              1,130             2,688           1,739          (1,739)         12,814                53     12,867
 Operating profit/(loss)
 At budgeted exchange rates(i)                                          1,755         972           257                312               671             139                —          4,106             (186)       3,920
 Acquisitions and disposals                                                 29           (1)          —                  —                 —               —                —                 28            —            28
 SC&P allocation                                                            13          72              6                32                16            (139)              —                 —             —            —
 Retranslation to actual exchange rates                                   151          (29)           12                 21                16              —                —            171                 (3)       168
 Operating profit/(loss) before exceptional items                       1,948       1,014           275                365               703               —                —          4,305             (189)       4,116
 Exceptional items                                                          —          (18)           —                  —                (35)             —                —             (53)             (21)         (74)
 Operating profit/(loss)                                                1,948         996           275                365               668               —                —          4,252             (210)       4,042
 Non-operating items                                                                                                                                                                                                   144
 Net finance charges                                                                                                                                                                                                  (263)
 Share of after tax results of associates and joint ventures
      Moët Hennessy                                                                                                                                                                                                    310
      Other                                                                                                                                                                                                                2
 Profit before taxation                                                                                                                                                                                              4,235
(i)    These items represent the IFRS 8 performance measures for the geographical and SC&P segments.
(1)    The net sales figures for SC&P reported to the Executive Committee primarily comprise inter-segment sales and these are eliminated in a separate column in the above segmental analysis.
       Apart from sales by the SC&P segment to the other operating segments, inter-segmental sales are not material.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(2)    The group’s net finance charges are managed centrally and are not attributable to individual operating segments.
(3)    Approximately 40% of annual net sales occurred in the last four months of the calendar year 2020.

(b) Other segmental information
                                                                                                                                               Latin
                                                                                                                                            America
                                                                                      North     Europe and                                      and                 Asia                           Corporate
                                                                                   America          Turkey                 Africa         Caribbean               Pacific            SC&P          and other          Total
                                                                                   £ million      £ million             £ million          £ million            £ million         £ million         £ million      £ million

 2021
 Capital expenditure                                                                   153                  23                 125                20                 56              125                124            626
 Depreciation and intangible asset amortisation                                         (76)            (31)                   (79)               (16)              (60)            (126)               (59)          (447)
 2020
 Capital expenditure                                                                    145                 24                 128                48                 59               191               105            700
 Depreciation and intangible asset amortisation                                          (68)               (37)               (103)              (21)              (59)             (119)               (73)         (480)
 Underlying impairment                                                                   —                   (7)                —                  (7)               —                 —                  —             (14)
 Exceptional impairment of tangible assets                                               —                  —                  (139)              —                   (1)              —                  —           (140)
 Exceptional impairment of intangible assets                                             —                  —                   —                 —              (1,205)               —                  —         (1,205)
 2019
 Capital expenditure                                                                    150                 32                 160                48                 40               197                 44           671
 Depreciation and intangible asset amortisation                                          (51)               (18)                (81)              (13)              (42)             (110)               (59)         (374)




  DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                                                                          Diageo Annual Report 2021                         149
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       149
(c) Category and geographical analysis
                                                                             Category analysis                                                            Geographic analysis
                                                                                   Ready to                                         Great       United      Nether-                    Rest of
                                                          Spirits      Beer(iv)     drink(iv)            Other          Total      Britain      States        lands         India       World       Total
                                                        £ million    £ million     £ million          £ million      £ million   £ million    £ million    £ million     £ million   £ million   £ million

 2021
 Sales(i)                                               15,634        2,562            741               216         19,153        1,822       5,441            70        3,011       8,809      19,153
 Non-current assets(ii), (iii)                                                                                                     2,119       4,320        2,474         2,561       7,589      19,063
 2020 (Restated)
 Sales(i), (iv)                                          14,158        2,687           621                231         17,697       1,684        4,839           62         2,783       8,329     17,697
 Non-current assets(ii), (iii)                                                                                                     1,911        5,028        2,661         2,758       7,563     19,921
 2019 (Restated)
 Sales(i), (iv)                                          15,283        3,041           662                308         19,294       1,706        4,724           70         3,236       9,558     19,294
 Non-current assets(ii), (iii)                                                                                                     1,637        4,662        2,525         3,829       7,668     20,321
(i)   The geographical analysis of sales is based on the location of third party sales.
(ii)  The geographical analysis of non-current assets is based on the geographical location of the assets and comprises intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, biological assets,
      investments in associates and joint ventures, other investments and non-current other receivables.
(iii) The management information provided to the chief operating decision maker does not include an analysis of assets and liabilities by category and therefore is not disclosed.
(iv) Flavoured malt beverages have been reclassified from ready to drink to beer from 1 July 2020. This reporting is in line with the nature of these products and how management reviews the
      performance. Before the reclassification the beer sales would have been £2,188 million in 2021 (2020 – £2,342 million; 2019 – £2,758 million), and the ready to drink sales would have been
      £1,115 million in 2021 (2020 – £966 million; 2019 – £945 million).

3. Operating costs                                                                                        (b) Auditor fees
                                                                                                          Other external charges include the fees of the principal auditor of the
                                                           2021           2020            2019
                                                        £ million      £ million       £ million          group, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and its affiliates (PwC) and are
 Excise duties                                            6,420          5,945          6,427             analysed below.
 Cost of sales                                            5,038          4,654          4,866                                                                             2021          2020         2019
                                                                                                                                                                       £ million     £ million    £ million
 Marketing                                                2,163          1,841          2,042
                                                                                                           Audit of these financial statements                             3.8           5.3          3.8
 Other operating items                                    1,801          3,120          1,917
                                                                                                           Audit of financial statements of subsidiaries                   4.4           3.6          3.4
                                                        15,422         15,560         15,252
                                                                                                           Audit related assurance services(i)                             2.6           2.4          1.6
 Comprising:
                                                                                                           Total audit fees (Audit fees)                                  10.8          11.3          8.8
 Excise duties
                                                                                                           Other assurance services (Audit related
       Great Britain                                      1,018            930            898                fees)(ii)                                                     0.8           0.8          0.7
       United States                                        589            585            587              All other non-audit fees (All other fees)                        —             —           0.2
       India                                              2,127          1,927          2,202                                                                             11.6          12.1          9.7
       Other                                              2,686          2,503          2,740             (i)     Audit related assurance services are in respect of reporting under section 404 of the US
 Increase in inventories                                   (293)          (275)          (446)                    Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the review of the interim financial information.
                                                                                                          (ii)    Other assurance services comprise the aggregate fees for assurance and related services
 Raw materials and consumables                            3,126          2,842          3,007                     that are not reported under ‘total audit fees’.
 Marketing                                                2,163          1,841          2,042             (1)     Disclosure requirements for auditor fees in the United States are different from those
                                                                                                                  required in the United Kingdom. The terminology by category required in the United
 Other external charges                                   1,978          2,044          2,285                     States is disclosed in brackets in the above table. All figures are the same for the
 Staff costs                                              1,586          1,404          1,580                     disclosures in the United Kingdom and the United States apart from £0.4 million (2020 –
                                                                                                                  £0.4 million; 2019 – £0.4 million) of the cost in respect of the review of the interim
 Depreciation, amortisation and impairment                  447          1,839            374                     financial information which would be included in audit related fees in the United States
 Gains on disposal of properties                              (1)            (2)                (5)               rather than audit fees.

 Net foreign exchange losses/(gains)                          22             15                 (7)       Audit services provided by firms other than PwC for the year ended 30
 Other operating income                                      (26)           (93)                (5)       June 2021 were £0.1 million (2020 – £0.1 million; 2019 – £0.1 million).
                                                        15,422         15,560         15,252
                                                                                                          Further PwC fees for audit services in respect of employee pension plans
                                                                                                          were £0.2 million for the year ended 30 June 2021 (2020 – £0.3 million;
(a) Other external charges                                                                                2019 – £0.3 million).
Other external charges include research and development expenditure                                       (c) Staff costs and average number of employees
in respect of new drinks products and package design of £40 million
                                                                                                                                                                          2021          2020         2019
(2020 – £34 million; 2019 – £35 million) and maintenance and repairs of                                                                                                £ million     £ million    £ million
£107 million (2020 – £105 million; 2019 – £103 million).                                                   Aggregate remuneration
                                                                                                           Wages and salaries                                           1,336         1,251        1,344
                                                                                                           Share-based incentive plans                                      50              3          50
                                                                                                           Employer’s social security                                       83            79           96
                                                                                                           Employer’s pension
                                                                                                                  Defined benefit plans                                     82            37           61
                                                                                                                  Defined contribution plans                                25            24           19
                                                                                                           Other post employment plans                                      10            10           10
                                                                                                                                                                        1,586         1,404        1,580




 150
150               DIAGEO
               Diageo    Annual
                      Annual    Report
                             Report    2021
                                    2021
The average number of employees on a full time equivalent basis                                                                            2021        2020        2019
(excluding employees of associates and joint ventures) was as follows:                                                                  £ million   £ million   £ million

                                                                                  Exceptional operating items
                                                2021        2020        2019
                                                                                  Ongoing litigation in Turkey (a)                          (15)         —           —
North America                                  2,616       2,466       2,410
                                                                                  Guaranteed minimum pension equalisation (b)                 (5)        —          (21)
Europe and Turkey                              3,267       3,350       3,609
                                                                                  Donations (c (i))                                           (5)       (89)         —
Africa                                         4,016       4,003       4,338
                                                                                  Obsolete inventories (c (ii))                                7        (30)         —
Latin America and Caribbean                    1,505       1,549       1,610
                                                                                  Substitution drawback (c (iii))                              3         83          —
Asia Pacific                                   6,474       6,559       7,038      Brand, goodwill, tangible and other assets
SC&P                                           5,085       4,908       4,919        impairment (d)                                           —      (1,345)          —
Corporate and other                            4,687       4,940       4,496      Indirect tax in Korea (e)                                  —           24         (35)
                                              27,650      27,775      28,420      French tax audit penalty (note 7 (b) (v))                  —           —          (18)
                                                                                                                                            (15)    (1,357)         (74)
At 30 June 2021 the group had, on a full time equivalent basis, 27,783
                                                                                  Non-operating items
(2020 – 27,788; 2019 – 28,150) employees. The average number of
employees of the group, including part time employees, for the year was           Sale of businesses and brands
28,025 (2020 – 28,490; 2019 – 29,402).                                              United National Breweries (f)                            10         (32)          (9)
                                                                                    USL businesses (g)                                         3         —            (2)
(d) Exceptional operating items
                                                                                    Portfolio of 19 brands (h)                                 1           2       155
Included in other operating items are the following:
                                                                                    Loss on disposal of associate (i)                        —            (1)        —
                                                 2021        2020        2019     Step acquisitions (j)                                      —             8         —
                                              £ million   £ million   £ million
                                                                                                                                             14         (23)       144
Staff costs
  Guaranteed minimum pension equalisation                                         French tax audit interest (note 7 (b) (v))                 —           —            (9)
  charge                                             5         —           21
Other external charges                             13          95          53     Exceptional items before taxation                           (1)   (1,380)          61
Other operating income                              (3)       (83)         —      Items included in taxation (note 7 (b))                   (84)       154          (39)
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment
 Brand, goodwill, tangible and other assets                                       Total exceptional items                                   (85)    (1,226)          22
 impairment                                        —       1,345           —      Attributable to:




                                                                                                                                                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Total exceptional operating items (note 4)         15      1,357           74       Equity shareholders of the parent company               (86)    (1,157)           (4)
                                                                                    Non-controlling interests                                  1        (69)         26
4. Exceptional items
                                                                                  Total exceptional items                                   (85)    (1,226)          22
Accounting policies
                                                                                  (a) In the year ended 30 June 2021, based on recent developments, an
Critical accounting judgements                                                    additional provision of TRY 156 million (£15 million) was recorded as an
Exceptional items are those that in management’s judgement need to                exceptional item in respect of ongoing litigation in Turkey, bringing the
be disclosed separately. Such items are included within the income                provision’s balance to TRY 272 million (£23 million) following a
statement caption to which they relate. It is believed that separate              settlement of TRY 15 million (£1 million) during the year.
disclosure of exceptional items and the classification between
operating and non-operating further helps investors to understand the             (b) On 20 November 2020, the High Court of Justice of England and
performance of the group.                                                         Wales issued a ruling that requires schemes to equalise pension benefits
    Changes in estimates and reversals in relation to items previously            for men and women for the calculation of their guaranteed minimum
recognised as exceptional are presented consistently as exceptional in            pension liability (GMP) on historic transfers out, which resulted in an
the current year.                                                                 additional liability of £5 million. The corresponding expense was
                                                                                  recognised as an exceptional operating item, consistent with the charge
Operating items                                                                   of £21 million in relation to the initial GMP ruling in the year ended 30
Exceptional operating items are those that are considered to be                   June 2019.
material and unusual or non-recurring in nature and are part of the
                                                                                  (c) In line with the group’s accounting policy, given the unusual nature
operating activities of the group such as impairment of intangible
                                                                                  and magnitude of the below items, these were reported as exceptional
assets and fixed assets, indirect tax settlements, property disposals and
                                                                                  operating items:
changes in post employment plans.
                                                                                  (i) An exceptional charge of $6 million (£5 million) was recognised as
Non-operating items
                                                                                      part of the 'Raising the Bar' programme in the year ended 30 June
Gains and losses on the sale of businesses, brands or distribution rights,            2021. The additional charge represents the re-investment of
step up gains and losses that arise when an investment becomes an                     corporate tax benefit in the fund in certain markets, where a
associate or an associate becomes a subsidiary and other material,                    corporate tax deduction is available.
unusual non-recurring items, that are not in respect of the production,               In the year ended 30 June 2020, Diageo launched the 'Raising the
marketing and distribution of premium drinks, are disclosed as non-                   Bar' programme, including a commitment of $100 million
operating exceptional items below operating profit in the consolidated                (£81 million) over a period of up to two years from 1 July 2020, to
income statement.                                                                     support pubs and bars to recover following the Covid-19 pandemic.
Taxation items                                                                        Diageo also provided other forms of support to help the
                                                                                      communities and the industry which amounted to £8 million.
Exceptional current and deferred tax items comprising material
unusual non-recurring items that impact taxation. Examples include
direct tax provisions and settlements in respect of prior years and the
remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities following tax rate
changes.




 DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                                     Diageo Annual Report 2021            151
                                                                                                                                                                    151
(ii) In the year ended 30 June 2021, an inventory provision of £7 million       Cash payments and receipts included in net cash inflow from operating
      was released (2020 - a charge of £30 million) in respect of inventories   activities in respect of exceptional items were as follows:
      that had earlier been expected to be returned and destroyed as a
                                                                                                                             2021        2020        2019
      consequence of the Covid-19 pandemic, resulting in an exceptional                                                   £ million   £ million   £ million
      gain. Given the original charge was classified as an exceptional item     Substitution drawback                          60          26          —
      in the year ended 30 June 2020, the change to the provision was
                                                                                Donations                                     (50)          (7)        —
      also classified as exceptional.
(iii) In the year ended 30 June 2021, an additional gain of $4 million (£3      Thalidomide (note 14 (d) (a))                 (15)        (17)        (15)
      million) was recognised in other operating items for excess receipts      Indirect tax in Korea                         (10)         —           —
      in respect of substitution drawback claims on prior year accruals.        Ongoing litigation in Turkey                    (1)        —           —
      In the year ended 30 June 2020, an estimated benefit of $105 million      French tax audit                               —          (88)         —
      (£83 million) for substitution drawback claims that had been filed        Total cash payments                           (16)        (86)        (15)
      and were to be filed with the US Government in relation to prior
      years was recognised in other operating items.
(d) In the year ended 30 June 2020, an impairment charge of
£1,345 million was recognised in exceptional operating items,
comprising of £655 million in respect of the India cash-generating unit
containing the India goodwill, £116 million in respect of the USL popular
brands category (Old Tavern brand £78 million and Bagpiper brand
£38 million) and £1 million in respect of fixed assets in India; £434 million
in respect of the Windsor Premier brand; £84 million in respect of the
group's Nigerian tangible fixed assets; and £55 million in respect of the
group's Ethiopian tangible fixed assets.
For further information see notes 9 (d) and 10, respectively.
(e) In the year ended 30 June 2019, the group recognised a provision of
£35 million for indirect tax in respect of certain channel accounts and
regulatory change in Korea in respect of prior years.
     An assessment was issued by the Korea Tax Authority in the year
ended 30 June 2020 that resulted in the reversal of the prior year's
provision in the amount of £24 million.
(f) In the year ended 30 June 2021, ZAR 209 million (£10 million) of
deferred consideration was paid to Diageo in respect of the sale of
United National Breweries, the full amount of which represented a non-
operating gain (2020 - loss of £32 million; 2019 - loss of £9 million ).
(g) Certain United Spirits Limited subsidiaries were sold in the year
ended 30 June 2021. The sale of businesses resulted in an exceptional
gain of £3 million.
    In the year ended 30 June 2019, the disposal of the Indian wine
business resulted in an exceptional loss of £2 million.
(h) In the year ended 30 June 2021, the group reversed $2 million
(£1 million) (2020 - £2 million) from provisions in relation to the sale of a
portfolio of 19 brands to Sazerac on 20 December 2018. The aggregate
consideration for the disposal was $550 million (£435 million) resulting in
a profit before taxation of $198 million (£155 million) in the year ended
30 June 2019.
See note 8 (b) for further information.
(i) In the year ended 30 June 2020, the disposal of an associate, Equal
Parts, LLC resulted in an exceptional loss of £1 million.
(j) In the year ended 30 June 2020, Diageo completed the acquisition of
Seedlip and Anna Seed 83 and acquired controlling interests in certain
Distill Ventures entities. As a result of these entities becoming
subsidiaries of the group a gain of £8 million arose, being the difference
between the book value of the associates prior to the transaction and
their fair value.
For further information see note 8 (a).




 152
152        DIAGEO
        Diageo    Annual
               Annual    Report
                      Report    2021
                             2021
5. Finance income and charges                                                                           6. Investments in associates and joint ventures
 Accounting policies                                                                                     Accounting policies
 Net interest includes interest income and charges in respect of                                         An associate is an undertaking in which the group has a long-term
 financial instruments and the results of hedging transactions used to                                   equity interest and over which it has the power to exercise significant
 manage interest rate risk.                                                                              influence. A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties
                                                                                                         that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets
 Finance charges directly attributable to the acquisition, construction                                  of the arrangement. The group’s interest in the net assets of associates
 or production of a qualifying asset, being an asset that necessarily takes                              and joint ventures is reported in investments in the consolidated
 a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale, are                             balance sheet and its interest in their results (net of tax) is included in
 added to the cost of that asset. Borrowing costs which are not                                          the consolidated income statement below the group’s operating
 capitalised are recognised in the income statement based on the                                         profit. Associates and joint ventures are initially recorded at cost
 effective interest method. All other finance charges are recognised                                     including transaction costs. Investments in associates and joint
 primarily in the income statement in the year in which they are                                         ventures are reviewed for impairment whenever events or
 incurred.                                                                                               circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
 Net other finance charges include items in respect of post                                              recoverable. The impairment review compares the net carrying value
 employment plans, the discount unwind of long-term obligations and                                      with the recoverable amount, where the recoverable amount is the
 hyperinflation charges. The results of operations in hyperinflationary                                  higher of the value in use calculated as the present value of the
 economies are adjusted to reflect the changes in the purchasing                                         group’s share of the associate’s future cash flows and its fair value less
 power of the local currency of the entity before being translated to                                    costs of disposal.
 sterling.
      The impact of derivatives, excluding cash flow hedges that are in                                 Diageo’s principal associate is Moët Hennessy of which Diageo owns
 respect of commodity risk management or those that are used to                                         34%. Moët Hennessy is the spirits and wine subsidiary of LVMH Moët
 hedge the currency risk of highly probable future currency cash flows,                                 Hennessy – Louis Vuitton SA (LVMH). LVMH is based in France and is
 is included in interest income or interest charge.                                                     listed on the Paris Stock Exchange. Moët Hennessy is also based in
                                                                                                        France and is a producer and exporter of champagne and cognac
                                                                                                        brands.
                                                                2021           2020          2019
                                                             £ million      £ million     £ million          A number of joint distribution arrangements have been established
 Interest income                                                 119           192            232       with LVMH in Asia Pacific and France, principally covering distribution of
                                                                                                        Diageo’s Scotch whisky and gin premium brands and Moët Hennessy’s
 Fair value gain on financial instruments                        124           123            155
                                                                                                        champagne and cognac premium brands. Diageo and LVMH have each
 Total interest income(i)                                        243           315            387
                                                                                                        undertaken not to engage in any champagne or cognac activities




                                                                                                                                                                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 Interest charge on bank loans, bonds and                                                               competing with those of Moët Hennessy. The arrangements also
   overdrafts                                                   (365)          (390)         (349)
                                                                                                        contain certain provisions for the protection of Diageo as a non-
 Interest charge on leases                                       (16)           (15)              (7)   controlling shareholder in Moët Hennessy.
 Interest charge on other borrowings                             (84)          (120)         (122)
                                                                                                        (a) An analysis of the movement in the group’s investments in associates
 Fair value loss on financial instruments                       (126)          (123)         (157)      and joint ventures is as follows:
 Total interest charges(i)                                      (591)          (648)         (635)
 Net interest charges                                           (348)          (333)         (248)                                                              Moët
                                                                                                                                                            Hennessy         Others            Total
 Net finance income in respect of post                                                                                                                       £ million     £ million        £ million
   employment plans in surplus (note 13)                          18             26               29     Cost less provisions
 Hyperinflation adjustment in respect of                                                                 At 30 June 2019                                       3,040           133            3,173
   Venezuela (note 1)                                               2              6              10
                                                                                                         Exchange differences                                      78             4               82
 Interest income in respect of direct and
   indirect tax                                                   15             16               16     Additions                                                 —            47                47

 Other finance income                                             —                3              —      Share of profit after tax                               285             (3)            282

 Total other finance income                                       35             51               55     Disposals                                                 —             (1)              (1)

 Net finance charge in respect of post                                                                   Dividends                                                 —             (4)              (4)
   employment plans in deficit (note 13)                         (13)           (17)          (22)       Share of movements in other
                                                                                                           comprehensive income and equity                         (8)          —                 (8)
 Hyperinflation adjustment and foreign
   exchange revaluation of monetary items                                                                Step acquisitions                                         —            (11)             (11)
   in respect of Lebanon (note 1)                                  (8)           —                —      Transfer                                                  —             (2)              (2)
 Unwinding of discounts                                          (20)           (24)          (17)       Other                                                     —             (1)              (1)
 Interest charge in respect of direct and                                                                At 30 June 2020                                       3,395          162             3,557
   indirect tax                                                  (11)           (22)          (11)
                                                                                                         Exchange differences                                   (228)          (12)            (240)
 Change in financial liability (Level 3)                           (7)            (6)             (8)
                                                                                                         Additions                                                 —            38               38
 Other finance charges (exceptional)(ii)                          —              —                (9)
                                                                                                         Share of profit after tax                               335             (1)            334
 Guarantee fees                                                    (1)            (1)             —
                                                                                                         Dividends                                              (289)            (1)           (290)
 Other finance charges                                            —               (1)             (3)
                                                                                                         Share of movements in other
 Total other finance charges                                     (60)           (71)          (70)         comprehensive income and equity                       (85)           —                (85)
 Net other finance charges                                       (25)           (20)          (15)       Transfer                                                 —               2                2
(i)     Includes £28 million interest income and £(429) million interest charge in respect of            Impairment charged during the year                       —              (8)              (8)
        financial assets and liabilities that are not measured at fair value through the income
        statement (2020 – £46 million income and £(471) million charge; 2019 – £86 million               At 30 June 2021                                       3,128          180             3,308
        income and £(439) million charge).                                                              (1)   Investment in associates balance includes loans given to and preference shares invested
(ii)    In respect of the French tax audit settlement (see note 7(b)(v)).                                     in associates of £108 million (2020 – £82 million).
                                                                                                        (2)   If certain performance targets are met by associates in the Distill Ventures programmes,
                                                                                                              an additional £33 million (2020 – £22 million) will be invested in those associates.




       DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                                                       Diageo Annual Report 2021                 153
                                                                                                                                                                                                 153
(b) Income statement information for the three years ended 30 June                                                                                                          2021           2020
2021 and balance sheet information as at 30 June 2021 and 30 June                                                                                                        £ million      £ million

2020 of Moët Hennessy is as follows:                                                            Non-current assets                                                        5,320          5,310
                                                                                                Current assets                                                            7,800          8,352
                                                   2021        2020               2019
                                                £ million   £ million          £ million        Total assets                                                             13,120         13,662
Sales                                               4,819    4,425              4,713           Non-current liabilities                                                  (1,665)        (1,480)
Profit for the year                                  985       838                911           Current liabilities                                                      (2,256)        (2,197)
Total comprehensive income                           999       765                865           Total liabilities                                                        (3,921)        (3,677)
                                                                                                Net assets                                                                9,199          9,985
Moët Hennessy prepares its financial statements under IFRS as endorsed
                                                                                               (1)     Including acquisition fair value adjustments principally in respect of Moët Hennessy’s
by the EU in euros to 31 December each year. The results are adjusted
                                                                                                       brands and translated at £1 = €1.17 (2020 – £1 = €1.09).
for alignment to Diageo accounting policies and are a major part of the
Wines & Spirits division of LVMH. The results are translated at £1 = €1.13                     (c) Information on transactions between the group and its associates
(2020 – £1 = €1.14; 2019 – £1 = €1.13).                                                        and joint ventures is disclosed in note 20.
                                                                                               (d) Investments in associates and joint ventures comprise the cost of
                                                                                               shares less goodwill written off on acquisitions prior to 1 July 1998 of
                                                                                               £1,254 million (2020 – £1,312 million), plus the group’s share of post
                                                                                               acquisition reserves of £2,054 million (2020 – £2,245 million).
                                                                                               (e) The associates and joint ventures have not reported any material
                                                                                               contingent liabilities in their latest financial statements.

7. Taxation
Accounting policies
Current tax is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit is different from accounting profit due to temporary differences between
accounting and tax treatments, and due to items that are never taxable or tax deductible. Tax benefits are not recognised unless it is probable that
the tax positions are sustainable. Once considered to be probable, tax benefits are reviewed each year to assess whether a provision should be
taken against full recognition of the benefit on the basis of potential settlement through negotiation and/or litigation. Tax provisions are included in
current liabilities. Penalties and interest on tax liabilities are included in operating profit and finance charges, respectively.
    Full provision for deferred tax is made for temporary differences between the carrying value of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and their value for tax purposes. The amount of deferred tax reflects the expected recoverable amount and is based on the expected
manner of recovery or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using the basis of taxation enacted or substantively enacted by the
balance sheet date. Deferred tax assets are not recognised where it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realised in the future. No
deferred tax liability is provided in respect of any future remittance of earnings of foreign subsidiaries where the group is able to control the
remittance of earnings and it is probable that such earnings will not be remitted in the foreseeable future, or where no liability would arise on the
remittance.
Critical accounting estimates and judgements
The group is required to estimate the corporate tax in each of the many jurisdictions in which it operates. Management is required to estimate the
amount that should be recognised as a tax liability or tax asset in many countries which are subject to tax audits which by their nature are often
complex and can take several years to resolve; current tax balances are based on such estimations. Tax provisions are based on management’s
judgement and interpretation of country specific tax law and the likelihood of settlement. However, the actual tax liabilities could differ from the
provision and in such event the group would be required to make an adjustment in a subsequent period which could have a material impact on the
group’s profit for the year.
     The evaluation of deferred tax asset recoverability requires estimates to be made regarding the availability of future taxable income. For brands
with an indefinite life, management’s primary intention is to recover the book value through a potential sale in the future, and therefore the
deferred tax on the brand value is generally recognised using the appropriate country capital gains tax rate. To the extent brands with an indefinite
life have been impaired, management considers this to be an indication of recovery through use and in such a case deferred tax on the brand value
is recognised using the appropriate country corporate income tax rate.

(a) Analysis of taxation charge for the year
                                                                            United Kingdom                                   Rest of world                               Total
                                                                 2021                2020               2019        2021            2020         2019         2021           2020          2019
                                                              £ million           £ million          £ million   £ million       £ million    £ million    £ million      £ million     £ million

Current tax
Current year                                                      100                 108               150          684             589         713           784           697           863
Adjustments in respect of prior years                                   1                  6               (3)        28             (25)          52           29            (19)           49
                                                                  101                 114               147          712             564         765           813           678           912
Deferred tax
Origination and reversal of temporary differences                   13                 24                 29          18            (143)         (19)          31          (119)            10
Changes in tax rates                                                46                     6               (2)        32              39          (52)          78               45         (54)
Adjustments in respect of prior years                                   8              —                    5        (23)            (15)          25          (15)           (15)           30
                                                                    67                 30                 32          27            (119)         (46)          94            (89)          (14)
Taxation on profit                                                168                144                179          739             445         719           907           589           898




 154
154        DIAGEO
        Diageo    Annual
               Annual    Report
                      Report    2021
                             2021
(b) Exceptional tax charges/(credits)
The taxation charge includes the following exceptional items:
                                                                                                                                                           2021                2020               2019
                                                                                                                                                        £ million           £ million          £ million

 Tax rate change in the United Kingdom(i)                                                                                                                    46                  —                  —
                                          (ii)
 Tax rate change in the Netherlands                                                                                                                          42                  —                 (51)
 Donations(iii)                                                                                                                                               (5)                —                  —
 Obsolete inventories                                                                                                                                          1                  (7)               —
 Substitution drawback                                                                                                                                         1                 20                 —
 Guaranteed minimum pension equalisation                                                                                                                      (1)                —                   (4)
 Brand and tangible asset impairment(iv)                                                                                                                      —               (165)                 —
 Other items                                                                                                                                                  —                   (2)               —
 French tax audit settlement(v)                                                                                                                               —                  —                  61
 Sale of businesses and brands                                                                                                                                —                  —                  33
                                                                                                                                                             84               (154)                 39

(i)   On 24 May 2021, legislation was substantively enacted in the UK to increase the corporate tax rate to 25% with effect from 1 April 2023. As a result of the change, an exceptional tax charge
      of £46 million was recognised for the year ended 30 June 2021 in relation to the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities. In addition, there was a one-off charge of £48 million
      to other comprehensive income and equity, mainly in respect of the remeasurement of the deferred tax liabilities on the post employment assets.
(ii) On 15 December 2020, legislation was substantively enacted in the Netherlands to maintain the headline corporate tax rate at 25%, reversing a previously enacted reduction in the
      corporate tax rate to 21.7% from 2021. As a result of the change, an exceptional tax charge of £42 million was recognised for the year ended 30 June 2021 in relation to the remeasurement
      of deferred tax liabilities. During the year ended 30 June 2019 the Dutch Senate agreed to a phased reduction in the Dutch corporate tax rate which was expected to be effective from 1
      January 2020. An exceptional tax credit of £51 million was recorded in the year ended 30 June 2019 principally from the remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities in respect of the Ketel One
      vodka distribution rights from 25% to a then enacted tax rate of 20.5%. During the year ended 30 June 2020 the Dutch Senate enacted an increased tax rate of 21.7%, giving rise to a
      £12 million tax charge which was recognised as underlying tax charge.
(iii) As disclosed in the 2020 Annual Report, Diageo launched the “Raising the Bar” programme to support pubs and bars to welcome customers back and recover following the Covid-19
      pandemic including a commitment of $100 million (£81 million) over a period of up to two years from 1 July 2020. Due to uncertainty on the precise nature of the spend, it could not be
      determined whether the amounts were deductible for tax purposes in future periods. As a result, no deferred tax asset was recognised in respect of the provision for the year ended 30
      June 2020. In 2021, additional information regarding the nature of the spend was available and this has been re-assessed and a £5 million exceptional tax credit has been recognised
      mainly in respect of spent in the United States, United Kingdom and Ireland for the year ended 30 June 2021.
(iv) During the year ended 30 June 2020 the exceptional tax credit of £165 million consists of the impairment of the Windsor and USL brands of £105 million and £25 million, respectively,
      exceptional tax credits in respect of fixed assets impairments in Nigeria and Ethiopia of £25 million and £10 million, respectively.
(v) As disclosed in the 2019 Annual Report, in July 2019 Diageo reached a resolution with the French tax authorities on the treatment of interest costs for all open periods which resulted in a
      total exceptional charge of €100 million (£88 million), comprising a tax charge of €69 million (£61 million), penalties of €21 million (£18 million) and interest of €10 million (£9 million) This




                                                                                                                                                                                                           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      brought to a close all open issues with the French tax authorities for periods up to and including 30 June 2017.

(c) Taxation rate reconciliation and factors that may affect future tax charges
                                                                                                           2021              2021             2020              2020             2019             2019
                                                                                                        £ million              %           £ million              %           £ million             %

 Profit before taxation                                                                                   3,706                              2,043                             4,235
 Notional charge at UK corporation tax rate                                                                 704             19.0               388             19.0              805              19.0
 Elimination of notional tax on share of after tax results of associates and joint
    ventures                                                                                                 (63)            (1.7)             (54)             (2.6)             (59)            (1.4)
 Differences in overseas tax rates                                                                          128               3.5               53                 2.6           106               2.5
 Effect of intra-group financing                                                                              —                —               (13)             (0.6)             (34)            (0.8)
 Non taxable gain on disposals of businesses                                                                  (2)            (0.1)              —                   —               (3)             —
 Step-up gain                                                                                                 —                —                 (2)            (0.1)              —                —
 Other tax rate and tax base differences                                                                      —                —               (47)             (2.3)             (79)            (1.9)
 Other items not chargeable                                                                                  (52)            (1.4)             (60)             (3.0)             (51)            (1.2)
 Impairment                                                                                                   —                —               135                 6.6             —                —
 Non deductible losses on disposals of businesses                                                             —                —                  6                0.3             —                —
 Other items not deductible(i)                                                                                67              1.8              115                 5.6           122               2.9
 Irrecoverable withholding taxes                                                                              25              0.7               36                 1.7             24              0.6
 Movement in provision related to uncertain tax positions(ii)                                                  1               —                  6                0.3             98              2.3
 Changes in tax rates(iii)                                                                                    78              2.1               45                 2.2            (54)            (1.3)
 Fair value adjustment in respect of assets held for sale                                                     —                —                —                   —                   1           —
 Adjustments in respect of prior years(iv)                                                                    21              0.6              (19)             (0.9)              22              0.5
 Taxation on profit                                                                                         907             24.5               589             28.8              898              21.2
 Tax rate before exceptional items                                                                            —             22.2                —              21.7                —              20.6
(i)   Other items not deductible include additional state and local taxes and other expenses.
(ii)  Movement in provision related to uncertain tax positions includes both current and prior year related uncertain tax position movements. Movement in provision related to uncertain tax
      positions for the year ended 30 June 2019 includes £61 million exceptional tax charge in respect of the French tax audit settlement.
(iii) Changes in tax rates for the year ended 30 June 2021 mainly due to the tax rate change in the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Changes in tax rates for the year ended 30 June 2020
      mainly due to the Netherlands, UK, India and Kenya. Changes in tax rates for the year ended 30 June 2019 principally arose from the tax rate change in the Netherlands.
(iv) Excludes prior year movement in provisions.
(1) As part of an exercise undertaken to amend the policy as to how items are presented, the tax rate reconciliation table has been restructured to separately show irrecoverable withholding
      tax and movements in provisions related to uncertain tax positions, previously reflected within other items not deductible, in order to provide more relevant information. The UK transfer
      pricing adjustments included for the years ended 2020 and 2019 have also been reclassified to other tax rate and tax base differences to better reflect their nature, previously included
      within other items not chargeable.




       DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                                                       Diageo Annual Report 2021                  155
                                                                                                                                                                                                  155
The table above reconciles the notional taxation charge calculated at the UK tax rate, to the actual total tax charge. As a group operating in multiple
countries, the actual tax rates applicable to profits in those countries are different from the UK tax rate. The impact is shown in the table above as
differences in overseas tax rates. The group’s worldwide business leads to the consideration of a number of important factors which may affect future
tax charges, such as: the levels and mix of profitability in different jurisdictions, transfer pricing regulations, tax rates imposed and tax regime reforms,
acquisitions, disposals, restructuring activities, and settlements or agreements with tax authorities.
     Significant ongoing changes in the international tax environment and an increase in global tax audit activity means that tax uncertainties and
associated risks have been gradually increasing. In the medium term, these risks could result in an increase in tax liabilities or adjustments to the
carrying value of deferred tax assets and liabilities. See note 18 (g).
    The group has a number of ongoing tax audits worldwide for which provisions are recognised in line with the relevant accounting standard
taking into account best estimates and management’s judgements concerning the ultimate outcome of the tax audit. As at 30 June 2021 the
ongoing audits that are provided for individually are not expected to result in a material tax liability. The current tax asset of £145 million (30 June
2020 – £190 million) and tax liability of £146 million (30 June 2020 – £246 million) includes £129 million (30 June 2020 – £189 million) of provisions for
tax uncertainties with the reductions mainly driven by audit payments and foreign exchange movements.
     The cash tax paid in the year 30 June 2021 amounts to £852 million (30 June 2020 – £901 million) and is £39 million higher than the current tax
charge (30 June 2020 – £223 million higher). This arises as a result of timing differences between the accrual of income taxes and the actual payment
of cash and the movement in the provision for uncertain tax positions.
(d) Deferred tax assets and liabilities
The amounts of deferred tax accounted for in the consolidated balance sheet comprise the following net deferred tax (liabilities)/assets:
                                                                                            Property,                              Post                                Other
                                                                                            plant and        Intangible     employment                            temporary
                                                                                           equipment             assets           plans          Tax losses     differences(i)           Total
                                                                                             £ million         £ million       £ million          £ million         £ million         £ million

 At 30 June 2019                                                                                 (349)          (1,795)              (38)              24               264            (1,894)
 Exchange differences                                                                              —                12                 1                (1)                (7)                 5
 Recognised in income statement – continuing operations                                           (10)             115                (5)                7                27              134
 Reclassification                                                                                   8                 6              —                  (3)              (11)              —
 Recognised in other comprehensive loss and equity                                                 —                 (3)             (16)              34                (33)             (18)
 Tax rate change – recognised in income statement                                                  11              (52)                2               —                   (6)            (45)
 Tax rate change – recognised in other comprehensive loss and equity                               —                —                (16)              —                  —               (16)
 Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                       —               (19)              —                 —                  —               (19)
 At 30 June 2020                                                                                 (340)         (1,736)              (72)               61               234           (1,853)
 Exchange differences                                                                             26              176                 (7)               (5)              (17)            173
 Recognised in income statement – continuing operations                                           (28)             (19)                2               —                  29              (16)
 Reclassification                                                                                  —                  7              —                 —                  (7)              —
 Recognised in other comprehensive loss and equity                                                 —                —                 (6)              —                  (2)               (8)
 Tax rate change – recognised in income statement                                                 (39)             (48)               (2)                1                10              (78)
 Tax rate change – recognised in other comprehensive loss and equity                               —                —               (44)               —                  (4)             (48)
 Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                       —               (16)              —                 —                   1              (15)
 At 30 June 2021                                                                                 (381)         (1,636)             (129)               57               244           (1,845)
(i)   Deferred tax on other temporary differences includes fair value movement on cross-currency swaps, interest and finance costs, restructuring provisions, share-based payments and intra
      group sales of products.

After offsetting deferred tax assets and liabilities where appropriate                             Additionally, deferred tax assets have not been recognised in relation to
within territories, the net deferred tax liability comprises:                                      deductible temporary differences, as any benefit of this temporary
                                                                                                   difference would not be realised unless certain of the group's brands
                                                                         2021           2020       were sold, which is not currently expected.
                                                                      £ million      £ million

 Deferred tax assets                                                      100           119        (f) Unrecognised deferred tax liabilities
 Deferred tax liabilities                                              (1,945)       (1,972)       Relevant legislation largely exempts overseas dividends remitted from
                                                                       (1,845)       (1,853)       tax. A tax liability is more likely to arise in respect of withholding taxes
                                                                                                   levied by the overseas jurisdiction. Deferred tax is provided where there
The deferred tax assets of £100 million includes £48 million (2020 – £84                           is an intention to distribute earnings, and a tax liability arises. It is
million) arising in jurisdictions with prior year taxable losses. The majority                     impractical to estimate the amount of unrecognised deferred tax
of the asset is in respect of Germany and Brazil. It is considered more                            liabilities in respect of these unremitted earnings.
likely than not that there will be sufficient future taxable profits to realise
                                                                                                        The aggregate amount of temporary differences in respect of
these deferred tax assets, the majority of which can be carried forward
                                                                                                   investments in subsidiaries, branches, interests in associates and joint
indefinitely.
                                                                                                   ventures for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised is
(e) Unrecognised deferred tax assets                                                               approximately £16.4 billion (2020 – £14.7 billion).
The table below shows the tax value of tax losses which has not been
recognised due to uncertainty over their utilisation in future periods. The
gross value of those losses is £708 million (2020 – £809 million).
                                                                         2021           2020
                                                                      £ million      £ million

 Capital losses – indefinite                                              105             76
 Trading losses – indefinite                                               23             30
 Trading and Capital losses – expiry dates up to 2030                      50             70
                                                                          178           176




 156
156           DIAGEO
           Diageo    Annual
                  Annual    Report
                         Report    2021
                                2021
Operating assets and liabilities
Introduction
This section describes the assets used to generate the group’s performance and the liabilities incurred. Liabilities relating to the group’s financing
activities are included in section ‘Risk management and capital structure’ and balance sheet information in respect of associates, joint ventures and
taxation are covered in section ‘Results for the year’. This section also provides detailed disclosures on the group’s recent acquisitions and disposals,
performance and financial position of its defined benefit post employment plans.
8. Acquisition and sale of businesses and purchase of non-controlling interests
Accounting policies
The consolidated financial statements include the results of the company and its subsidiaries together with the group’s attributable share of the
results of associates and joint ventures. The results of subsidiaries acquired or sold are included in the income statement from, or up to, the date that
control passes.
     Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. Identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities acquired are
measured at fair value at acquisition date. The consideration payable is measured at fair value and includes the fair value of any contingent
consideration. Among other factors, the group considers the nature of, and compensation for the selling shareholders' continuing employment to
determine if any contingent payments are for post-combination employee services, which are excluded from consideration.
     On the acquisition of a business, or of an interest in an associate or joint venture, fair values, reflecting conditions at the date of acquisition, are
attributed to the net assets including identifiable intangible assets and contingent liabilities acquired. Directly attributable acquisition costs in
respect of subsidiary companies acquired are recognised in other external charges as incurred.
     The non-controlling interests on the date of acquisition can be measured either at the fair value or at the non-controlling shareholder’s
proportion of the net fair value of the identifiable assets assumed. This choice is made separately for each acquisition.
     Where the group has issued a put option over shares held by a non-controlling interest, the group derecognises the non-controlling interests
and instead recognises a contingent deferred consideration liability for the estimated amount likely to be paid to the non-controlling interest on the
exercise of those options. Movements in the estimated liability in respect of put options are recognised in retained earnings.
     Transactions with non-controlling interests are recorded directly in retained earnings.
     For all entities in which the company, directly or indirectly, owns equity a judgement is made to determine whether the investor controls the
investee and therefore should fully consolidate the investee. An assessment is carried out to determine whether the group has the exposure or
rights to the variable returns of the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. To establish control an
analysis is carried out of the substantive and protective rights that the group and the other investors hold. This assessment is dependent on the




                                                                                                                                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
activities and purpose of the investee and the rights of the other shareholders, such as which party controls the board, executive committee and
material policies of the investee. Determining whether the rights that the group holds are substantive requires management judgement.
     Where less than 50% of the equity of an investee is held, and the group holds significantly more voting rights than any other vote holder or
organised group of vote holders this may be an indicator of de facto control. An assessment is needed to determine all the factors relevant to the
relationship with the investee to ascertain whether control has been established and whether the investee should be consolidated as a subsidiary.
Where voting power and returns from an investment are split equally between two entities then the arrangement is accounted for as a joint
venture.
     On an acquisition fair values are attributed to the assets and liabilities acquired. This may involve material judgement to determine these values.

(a) Acquisition of businesses
Fair value of net assets acquired and cash consideration paid in respect of the acquisition of subsidiaries in the three years ended 30 June 2021 were
as follows:

                                                                                                         Net assets acquired and consideration
                                                                                    Aviation Gin and
                                                                                       Davos Brands         Other             2021                  2020        2019
                                                                                            £ million    £ million         £ million             £ million   £ million

Brands and other intangibles                                                                   206          128               334                   102           25
Property, plant and equipment                                                                    11             4               15                    —           —
Inventories                                                                                        7            5               12                      2         —
Other working capital                                                                            —             (3)               (3)                   (3)         (2)
Deferred tax                                                                                     —           (15)              (15)                  (19)          (5)
Borrowings                                                                                        (6)          (2)               (8)                  —           —
Cash                                                                                               2            2                 4                     2         —
Fair value of assets and liabilities                                                           220          119               339                     84          18
Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                228            46              274                       8         10
Step acquisitions                                                                                —            —                 —                    (23)          (7)
Consideration payable                                                                          448          165               613                     69          21
Satisfied by:
  Cash consideration paid                                                                     (263)          (95)            (358)                   (27)          (6)
  Contingent consideration payable                                                            (185)          (68)            (253)                   (42)        (15)
  Deferred consideration payable                                                                 —             (2)               (2)                  —           —
                                                                                              (448)        (165)             (613)                   (69)        (21)




 DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                               Diageo Annual Report 2021              157
                                                                                                                                                                157
Cash consideration paid in respect of the acquisition of business and                   Prior year acquisitions
purchase of shares of non-controlling interests in the three years ended                During the prior years Diageo completed a number of smaller
30 June 2021 were as follows:                                                           acquisitions of brands, distribution rights and equity interests in various
                                                                                        drinks businesses and made contingent consideration payments in
                                                           Consideration
                                                                                        respect of prior year acquisitions.
                                                  2021             2020        2019
                                               £ million        £ million   £ million   Purchase of shares of non-controlling interests
Cash consideration paid for subsidiaries         (358)              (27)          (6)   On 21 October 2020 and on 6 November 2020, EABL completed the
Deferred consideration paid for subsidiaries         (1)             —           —      acquisition of 13.3% and 16.7%, respectively of shares in Serengeti
Cash consideration paid for Casamigos              (89)             (49)          (9)   Breweries Limited for a total consideration of $55 million (£42 million) in
Cash consideration paid in respect of other                                             cash and £16 million in the form of shareholder loans outstanding to
  prior year acquisitions                            (6)              (9)         (9)   EABL and Diageo Holdings Netherlands B.V. at the date of completion,
Cash consideration paid for investments in
                                                                                        increasing Diageo's effective economic interest from 40.2% to 47.0%.
  associates                                        —                 (6)       (15)    Both transactions are recognised within retained earnings.
                                                                                            On 29 July 2019, East African Breweries Limited completed the
Capital injection in associates                    (38)             (41)        (17)
                                                                                        purchase of 4% of the share capital of Serengeti Breweries Limited for
Cash acquired                                         4                2         —
                                                                                        $3 million (£2 million). This increased Diageo’s effective economic
Net cash outflow on acquisition of                                                      interest from 39.2% to 40.2%.
  businesses                                     (488)            (130)         (56)        In August 2019 and February 2020, in two separate purchases,
Purchase of shares of non-controlling                                                   Diageo acquired shares in United Spirits Limited (USL) for
  interests                                        (42)             (62)      (784)
                                                                                        INR 5,495 million (£60 million), which increased Diageo’s percentage of
Total net cash outflow                           (530)            (192)       (840)     shares owned in USL from 54.78% to 55.94% (excluding 2.38% owned by
                                                                                        the USL Benefit Trust).
Acquisitions in the year                                                                    On 17 August 2018 and 9 April 2019, Diageo completed the
On 30 September 2020, Diageo completed the acquisition of Aviation                      purchase of 20.29% and 3.14% of the share capital of Sichuan
Gin LLC (Aviation Gin) and Davos Brands LLC (Davos Brands) to support                   Shuijingfang Company Limited (SJF) for an aggregate consideration of
Diageo's participation in the super premium gin segment for a total                     RMB 6,774 million (£775 million) and transaction costs of £9 million. This
consideration of $337 million (£263 million) upfront in cash and                        took Diageo’s shareholding in SJF from 39.71% to 63.14%. SJF was
contingent consideration of up to $275 million (£214 million) linked to                 already controlled and therefore consolidated prior to these
performance targets.                                                                    transactions.
      It is expected that the goodwill and brand will be deductible for tax
purposes. The goodwill arising on the acquisition of Aviation Gin and                   (b) Sale of businesses
Davos Brands represents expected revenue and cost synergies and                         In the year ended 30 June 2021, ZAR 209 million (£10 million) of deferred
acquired workforce. Aviation Gin and Davos Brands contributed                           consideration was paid to Diageo in respect of the sale of United
$33 million (£26 million) to sales and $15 million (£11 million) loss to the            National Breweries. The disposal was completed on 1 April 2020 for an
period, out of which $9 million (£7 million) is related to acquisition                  aggregate consideration of ZAR 600 million (£27 million) from which
transaction costs in the year ended 30 June 2021.                                       ZAR 378 million (£17 million) was deferred.
      Diageo also completed a number of additional acquisitions in the                       Certain United Spirits Limited subsidiaries were sold in the year
year ended 30 June 2021, comprising: (i) on 26 February 2021, the                       ended 30 June 2021 for an aggregate consideration of £3 million, which
acquisition of Chase Distillery Limited, to further support Diageo’s                    has resulted in an exceptional gain of £3 million.
participation in the premium-plus gin segment in the United Kingdom;                        In the year ended 30 June 2019, Diageo completed the sale of a
(ii) on 8 March 2021, the acquisition of Far West Spirits LLC, owner of the             portfolio of 19 brands to Sazerac for an aggregate consideration of
Lone River Ranch Water brand, to improve Diageo's participation in the                  $550 million (£435 million). Diageo continued to provide manufacturing
ready to drink category in the United States; and (iii) on 14 April 2021,               services for all disposed brands until December 2019 with some
the acquisition of Sons of Liberty Spirits Company, to expand Diageo's                  extended up to June 2020 and for five brands will continue up to
spirits-based ready to drink portfolio with Loyal 9 Cocktails. The                      December 2028.
aggregate up-front cash consideration paid on completion of these
three transactions in the year ended 30 June 2021 was £95 million. In
addition, two of these transactions include provision for further
contingent consideration of up to £86 million in aggregate, in each case
linked to performance targets, and one of the transactions provides for a
further £2 million of deferred consideration, of which £1 million has
been paid by 30 June 2021.




 158
158        DIAGEO
        Diageo    Annual
               Annual    Report
                      Report    2021
                             2021
9. Intangible assets
Accounting policies
Acquired intangible assets are held on the consolidated balance sheet at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Acquired
brands and other intangible assets are initially recognised at fair value when they are controlled through contractual or other legal rights, or are
separable from the rest of the business, and the fair value can be reliably measured. Where these assets are regarded as having indefinite useful
economic lives, they are not amortised.
Goodwill represents the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the value of any non-controlling interests and the fair value of any
previously held equity interest in the subsidiary acquired over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired. Goodwill arising on acquisitions
prior to 1 July 1998 was eliminated against reserves, and this goodwill has not been reinstated. Goodwill arising subsequent to 1 July 1998 has been
capitalised.
Amortisation and impairment of intangible assets is based on their useful economic lives and are amortised on a straight-line basis over those
lives and reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Goodwill and
intangible assets that are regarded as having indefinite useful economic lives are not amortised and are reviewed for impairment at least annually or
when there is an indication that the assets may be impaired. Impairment reviews compare the net carrying value with the recoverable amount
(where recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use). Amortisation and any impairment write downs are
charged to other operating expenses in the income statement.
Computer software is amortised on a straight-line basis to estimated residual value over its expected useful life. Residual values and useful lives are
reviewed each year. Subject to these reviews, the estimated useful lives are up to eight years.
Critical accounting estimates and judgements
Assessment of the recoverable amount of an intangible asset and the useful economic life of an asset are based on management's estimates.
     Impairment reviews are carried out to ensure that intangible assets, including brands, are not carried at above their recoverable amounts. Value
in use and fair value less costs of disposal were both considered for these reviews and any impairment charge was based on these. The tests are
dependent on management’s estimates in respect of the forecasting of future cash flows, the discount rates applicable to the future cash flows and
what expected growth rates are reasonable. Judgement is required in determining the cash-generating units. Such estimates and judgements are
subject to change as a result of changing economic conditions and actual cash flows may differ from forecasts.
     Additional estimates have been applied by management regarding the potential financial impact of the Covid-19 pandemic across markets. In
this regard a combination of the following factors was considered in every impairment model:
–   the future development of the virus, including the duration, scale and geographic extent of the closures;
–   the expected scale and duration of the economic recovery;
–   the size of the on-trade channel in the market;




                                                                                                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
–   the life cycle phase of the brand and the maturity of the market.
Consideration of climate risk impact
The impact of climate risk on the future cash flows has also been considered for scenarios analysed in line with the climate change risk assessment.
The climate change scenario analyses - conducted in line with TCFD recommendations - undertaken this year did not identify any material financial
impact.

                                                                                                                        Other    Computer
                                                                                         Brands      Goodwill     intangibles     software          Total
                                                                                       £ million     £ million       £ million    £ million      £ million

Cost
At 30 June 2019                                                                          8,895         2,795           1,540          653        13,883
Exchange differences                                                                       (74)         (139)             44           —            (169)
Additions                                                                                  102              8               3          52            165
Disposals                                                                                   —             —               —             (7)            (7)
At 30 June 2020                                                                         8,923          2,664          1,587           698        13,872
Exchange differences                                                                     (799)          (311)          (174)          (30)       (1,314)
Additions                                                                                 334           274                 8          32           648
Disposals                                                                                   —             —               —           (27)           (27)
At 30 June 2021                                                                         8,458          2,627          1,421           673        13,179
Amortisation and impairment
At 30 June 2019                                                                            621           113              78          514          1,326
Exchange differences                                                                       (17)           (16)             (1)           2           (32)
Amortisation for the year                                                                   —             —                 1          62             63
Impairment                                                                                 564           655              —            —           1,219
Disposals                                                                                   —             —               —             (4)            (4)
At 30 June 2020                                                                         1,168           752               78         574          2,572
Exchange differences                                                                       (71)          (82)              (3)        (26)         (182)
Amortisation for the year                                                                   —             —                 5          44             49
Disposals                                                                                   —             —               —           (24)           (24)
At 30 June 2021                                                                         1,097           670               80         568          2,415
Carrying amount
At 30 June 2021                                                                         7,361          1,957          1,341          105         10,764
At 30 June 2020                                                                          7,755         1,912          1,509           124        11,300
At 30 June 2019                                                                          8,274         2,682          1,462           139        12,557


 DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                        Diageo Annual Report 2021          159
                                                                                                                                                     159
(a) Brands
At 30 June 2021, the principal acquired brands, all of which are regarded as having indefinite useful economic lives, are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                           2021            2020
                                                                                                                                    Principal markets   £ million       £ million

  Crown Royal whisky                                                                                                               United States          1,053          1,190
  McDowell's No.1 whisky, rum and brandy                                                                                                      India        944           1,050
  Captain Morgan rum                                                                                                                        Global         864             977
  Johnnie Walker whisky                                                                                                                     Global         625             625
  Smirnoff vodka                                                                                                                            Global         593             670
  Casamigos tequila                                                                                                                United States           434             491
  Shui Jing Fang Chinese white spirit                                                                                              Greater China           253             260
  Aviation American gin                                                                                                            United States           190               —
  Don Julio tequila                                                                                                                United States           185             179
  Bell's whisky                                                                                                                            Europe          179             179
  Signature whisky                                                                                                                            India        177             197
  Seagram's 7 Crown whiskey                                                                                                        United States           160             181
  Black Dog whisky                                                                                                                            India        150             167
  Antiquity whisky                                                                                                                            India        147             163
  Windsor Premier whisky                                                                                                                     Korea         145             154
  Yenì Raki                                                                                                                                 Turkey         141             202
  Zacapa rum                                                                                                                                Global         138             156
  Gordon's gin                                                                                                                             Europe          119             119
  Other brands                                                                                                                                             864             795
                                                                                                                                                          7,361          7,755

The brands are protected by trademarks, which are renewable                                        (c) Other intangibles
indefinitely, in all of the major markets where they are sold. There are not                       Other intangibles principally comprise distribution rights. Diageo owns
believed to be any legal, regulatory or contractual provisions that limit                          the global distribution rights for Ketel One vodka products in perpetuity,
the useful lives of these brands. The nature of the premium drinks                                 and the Directors believe that it is appropriate to treat these rights as
industry is that obsolescence is not a common issue, with indefinite                               having an indefinite life for accounting purposes. The carrying value at
brand lives being commonplace, and Diageo has a number of brands                                   30 June 2021 was £1,295 million (2020 – £1,464 million).
that were originally created more than 100 years ago. Accordingly, the
Directors believe that it is appropriate that the brands are treated as                            (d) Impairment testing
having indefinite lives for accounting purposes and are therefore not                              Impairment tests are performed annually, or more frequently if events or
amortised.                                                                                         circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
                                                                                                   recoverable. Recoverable amounts are calculated based on the value in
(b) Goodwill                                                                                       use approach also considering fair value less costs of disposal. The value
For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill has been attributed to                            in use calculations are based on discounted forecast cash flows using
the following cash-generating units:                                                               the assumption that cash flows continue in perpetuity at the terminal
                                                                           2021           2020     growth rate of each country or region. The individual brands, other
                                                                        £ million      £ million   intangibles with indefinite useful lives and their associated tangible fixed
 North America                                                              609           416      assets are aggregated as separate cash-generating units. Separate tests
 Europe and Turkey(i)                                                                              are carried out for each cash-generating unit and for each of the
                                                                                                   markets. Goodwill is attributed to each of the markets.
      Turkey                                                                143           205
                                                                                                        The key assumptions used for the value in use calculations are as
 Latin America and Caribbean – Mexico                                       126           123      follows:
 Asia Pacific
                                                                                                   Cash flows
      Greater China                                                         128           132
                                                                                                   Cash flows are forecast for each cash-generating unit for the financial
      India                                                                 693           770      year, which is approved by management and reflect the following
 Other cash-generating units                                                258           266      assumptions:
                                                                          1,957         1,912
                                                                                                   – Cash flows are projected based on the actual operating results and a
(i)   From 1 July 2020, the former Europe cash-generating unit has been structured as five           three-year plan approved by the management. Cash flows are
      individual cash-generating units: Great Britain, Ireland, Northern Europe, Eastern Europe
                                                                                                     extrapolated up to five years using expected growth rates in line with
      and Southern Europe, included in other cash-generating units.
                                                                                                     management’s best estimates. Growth rates reflect expectations of
Goodwill has arisen on the acquisition of businesses and includes                                    sales growth, operating costs and margin, based on past experience
synergies arising from cost savings, the opportunity to utilise Diageo’s                             and external sources of information. Where applicable, multiple cash
distribution network to leverage marketing of the acquired products and                              flow scenarios were populated to predict the potential outcome,
the extension of the group’s portfolio of brands in new markets around                               considering the increased risk of volatility with respect to the
the world.                                                                                           environment after the Covid-19 pandemic in the different markets. A
                                                                                                     simple average of these projections served as the estimation of the
                                                                                                     recoverable amount of the cash-generating units including the
                                                                                                     goodwill of USL, Indian brands and the Windsor Premier brand.
                                                                                                     Management has no information which would indicate that any of
                                                                                                     the scenarios are more likely than the others;




 160
160              DIAGEO
              Diageo    Annual
                     Annual    Report
                            Report    2021
                                   2021
– The five-year forecast period is extended by up to an additional ten years at acquisition date for some intangible assets and goodwill when
  management believes that this period is justified by the maturity of the market and expects to achieve growth in excess of the terminal growth
  rate driven by Diageo’s sales, marketing and distribution expertise;
– Cash flows beyond the five-year period are projected using steady or progressively declining growth rates. The main exception is India and the
  USL brands, where the forecast period is extended by an additional three years of detailed forecasts;
– Cash flows for the subsequent years after the forecast period are extrapolated based on a terminal growth rate which does not exceed the long-
  term annual inflation rate of the country or region.
Discount rates
The discount rates used are the weighted average cost of capital which reflects the returns on government bonds and an equity risk premium
adjusted for the drinks industry specific to the cash-generating units. Further risk premiums can be applied according to management’s assessment
of the risks in respect of the cash flows for a particular asset or cash-generating unit. The group applies post-tax discount rates to post-tax cash flows
as the valuation calculated using this method closely approximates to applying pre-tax discount rates to pre-tax cash flows.
    For goodwill, these assumptions are based on the cash-generating unit or group of units to which the goodwill is attributed. For brands, they are
based on a weighted average taking into account the country or countries where sales are made.
    The pre-tax discount rates, terminal and long-term growth rates used for impairment testing are as follows:
                                                                                                                               2021                                                2020
                                                                                                             Pre-tax           Terminal         Long-term          Pre-tax          Terminal     Long-term
                                                                                                       discount rate        growth rate        growth rate   discount rate       growth rate    growth rate
                                                                                                                  %                  %                  %               %                 %              %

 North America – United States                                                                                      7                   2               4                8                 2                 4
 Europe and Turkey
       United Kingdom                                                                                               6                   2               4                5                 2                 4
       Spain                                                                                                        5                   2               4                8                 2                 3
       Turkey                                                                                                      22                 11              16                22                11            15
       Russia                                                                                                      12                   4               6               12                 3                 6
 Africa
       South Africa                                                                                                13                 —                 6               18                —                  7
       Nigeria                                                                                                     19                 10              14                21                11            14
       Africa Emerging Markets                                                                                     22                   4             10                26                 5            11




                                                                                                                                                                                                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 Latin America and Caribbean
       Brazil                                                                                                      11                   3               6               15                 3                 6
       Mexico                                                                                                      17                   3               6               16                 3                 5
 Asia Pacific
       Korea                                                                                                       10                  (4)             —                10                (4)           —
       India                                                                                                       12                   4             11                12                 4            12
       Global Travel                                                                                               7                    2               5                8                 2                 5

In the year ended 30 June 2020, an impairment charge of £655 million in respect of the India cash-generating unit containing the India goodwill, £78
million in respect of the Old Tavern brand and £38 million in respect of the Bagpiper brand in India were recognised in exceptional operating items,
based on their value in use. The brand impairment reduced the deferred tax liability by £25 million.
     Further, in the year ended 30 June 2020, an impairment charge of £434 million in respect of the Windsor Premier brand was recognised in
exceptional operating items, based on its value in use. The impairment reduced the deferred tax liability attributable to the brand by £105 million
resulting in a net exceptional loss of £329 million.
(e) Sensitivity to change in key assumptions
Impairment testing for the year ended 30 June 2021 has identified the following cash-generating units as being sensitive to reasonably possible
changes in assumptions.
    The table below shows the headroom at 30 June 2021 and the impairment charge that would be required if the assumptions in the calculation of
their value in use were changed:

                                                                                                                                                      2ppt decrease in annual
                                                                                                                        1ppt increase in discount      growth rate in forecast
                                                                   Carrying value of CGU              Headroom                                rate          period 2022-2029      Category growth scenario
                                                                                £ million              £ million                         £ million                   £ million                   £ million

 India(i)                                                                        2,997                     170                               (116)                      (114)                         n/a
                       (i)
 Antiquity brand                                                                   148                      —                                 (20)                       (17)                         n/a
 USL Popular brands(i)                                                             448                      23                                (28)                       (35)                         n/a
 Windsor Premier brand(ii)                                                         152                      45                                —                           n/a                         (13)
(i)     Reasonably possible changes in key assumptions that would result in an impairment of the India cash-generating unit, Antiquity and USL Popular brands would be a 1ppt increase in
        discount rate or a 2ppt decrease in the annual growth rate in the forecast period of 2022-2029.
(ii)    The Windsor Premier brand is disclosed as sensitive due to challenging market conditions. The only change in key assumptions considered reasonably possible that would result in an
        impairment of the brand would be a scenario where volume growth rates are forecasted assuming permanent damage of local whisky category with no recovery to F19 levels based on
        latest outlook of IWSR reports, and the fact that the majority of sales are on-trade.




       DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                                                        Diageo Annual Report 2021                      161
                                                                                                                                                                                                       161
10. Property, plant and equipment
Accounting policies
Land and buildings are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Freehold land is not depreciated. Leaseholds are generally depreciated over
the unexpired period of the lease. Other property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis to estimated residual values over
their expected useful lives, and these values and lives are reviewed each year. Subject to these reviews, the estimated useful lives fall within the
following ranges: buildings – 10 to 50 years; within plant and equipment casks and containers – 15 to 50 years; other plant and equipment – 5 to 25
years; fixtures and fittings – 5 to 10 years; and returnable bottles and crates – 5 to 10 years.
     Reviews are carried out if there is an indication that assets may be impaired, to ensure that property, plant and equipment are not carried at
above their recoverable amounts.
Government grants
Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the group will comply with the conditions pursuant to which they
have been granted and that the grants will be received. Government grants in respect of property, plant and equipment are deducted from the
asset that they relate to, reducing the depreciation expense charged to the income statement.

                                                                                                      Fixtures     Returnable
                                                                         Land and      Plant and            and    bottles and         Under
                                                                         buildings    equipment        fittings         crates   construction          Total
                                                                          £ million     £ million     £ million      £ million      £ million       £ million

Cost
At 30 June 2019                                                             1,712         4,515           125            566            494           7,412
Recognition of right-of-use asset on adoption of IFRS 16                      173            63            —              —              —              236
Adjusted balance at 1 July 2019                                             1,885         4,578           125            566            494           7,648
Exchange differences                                                          (10)           (22)          —               (1)            (9)           (42)
Additions                                                                     202           156            13             34            439             844
Disposals                                                                     (46)           (86)         (20)            (37)            (1)          (190)
Transfers                                                                     110           242              9            13           (374)             —
At 30 June 2020                                                            2,141         4,868           127             575            549          8,260
Exchange differences                                                        (137)          (322)          (10)           (55)           (34)          (558)
Acquisitions                                                                     9             2           —              —                4             15
Sale of businesses                                                              (1)           (3)          —              —              —                (4)
Additions                                                                      95          149               9            27            367            647
Disposals                                                                     (24)         (126)            (7)          (21)            —            (178)
Transfers                                                                      77          146               2              2          (227)             —
At 30 June 2021                                                            2,160         4,714           121             528            659          8,182
Depreciation
At 30 June 2019                                                               511         1,965            91            390             —            2,957
Exchange differences                                                           —              (5)           (1)            (2)           —                (8)
Depreciation charge for the year                                              106           260            15             36             —              417
Exceptional impairment                                                         20           114            —                6            —              140
Disposals                                                                     (40)           (78)         (19)            (35)           —             (172)
At 30 June 2020                                                              597         2,256             86            395             —           3,334
Exchange differences                                                          (31)         (167)            (8)          (39)            —            (245)
Depreciation charge for the year                                             110           244             15             29             —             398
Sale of businesses                                                             —              (2)          —              —              —                (2)
Disposals                                                                     (18)         (113)            (7)          (14)            —            (152)
At 30 June 2021                                                              658         2,218             86            371             —           3,333
Carrying amount
At 30 June 2021                                                            1,502         2,496             35            157            659          4,849
At 30 June 2020                                                            1,544          2,612            41            180            549           4,926
At 30 June 2019                                                            1,201          2,550            34            176            494           4,455

(a) The net book value of land and buildings comprises freeholds of £1,218 million (2020 – £1,218 million), long leaseholds of £3 million (2020 – £6
million) and short leaseholds of £281 million (2020 – £320 million). Depreciation was not charged on £180 million (2020 – £161 million) of land.
(b) Property, plant and equipment is net of a government grant of £133 million (2020 – £150 million) received in prior years in respect of the
construction of a rum distillery in the US Virgin Islands.
(c) In the year ended 30 June 2020, an impairment charge of £84 million in respect of the Nigeria tangible fixed asset has been recognised in
exceptional operating items. The impairment reduced the deferred tax liability by £25 million resulting in a net exceptional loss of £59 million.
(d) In the year ended 30 June 2020, an impairment charge of £55 million in respect of the Ethiopia tangible fixed asset has been recognised in
exceptional operating items. The impairment reduced the deferred tax liability by £10 million resulting in a net exceptional loss of £45 million.




 162
162        DIAGEO
        Diageo    Annual
               Annual    Report
                      Report    2021
                             2021
11. Leases                                                                              (c) Amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement
Accounting policies                                                                     In the year ended 30 June 2021 other operating expenses (within other
                                                                                        external charges) included £28 million (2020 – £39 million) in respect
Where the group is the lessee, all leases are recognised on the balance
                                                                                        of leases of low value assets and short term leases and £3 million (2020 –
sheet as right-of-use assets and depreciated on a straight-line basis
                                                                                        £11 million) in respect of variable lease payments. In the year ended 30
with the charge recognised in cost of sales. The liability, recognised as
                                                                                        June 2019 other external charges included operating lease expenses in
part of net borrowings, is measured at a discounted value and any
                                                                                        respect of plant and machinery of £19 million and other assets (mainly
interest is charged to finance charges.
                                                                                        properties) of £101 million. Refer to note 5 for further information
     The group recognises services associated with a lease as other
                                                                                        relating to the interest expenses on lease liabilities.
operating expenses. Payments associated with leases where the value
                                                                                             The total cash outflow for leases in the year ended 30 June 2021 was
of the asset when it is new is lower than $5,000 (leases of low value
                                                                                        £179 million (2020 – £180 million).
assets) and leases with a lease term of twelve months or less (short
term leases) are recognised as other operating expenses. A judgement                    12. Other investments
in calculating the lease liability at initial recognition includes                      Accounting policies
determining the lease term where extension or termination options
exist. In such instances any economic incentive to retain or end a lease                Other investments are such equity investments that are not classified
are considered and extension periods are only included when it is                       as investments in associates or joint arrangements nor investments in
considered reasonably certain that an option to extend a lease will be                  subsidiaries. They are included in non-current assets. Subsequent to
exercised.                                                                              initial measurement, other investments are stated at fair value. Gains
     For the year ended 30 June 2019, where the group had                               and losses arising from the changes in fair value are recognised in the
substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of an asset subject                income statement or in other comprehensive income on a case by
to a lease, the lease was treated as a finance lease. Assets held under                 case basis. Accumulated gains and losses included in other
finance leases were recognised as assets of the group at their fair value               comprehensive income are not recycled to the income statement.
at the inception of the lease. The corresponding liability to the lessor                Dividends from other investments are recognised in the consolidated
was included in other financial liabilities on the consolidated balance                 income statement.
sheet. Lease payments were apportioned between interest expense                         Loans receivable are non-derivative financial assets that are not
and a reduction of the lease obligation so as to achieve a constant rate                classified as equity investments. They are subsequently measured
of interest on the remaining balance of the liability. Other leases were                either at amortised cost using the effective interest method less
treated as operating leases, with payments and receipts taken to the                    allowance for impairment or at fair value with gains and losses arising
income statement on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease.                   from changes in fair value recognised in the income statement or in
                                                                                        other comprehensive income that are recycled to the income
(a) Movement in right-of-use assets                                                     statement on the de-recognition of the asset. Allowances for expected




                                                                                                                                                                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The company principally leases warehouses, office buildings, plant and                  credit losses are made based on the risk of non-payment taking into
machinery, cars and distribution vehicles in the ordinary course of                     account ageing, previous experience, economic conditions and
business.                                                                               forward-looking data. Such allowances are measured as either 12-
                                                                                        months expected credit losses or lifetime expected credit losses
                                Land and      Plant and          Under
                                buildings    equipment     construction       Total
                                                                                        depending on changes in the credit quality of the counterparty.
                                 £ million     £ million      £ million    £ million

At 30 June 2019                         2          228              —          230                                                    Loans      Others       Total
                                                                                                                                   £ million   £ million   £ million
IFRS16 Transition                    173             63             —          236
                                                                                        Cost less allowances or fair value
Adjusted balance at 1
                                                                                        At 30 June 2019                                 17          32          49
  July 2019                          175           291              —          466
                                                                                        Exchange differences                             1           1           2
Exchange differences                   (3)            2             —             (1)
                                                                                        Additions                                        3          —            3
Additions                            150             24             32         206
                                                                                        Repayments and disposals                        (1)         (2)         (3)
Disposals                              (2)           —              —             (2)
                                                                                        Fair value adjustment                           —            2           2
Depreciation                         (51)           (41)            —           (92)
                                                                                        Provision charged during the year              (14)         —          (14)
At 30 June 2020                     269            276              32         577
                                                                                        Capitalised interest                             1          —            1
Exchange differences                 (21)          (18)             —          (39)     Transfer                                        —            1           1
Additions                             33            23              —            56     At 30 June 2020                                  7          34          41
Transfer                               (1)         (63)            (3)         (67)     Exchange differences                            —           (3)         (3)
Acquisitions                            8            —              —              8    Additions                                        5          —            5
Depreciation                         (58)          (34)             —          (92)     Repayments and disposals                        (1)         —           (1)
At 30 June 2021                     230            184              29         443      Transfer                                        (1)         (1)         (2)
                                                                                        At 30 June 2021                                 10          30          40
(b) Lease liabilities
                                                                                        At 30 June 2021, loans comprise £3 million (2020 – £4 million; 2019 – £17
                                                                  2021         2020
                                                               £ million    £ million   million) of loans to customers and other third parties, after allowances of
Current lease liabilities                                          (82)       (106)     £113 million (2020 – £127 million; 2019 – £111 million), and £7 million
                                                                                        (2020 – £3 million; 2019 – £nil) of loans to associates.
Non-current lease liabilities                                    (281)        (364)
                                                                 (363)        (470)

The future cash outflows, which are not included in lease liabilities on
the balance sheet, in respect of extension and termination options
which are not reasonably expected to be exercised are estimated at
£255 million.




 DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                                   Diageo Annual Report 2021         163
                                                                                                                                                               163
13. Post employment benefits                                                                      The assets of the UK and Irish pension plans are held in separate trusts
 Accounting policies                                                                              administered by trustees who are required to act in the best interests of
                                                                                                  the plans’ beneficiaries. For DPS, the trustee is Diageo Pension Trust
 The group’s principal pension funds are defined benefit plans. In                                Limited. As required by legislation, one-third of the directors of the Trust
 addition, the group has defined contribution plans, unfunded post                                are nominated by the members of the DPS, member nominated
 employment medical benefit liabilities and other unfunded defined                                directors are appointed from both the pensioner member community
 benefit post employment liabilities. For post employment plans, other                            and the active member community. For the Irish Scheme Diageo Ireland
 than defined contribution plans, the amount charged to operating                                 makes four nominations and appoints three further candidates
 profit is the cost of accruing pension benefits promised to employees                            nominated by representative groupings.
 over the year, plus any changes arising on benefits granted to                                       The amounts charged to the consolidated income statement for the
 members by the group during the year. Net finance charges comprise                               group’s defined benefit post employment plans and the consolidated
 the net deficit/asset on the plans at the beginning of the year, adjusted                        statement of comprehensive income for the three years ended 30 June
 for cash flows in the year, multiplied by the discount rate for plan                             2021 are as follows:
 liabilities. The differences between the fair value of the plans’ assets
 and the present value of the plans’ liabilities are disclosed as an asset or                                                                                 2021          2020          2019
                                                                                                                                                           £ million     £ million     £ million
 liability on the consolidated balance sheet. Any differences due to
                                                                                                   Current service cost and administrative
 changes in assumptions or experience are recognised in other
                                                                                                     expenses                                                (105)          (109)        (110)
 comprehensive income. The amount of any pension fund asset
 recognised on the balance sheet is limited to any future refunds from                             Past service gains – ordinary activities                     —             50            56
 the plan or the present value of reductions in future contributions to                            Past service losses – exceptional                             (5)          —            (21)
 the plan.                                                                                         Gains on curtailments and settlements                        18            12              4
      Contributions payable by the group in respect of defined                                     Charge to operating profit                                  (92)          (47)          (71)
 contribution plans are charged to operating profit as incurred.                                   Net finance gain in respect of post
 Critical accounting estimates and judgements                                                        employment plans                                             5             9             7

 Application of IAS 19 requires the exercise of estimate and judgement                             Charge before taxation(i)                                   (87)          (38)          (64)
 in relation to various assumptions.                                                               Actual returns less amounts included in
      Diageo determines the assumptions on a country by country basis                                finance income                                              (6)        774           438
 in conjunction with its actuaries. Estimates are required in respect of                           Experience gains                                             80            34          113
 uncertain future events including the life expectancy of members of                               Changes in financial assumptions                           125           (754)        (514)
 the funds, salary and pension increases, future inflation rates, discount                         Changes in demographic assumptions                        (183)           (14)            (6)
 rates and employee and pensioner demographics. The application of                                 Other comprehensive income                                   16            40            31
 different assumptions could have a significant effect on the amounts
                                                                                                   Changes in the surplus restriction                           —              (2)            2
 reflected in the income statement, other comprehensive income and
 the balance sheet. There may be interdependencies between the                                     Total other comprehensive income                             16            38            33
 assumptions.                                                                                     (1)   In the year ended 30 June 2021, the exceptional past service loss of £5 million is in
      Where there is an accounting surplus on a defined benefit plan                                    respect of the equalisation of Guaranteed Minimum Pension (GMP) benefits for men and
                                                                                                        women. (2019 - £21 million). The year ended 30 June 2020 includes a past service gain of
 management judgement is necessary to determine whether the group                                       £47 million in respect of the Irish Scheme following communications to the deferred
 can obtain a refund of the surplus by reducing future contributions to                                 members in respect of changing their expectations of a full pension prior to reaching
                                                                                                        the age of 65 and to pensioners in respect of future pension increases. The year ended
 the plan.                                                                                              30 June 2019 includes credits of £54 million in respect of changes made to future
                                                                                                        pension increases for members of the UK Scheme and changes to the principal Irish
(a) Post employment benefit plans                                                                       Scheme.
                                                                                                  (i)   The (charge)/income before taxation in respect of the following countries is:
The group operates a number of pension plans throughout the world,
devised in accordance with local conditions and practices. Our most                                                                                           2021          2020          2019
                                                                                                                                                           £ million     £ million     £ million
significant plans are defined benefit plans and are funded by payments
to separately administered trusts or insurance companies. The group                                United Kingdom                                              (46)          (23)            (3)
also operates a number of plans that are generally unfunded, primarily in                          Ireland                                                        4           34           (13)
the United States, which provide to employees post employment                                      United States                                               (28)          (30)          (30)
medical benefits.                                                                                  Other                                                       (17)          (19)          (18)
    The principal plans are in the United Kingdom, Ireland and the                                                                                             (87)          (38)          (64)
United States where benefits are based on employees’ length of service
and salary at retirement. All valuations were performed by independent                            In addition to the charge in respect of defined benefit post employment
actuaries using the projected unit credit method to determine pension                             plans, contributions to the group’s defined contribution plans were £25
costs.                                                                                            million (2020 – £24 million; 2019 – £19 million).
    The most recent funding valuations of the significant defined benefit
plans were carried out as follows:
 Principal plans                                                             Date of valuation
                     (i)
 United Kingdom                                                                 1 April 2018
 Ireland(ii)                                                            31 December 2018
 United States                                                              1 January 2021
(i)    The triennial valuation of the Diageo Pension Scheme (the UK Scheme) as at 1 April 2021
       is in progress and the results of this valuation are expected to be agreed by Diageo and
       the trustee later in calendar year 2021. The Diageo Pension Scheme (DPS) closed to new
       members in November 2005. Employees who have joined Diageo in the United
       Kingdom since the defined benefit scheme closed had been eligible to become
       members of the Diageo Lifestyle Plan (a cash balance defined benefit pension plan) until
       1 January 2018. Since then, new employees have been eligible to become members of a
       Diageo administered defined contribution plan.
(ii)   The Irish scheme closed to new members in May 2013. Employees who have joined
       Diageo in Ireland since the defined benefit scheme closed have been eligible to become
       members of Diageo administered defined contribution plans.




 164
164            DIAGEO
            Diageo    Annual
                   Annual    Report
                          Report    2021
                                 2021
The movement in the net surplus for the two years ended 30 June 2021                                     The balance sheet analysis of the post employment plans is as follows:
is set out below:
                                                                                                                                                                   2021                                2020
                                                               Plan            Plan            Net                                                          Non-               Non-               Non-            Non-
                                                             assets      liabilities       surplus                                                        current            current            current         current
                                                           £ million      £ million       £ million                                                       assets(i)       liabilities           assets(i)     liabilities
                                                                                                                                                         £ million         £ million           £ million      £ million
 At 30 June 2019                                              9,713        (9,498)             215
                                                                                                          Funded plans                                    1,018              (279)              1,111            (434)
 Exchange differences                                             65           (73)               (8)
                                                                                                          Unfunded plans                                       —             (295)                  —            (315)
 Charge before taxation                                         198          (236)              (38)
                                                                                                                                                          1,018              (574)              1,111            (749)
 Other comprehensive income/(loss)(i)                           774          (734)               40
                                                                                                         (i)     Includes surplus restriction of £3 million (2020 – £3 million).
 Contributions by the group                                     156             —              156
 Employee contributions                                             5            (5)             —       The disclosures have been prepared in accordance with IFRIC 14. In
                                                                                                         particular, where the calculation for a plan results in a surplus, the
 Benefits paid                                                 (489)          489                —
                                                                                                         recognised asset is limited to the present value of any available future
 At 30 June 2020                                           10,422        (10,057)             365        refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan,
 Exchange differences                                         (214)          245                 31      and any additional liabilities are recognised as required. The DPS at 30
 Charge before taxation(ii)                                     149         (236)              (87)      June 2021 had a net surplus of £840 million (2020 – £934 million; 2019 –
 Other comprehensive income/(loss)(i)                             (6)          22                16      £906 million). This surplus has been recognised, with no provision made
                                                                                                         against it, as it is expected to be recoverable through a combination of a
 Contributions by the group                                     122             —             122
                                                                                                         reduction in future cash contributions or ultimately via a cash refund
 Settlements paid(iii)                                        (169)           169                —
                                                                                                         when the last member’s obligations have been met.
 Employee contributions                                            4            (4)              —
                                                                                                         (b) Principal risks and assumptions
 Benefits paid                                                (416)           416                —
                                                                                                         The material post employment plans are not exposed to any unusual,
 At 30 June 2021                                             9,892        (9,445)             447
                                                                                                         entity specific or scheme specific risks but there are general risks:
(i) Excludes surplus restriction.
(ii) Includes net settlement gain of £14 million.                                                        Inflation – The majority of the plans’ obligations are linked to inflation.
(iii) Includes £151 million in respect of a settlement in the US Cash Balance plan.                      Higher inflation will lead to increased liabilities which is partially offset by
                                                                                                         the plans holding inflation linked gilts, swaps and caps against the level
The plan assets and liabilities by type of post employment benefit and                                   of inflationary increases.
country is as follows:                                                                                   Interest rate – The plan liabilities are determined using discount rates
                                                                                                         derived from yields on AA-rated corporate bonds. A decrease in
                                                    2021                           2020
                                                                                                         corporate bond yields will increase plan liabilities though this will be




                                                                                                                                                                                                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                 Plan            Plan         Plan              Plan
                                               assets      liabilities      assets         liabilities
                                                                                                         partially offset by an increase in the value of the bonds held by the post
                                             £ million      £ million     £ million        £ million     employment plans.
 Pensions
                                                                                                         Mortality – The majority of the obligations are to provide benefits for
       United Kingdom                          7,341        (6,580)         7,696          (6,831)       the life of the members and their partners, so any increase in life
       Ireland                                 1,826        (1,926)         1,810          (2,031)       expectancy will result in an increase in the plans’ liabilities.
       United States                             470          (373)           660             (578)      Asset returns – Assets held by the pension plans are invested in a
       Other                                     186          (225)           183             (240)      diversified portfolio of equities, bonds and other assets. Volatility in asset
 Post employment medical                            2         (262)                2          (288)      values will lead to movements in the net deficit/surplus reported in the
 Other post employment                            67            (79)            71              (89)     consolidated balance sheet for post employment plans which in
                                               9,892        (9,445)       10,422          (10,057)
                                                                                                         addition will also impact the post employment expense in the
                                                                                                         consolidated income statement.


The following weighted average assumptions were used to determine the group’s deficit/surplus in the main post employment plans at 30 June in
the relevant year. The assumptions used to calculate the charge/credit in the consolidated income statement for the year ending 30 June are based
on the assumptions disclosed as at the previous 30 June.

                                                                                   United Kingdom                                      Ireland                                          United States(i)
                                                                            2021              2020             2019          2021           2020            2019             2021                 2020            2019
                                                                              %                 %                %             %              %               %                %                    %               %

 Rate of general increase in salaries(ii)                                    3.4               3.2             3.6            3.0            2.6             2.3               —                    —               —
 Rate of increase to pensions in payment                                     3.1               3.0             3.2            1.7            1.4             1.5               —                    —               —
 Rate of increase to deferred pensions                                       2.5               2.1             2.2            1.6            1.2             1.3               —                    —               —
 Discount rate for plan liabilities                                          1.9               1.5             2.3            1.0            1.2             1.2              2.7                  2.6              3.4
 Inflation – CPI                                                             2.5               2.1             2.2            1.6            1.2             1.3              2.3                  1.4              1.7
 Inflation - RPI                                                             3.0               2.8             3.2            —               —              —                 —                    —               —
(i)     The salary increase assumption in the United States is not a significant assumption as only a minimal amount of members’ pension entitlement is dependent on a member’s projected final
        salary.
(ii)    The salary increase assumptions include an allowance for age related promotional salary increases.




       DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                                                            Diageo Annual Report 2021                             165
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  165
For the principal UK and Irish pension funds, the table below illustrates the expected age at death of an average worker who retires currently at the
age of 65, and one who is currently aged 45 and subsequently retires at the age of 65:
                                                                                United Kingdom(i)                                    Ireland(ii)                                     United States
                                                                           2021               2020             2019         2021             2020              2019         2021              2020             2019
                                                                            Age                Age              Age          Age              Age               Age          Age               Age              Age

 Retiring currently at age 65
 Male                                                                      87.2              86.4             86.2         86.9             86.6              86.5         85.4              85.6             85.7
 Female                                                                    88.7              88.7             88.5         89.3             89.3              89.2         87.1              87.3             87.7
 Currently aged 45, retiring at age 65
 Male                                                                      88.6              88.5             88.3         88.6             89.6              89.5         86.9              87.2             87.3
 Female                                                                    90.8              90.8             90.6         91.1             92.3              92.2         88.5              88.9             89.3
(i)    Based on the CMI’s S3 mortality tables with scaling factors based on the experience of the plan and where people live, with suitable future improvements.
(ii)   Based on the ‘00’ series of mortality tables with scaling factors based on the experience of the plan and with suitable future improvements.

For the significant assumptions, the following sensitivity analyses estimate the potential impacts on the consolidated income statement for the year
ended 30 June 2022 and on the plan liabilities at 30 June 2021:
                                                                                    United Kingdom                                    Ireland                                 United States and other
                                                                       Operating        Profit after           Plan     Operating     Profit after             Plan     Operating       Profit after           Plan
                                                                           profit         taxation     liabilities(i)       profit      taxation       liabilities(i)       profit        taxation     liabilities(i)
 Benefit/(cost)                                                         £ million         £ million      £ million       £ million      £ million        £ million       £ million        £ million      £ million

 Effect of 0.5% increase in discount rate                                      5                18            532               2                  3          159               1                2              26
 Effect of 0.5% decrease in discount rate                                     (5)              (15)          (611)             (2)              (3)          (183)             (1)              (2)            (29)
 Effect of 0.5% increase in inflation                                         (4)              (11)          (466)             (1)              (2)          (109)             (1)              (1)            (12)
 Effect of 0.5% decrease in inflation                                          5                10            351               1                  2          131               1                 1             12
 Effect of one year increase in life expectancy                               (1)               (5)          (279)            —                 (1)            (87)           —                 (1)            (19)
(i)    The estimated effect on the liabilities excludes the impact of any interest rate and inflation swaps held by the pension plans.
(1)    The sensitivity analyses above have been determined based on reasonably possible changes of the respective assumptions and may not be representative of the actual change. Each
       sensitivity is calculated on a change in the key assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. The sensitivity to inflation includes the impact on all inflation linked assumptions
       (e.g. pension increases and salary increases where appropriate).

(c) Investment and hedging strategy
The investment strategy for the group’s funded post employment plans is determined locally by the trustees of the plan and/or Diageo, as
appropriate, and takes account of the relevant statutory requirements. The objective of the investment strategy is to achieve a target rate of return in
excess of the movement on the liabilities, whilst taking an acceptable level of investment risk relative to the liabilities. This objective is implemented
by using the funds of the plans to invest in a variety of asset classes that are expected over the long-term to deliver a target rate of return. The
majority of the investment strategies have significant amounts allocated to equities, with the intention that this will result in the ongoing cost to the
group of the post employment plans being lower over the long-term, within acceptable boundaries of risk. Significant amounts are invested in bonds
in order to provide a natural hedge against movements in the liabilities of the plans. At 30 June 2021, approximately 86% and 90% (2020 – 82% and
90%) of the UK Scheme’s liabilities measured on the Trustee's funding basis were hedged against future movements in gilt based interest rates and
RPI inflation, respectively, through the combined effect of bonds and swaps. At 30 June 2021, approximately 62% and 76% (2020 – 48% and 70%) of
the Irish Scheme’s liabilities measured on the Trustee's funding basis were hedged against future movements in euro government bond based
interest rates and euro inflation, respectively, through the combined effect of bonds and swaps.
     The discount rates used are based on the yields of high-quality fixed income investments. For the UK plans, which represent approximately 70%
of total plan liabilities, the discount rate is determined by reference to the yield curves of AA-rated corporate bonds for which the timing and amount
of cash outflows are similar to those of the plans. A similar process is used to determine the discount rates used for the non-UK plans.




 166
166            DIAGEO
            Diageo    Annual
                   Annual    Report
                          Report    2021
                                 2021
An analysis of the fair value of the plan assets is as follows:
                                                                                    2021                                                                      2020
                                                            United                         United States                              United                         United States
                                                          Kingdom             Ireland         and other              Total          Kingdom              Ireland        and other             Total
                                                          £ million         £ million          £ million          £ million         £ million          £ million         £ million         £ million

 Equities
      Quoted                                                   —                308                158                466                  1              315                255                 571
      Unquoted and private equity                             604                 —                 18                622               501                   1               21                 523
 Bonds
      Fixed-interest government                               147                 81                51                279               114               124                 50                 288
      Inflation-linked government                              —                239                 —                 239                —                247                 —                  247
      Investment grade corporate                              512               355                391             1,258                507               306                467             1,280
      Non-investment grade                                    151               117                 12                280               137                 77                17                 231
      Loan securities                                      1,789                279                 —              2,068              1,697               328                 —              2,025
      Repurchase agreements                                3,608                  —                 —              3,608              4,809                 —                 —              4,809
      Liability driven investment (LDI)                       212                 66                —                 278               222                 64                —                  286
 Property - unquoted                                          685                 72                  1               758               620                 85                  1                706
 Hedge funds                                                  101               139                   4               244                92               134                   4                230
 Interest rate and inflation swaps                           (994)              108                 —                (886)           (1,048)                66                —                  (982)
 Cash and other                                               526                62                 90                678                44                 63               101                 208
 Total bid value of assets                                 7,341              1,826                725             9,892              7,696             1,810                916           10,422
(1)   The asset classes include some cash holdings that are temporary. This cash is likely to be invested imminently and so has been included in the asset class where it is anticipated to be
      invested in the long-term.

Total cash contributions by the group to all post employment plans in the year ending 30 June 2022 are estimated to be approximately £120 million.

(d) Deficit funding arrangements
UK plans
In the year ended 30 June 2011 the group established a Pension Funding Partnership (PFP) in respect of the UK Scheme. Whisky inventory was
transferred into the partnership but the group retains control over the partnership which at 30 June 2021 held inventory with a book value of £564




                                                                                                                                                                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
million (2020 – £586 million). The partnership is fully consolidated in the group financial statements. The UK Scheme has a limited interest in the
partnership and, as a partner, is entitled to a distribution from the profits of the partnership. Following the finalisation of the trustee valuation at 1
April 2018 the PFP was amended and the contribution to the DPS in the year ended 30 June 2021 was nil (2020 – £11 million). The arrangement is
expected to cease in 2030, and contributions to the UK scheme in any year will be dependent on the funding position of the UK scheme at the
previous 31 March.
    In 2030 the group will be required, dependent upon the funding position of the UK Scheme at that time, to pay an amount not greater than the
actuarial deficit at that time, up to a maximum of £430 million in cash, to purchase the UK Scheme’s interest in the partnership. If the UK Scheme is in
surplus at an actuarial triennial valuation excluding the value of the PFP, then the group can exit the PFP with the agreement of the trustees.
Irish plans
The group has agreed a deficit funding arrangement with the trustees of the Irish Scheme under which it contributes to the Irish Scheme €23 million
(£20 million) per annum until the year ending 30 June 2028. The agreement also provides for additional cash contributions up to €106 million (£91
million) if the deficit is not reduced at each triennial valuation in line with agreed deficit targets up to 2027. As part of this funding plan, Diageo has
also granted to the Irish Scheme a contingent asset comprising mortgages over certain land and buildings and fixed and floating charges over certain
receivables of the group up to a value of €200 million (£171 million) or the amount of the deficit at each triennial valuation if less. The 31 December
2018 triennial actuarial valuation did not result in any additional funding requirement.
(e) Timing of benefit payments
The following table provides information on the timing of the benefit payments and the average duration of the defined benefit obligations and the
distribution of the timing of benefit payments:
                                                                                                 United Kingdom                           Ireland                          United States
                                                                                                  2021                2020            2021                2020             2021               2020
                                                                                               £ million           £ million       £ million           £ million        £ million          £ million
 Maturity analysis of benefits expected to be paid
 Within one year                                                                                   288                346                84                 76                52                  56
 Between 1 to 5 years                                                                           1,112               1,202              338                364               145                  202
 Between 6 to 15 years                                                                          2,606               2,556              656                691               247                  357
 Between 16 to 25 years                                                                         2,314               2,083              588                627               145                  196
 Beyond 25 years                                                                                2,840               2,648              746                918               138                  173
 Total                                                                                          9,160               8,835            2,412              2,676               727                  984
                                                                                                  years               years            years              years             years                years
 Average duration of the defined benefit obligation                                                 18                  18               18                 18                11                  11

The projected benefit payments are based on the assumptions underlying the assessment of the obligations, including inflation. They are disclosed
undiscounted and therefore appear large relative to the discounted value of the plan liabilities recognised in the consolidated balance sheet. They are
in respect of benefits that have accrued at the balance sheet date and make no allowance for any benefits accrued subsequently.
(f) Related party disclosures
Information on transactions between the group and its pension plans is given in note 20.

  DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                                                         Diageo Annual Report 2021                    167
                                                                                                                                                                                                 167
14. Working capital                                                                                (b) Trade and other receivables

 Accounting policies                                                                                                                        2021                       2020
                                                                                                                                       Current Non-current       Current      Non-current
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.                                                                  assets      assets        assets           assets
 Cost includes raw materials, direct labour and expenses, an appropriate                                                              £ million   £ million     £ million        £ million

 proportion of production and other overheads, but not borrowing                                   Trade receivables                   1,817            —        1,498                —
 costs. Cost is calculated at the weighted average cost incurred in                                Interest receivable                    35            —            29               —
 acquiring inventories. Maturing inventories and raw materials which                               VAT recoverable and other
 are retained for more than one year are classified as current assets, as                            prepaid taxes                       216            18         192                13
 they are expected to be realised in the normal operating cycle.                                   Other receivables                     148            18         210                31
 Trade and other receivables are initially recognised at fair value less                           Prepayments                           150            —          157                  2
 transaction costs and subsequently carried at amortised cost less any                             Accrued income                         19            —            25               —
 allowance for discounts and doubtful debts. Trade receivables arise
                                                                                                                                       2,385            36       2,111                46
 from contracts with customers, and are recognised when performance
 obligations are satisfied, and the consideration due is unconditional as
                                                                                                   At 30 June 2021, approximately 15%, 28% and 9% of the group’s trade
 only the passage of time is required before the payment is received.
                                                                                                   receivables of £1,817 million are due from counterparties based in the
 Allowance losses are calculated by reviewing lifetime expected credit
                                                                                                   United Kingdom, the United States and India, respectively. Accrued
 losses using historic and forward-looking data on credit risk.
                                                                                                   income primarily represents amounts receivable from customers in
 Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value                                   respect of performance obligations satisfied but not yet invoiced.
 including transaction costs and subsequently carried at amortised                                     The aged analysis of trade receivables, net of expected credit loss
 costs. Contingent consideration recognised in business combinations                               allowance, is as follows:
 are subsequently measured at fair value through income statement.
 The group evaluates supplier arrangements against a number of                                                                                                    2021              2020
                                                                                                                                                               £ million         £ million
 indicators to assess if the liability has the characteristics of a trade
                                                                                                   Not overdue                                                  1,771             1,379
 payable or should be classified as borrowings. These indicators include
 whether payment terms are similar to customary payment terms.                                     Overdue 1 – 30 days                                               15                 5

 Provisions are liabilities of uncertain timing or amount. A provision is                          Overdue 31 – 60 days                                               8               23
 recognised if, as a result of a past event, the group has a present legal                         Overdue 61 – 90 days                                               6               39
 or constructive obligation that can be estimated reliably, and it is                              Overdue 91 – 180 days                                              7               39
 probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to                                 Overdue more than 180 days                                        10               13
 settle the obligation. Provisions are calculated on a discounted basis.                                                                                        1,817             1,498
 The carrying amounts of provisions are reviewed at each balance sheet
 date and adjusted to reflect the current best estimate.
                                                                                                   Trade and other receivables are disclosed net of expected credit loss
(a) Inventories                                                                                    allowance for doubtful debts, an analysis of which is as follows:

                                                                          2021          2020
                                                                                                                                                      2021         2020             2019
                                                                       £ million     £ million
                                                                                                                                                   £ million    £ million        £ million
 Raw materials and consumables                                             348              363    Balance at beginning of the year                   160          113                97
 Work in progress                                                            60             48     Exchange differences                                (13)           (3)               3
 Maturing inventories                                                   4,668          4,562       Income statement (income)/charge                    (15)          55               23
 Finished goods and goods for resale                                       969              799    Written off                                         (20)           (5)            (10)
                                                                        6,045          5,772                                                          112          160               113

Maturing inventories include whisk(e)y, rum, tequila and Chinese white                             Management has considered the elevated credit risk on trade and other
spirits. The following amounts of inventories are expected to be utilised                          receivables. At 30 June 2020, this resulted in a charge of £55 million for
after more than one year:                                                                          impairment provisions recognised in the income statement out of which
                                                                                                   £29 million expected credit loss allowance was due to the global
                                                                          2021          2020       financial uncertainty arising from the Covid-19 pandemic.
                                                                       £ million     £ million

 Raw materials and consumables                                               17             18
 Maturing inventories                                                   3,296          3,740
                                                                        3,313          3,758

Inventories are disclosed net of provisions for obsolescence, an analysis
of which is as follows:

                                                            2021           2020         2019
                                                         £ million      £ million    £ million

 Balance at beginning of the year                             98             63             71
 Exchange differences                                          (8)           —              —
 Income statement charge/(release)(i)                         20             47              (3)
 Utilised                                                    (14)           (12)             (5)
                                                              96             98             63
(i)   Income statement charge in the year ended 30 June 2021 includes a release of £4
      million exceptional gain (2020 – exceptional charge of £23 million) due to Covid-19
      pandemic.




 168
168            DIAGEO
            Diageo    Annual
                   Annual    Report
                          Report    2021
                                 2021
(c) Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                2021                             2020
                                                                                                         Current       Non-current        Current       Non-current
                                                                                                       liabilities       liabilities    liabilities        liabilities
                                                                                                        £ million         £ million     £ million          £ million

Trade payables                                                                                           2,014                  —        1,333                    —
Interest payable                                                                                            124                 —           152                   —
Tax and social security excluding income tax                                                                656                 —           698                   —
Other payables                                                                                              606               338           420                 175
Accruals                                                                                                 1,152                  —           971                   —
Deferred income                                                                                              72                 —             79                  —
Dividend payable to non-controlling interests                                                                24                 —             30                  —
                                                                                                         4,648                338        3,683                  175

Interest payable at 30 June 2021 includes interest on non-derivative financial instruments of £122 million (2020 – £148 million). Accruals at 30 June
2021 include £455 million (2020 – £359 million) accrued discounts attributed to sales recognised. Deferred income represents amounts paid by
customers in respect of performance obligations not yet satisfied. The amount of contract liabilities recognised as revenue in the current year is
£79 million (2020 – £56 million). Non-current liabilities include net present value of contingent consideration in respect of prior acquisitions for £320
million (2020 – £156 million). For further information on contingent consideration please refer to note 15g.
     Together with the group’s partner banks supply chain financing (SCF) facilities are provided to our suppliers in certain countries. These
arrangements enable suppliers to receive funding earlier than the invoice due date at their discretion and at their own cost. The group settles trade
payables in accordance with agreed payment terms with the supplier. At 30 June 2021, the amount that has been subject to SCF and accounted for
as trade payables was £465 million (2020 – £309 million).
(d) Provisions

                                                                                                                       Thalidomide        Other              Total
                                                                                                                          £ million    £ million          £ million

At 30 June 2020                                                                                                               199          277                 476
Exchange differences                                                                                                             (1)        (30)                (31)
Provisions charged during the year                                                                                              —             80                 80




                                                                                                                                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Provisions utilised during the year                                                                                            (15)       (105)               (120)
Unwinding of discounts                                                                                                            7           —                    7
At 30 June 2021                                                                                                               190          222                 412
Current liabilities                                                                                                             15         123                 138
Non-current liabilities                                                                                                       175             99               274
                                                                                                                              190          222                 412

(a) Provisions have been established in respect of the discounted value of the group’s commitment to the UK and Australian Thalidomide Trusts.
These provisions will be utilised over the period of the commitments up to 2037.
(b) The largest items in other provisions at 30 June 2021 are £45 million (2020 - £47 million) in respect of employee deferred compensation plans
which will be utilised when employees leave the group and £33 million (2020 - £81 million) in respect of 'Raising the Bar' programme launched in
June 2020, a two-year global programme to support pubs and bars to welcome customers back and recover following the Covid-19 pandemic.




                                                                                                                        Diageo Annual Report 2021               169
Risk management and capital structure
Introduction
This section sets out the policies and procedures applied to manage the group’s capital structure and the financial risks the group is exposed to.
Diageo considers the following components of its balance sheet to be capital: borrowings and equity. Diageo manages its capital structure to achieve
capital efficiency, provide flexibility to invest through the economic cycle and give efficient access to debt markets at attractive cost levels.

15. Financial instruments and risk management
Accounting policies
Financial assets and liabilities are initially recorded at fair value including, where permitted by IFRS 9, any directly attributable transaction costs. For
those financial assets that are not subsequently held at fair value, the group assesses whether there is evidence of impairment at each balance sheet
date.
    The group classifies its financial assets and liabilities into the following categories: financial assets and liabilities at amortised cost, financial assets
and liabilities at fair value through profit and loss and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income.
    The accounting policies for other investments and loans are described in note 12, for trade and other receivables and payables in note 14
and for cash and cash equivalents in note 16.
Financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include derivative assets and liabilities. Where financial assets or liabilities are
eligible to be carried at either amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income, the group does not apply the fair value option.
Derivative financial instruments are carried at fair value using a discounted cash flow model based on market data applied consistently for similar
types of instruments. Gains and losses on derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment are taken to the income statement as they
arise.
Other financial liabilities are carried at amortised cost unless they are part of a fair value hedge relationship. The difference between the initial
carrying amount of the financial liabilities and their redemption value is recognised in the income statement over the contractual terms using the
effective interest rate method. The Zacapa related financial liabilities are recognised at fair value.
Hedge accounting
The group designates and documents certain derivatives as hedging instruments against changes in fair value of recognised assets and liabilities
(fair value hedges), highly probable forecast transactions or the cash flow risk from a change in exchange or interest rates (cash flow hedges) and
hedges of net investments in foreign operations (net investment hedges). The designated portion of the hedging instruments is included in other
financial assets and liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. The effectiveness of such hedges is assessed at inception and at least on a quarterly
basis, using prospective testing. Methods used for testing effectiveness include dollar offset, critical terms, regression analysis and hypothetical
models.
Fair value hedges are used to manage the currency and/or interest rate risks to which the fair value of certain assets and liabilities are exposed.
Changes in the fair value of the derivatives are recognised in the income statement, along with any changes in the relevant fair value of the
underlying hedged asset or liability.
    If such a hedge relationship no longer meets hedge accounting criteria, fair value movements on the derivative continue to be taken to the
income statement while any fair value adjustments made to the underlying hedged item to that date are amortised through the income statement
over its remaining life using the effective interest rate method.
Cash flow hedges are used to hedge the foreign currency risk of highly probable future foreign currency cash flows, the commodity price risk of
highly probable future transactions, as well as the cash flow risk from changes in exchange or interest rates. The effective portion of the gain or loss
on the hedges is recognised in other comprehensive income, while any ineffective part is recognised in the income statement. Amounts recorded
in other comprehensive income are recycled to the income statement in the same period in which the underlying foreign currency, commodity
exposure or interest exposure affects the income statement.
Net investment hedges take the form of either foreign currency borrowings or derivatives. Foreign exchange differences arising on translation of
net investments are recorded in other comprehensive income and included in the exchange reserve. Liabilities used as hedging instruments are
revalued at closing exchange rates and the resulting gains or losses are also recognised in other comprehensive income to the extent that they are
effective, with any ineffectiveness taken to the income statement. Foreign exchange contracts hedging net investments are carried at fair value.
Effective fair value movements are recognised in other comprehensive income, with any ineffectiveness taken to the income statement.

The group’s funding, liquidity and exposure to foreign currency and interest rate risks are managed by the group’s treasury department. The treasury
department uses a range of financial instruments to manage these underlying risks.
     Treasury operations are conducted within a framework of Board-approved policies and guidelines, which are recommended and monitored by
the finance committee, chaired by the Chief Financial Officer. The policies and guidelines include benchmark exposure and/or hedge cover levels for
key areas of treasury risk which are periodically reviewed by the Board following, for example, significant business, strategic or accounting changes.
The framework provides for limited defined levels of flexibility in execution to allow for the optimal application of the Board-approved strategies.
Transactions arising from the application of this flexibility are carried at fair value, gains or losses are taken to the income statement as they arise and
are separately monitored on a daily basis using Value at Risk analysis. In the years ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020 gains and losses on these
transactions were not material. The group does not use derivatives for speculative purposes. All transactions in derivative financial instruments are
initially undertaken to manage the risks arising from underlying business activities.
     The group purchases insurance for commercial or, where required, for legal or contractual reasons. In addition, the group retains insurable risk
where external insurance is not considered an economic means of mitigating these risks.
     The finance committee receives a monthly report on the key activities of the treasury department, which would identify any exposures which
differ from the defined benchmarks, should they arise.




 170
170        DIAGEO
        Diageo    Annual
               Annual    Report
                      Report    2021
                             2021
(a) Currency risk                                                                                                                   2021                          2020

The group presents its consolidated financial statements in sterling and                                                  £ million               %      £ million         %

conducts business in many currencies. As a result, it is subject to foreign    Fixed rate                                   9,278                77       9,213           70
currency risk due to exchange rate movements, which will affect the            Floating rate(i)                             2,521                21       3,746           28
group’s transactions and the translation of the results and underlying net     Impact of financial derivatives
assets of its operations. To manage the currency risk the group uses             and fair value adjustments                       (53)            (1)       (183)         (1)
certain financial instruments. Where hedge accounting is applied,
                                                                               Lease liabilities                                  363             3          470           3
hedges are documented and tested for effectiveness on an ongoing
basis. The impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on the group's cash flow            Net borrowings                             12,109             100         13,246          100
hedges has been considered to determine if the hedged forecast cash           (i)   The floating rate portion of net borrowings includes cash and cash equivalents,
flows remain ‘highly probable’, in relation to forecasted sales                     collaterals, floating rate loans and bonds and bank overdrafts.
transactions on the net US dollar exposure of the group and other             The table below sets out the average monthly net borrowings and
hedged currency pairs. In making this assessment, the potential financial     effective interest rate:
impact of the Covid-19 pandemic has been modelled in the group's
                                                                                      Average monthly net borrowings                         Effective interest rate
cash flow projections and stress tested. For the year ended 30 June 2021,
                                                                                         2021            2020            2019              2021            2020          2019
no material ineffectiveness was recognized based on the group’s                       £ million       £ million       £ million              %               %             %
assessment, however if there was a reduction in foreign currency                      12,702          12,708          10,393               2.7              2.6          2.4
forecast transactions, any potential ineffectiveness would be recognized
                                                                              (1)   For this calculation, net interest charge excludes fair value adjustments to derivative
in the consolidated income statement.
                                                                                    financial instruments and borrowings and average monthly net borrowings includes the
Hedge of net investment in foreign operations                                       impact of interest rate swaps that are no longer in a hedge relationship but excludes the
                                                                                    market value adjustment for cross currency interest rate swaps.
The group hedges a certain portion of its exposure to fluctuations in the
sterling value of its foreign operations by designating borrowings held in    IBOR reform
foreign currencies and using foreign currency spots, forwards, swaps and      In accordance with the UK Financial Conduct Authority’s announcement
other financial derivatives. For the year ended 30 June 2021 the group’s      on 5 March 2021, LIBOR benchmark rates will be discontinued after 31
guidance was to maintain total net investment Value at Risk to total Net      December 2021 except majority of the US dollar settings which will be
Asset value below 20%, where Value at Risk is defined as the maximum          discontinued after 30 June 2023. There will be amendments to the
amount of loss over a one-year period with a 95% probability confidence       contractual terms of IBOR-referenced interest rates and the
level.                                                                        corresponding update of the hedge designations. The changed
    At 30 June 2021 foreign currency borrowings designated in net             reference rate may also affect other systems, processes, risks and fair
investment hedge relationships amounted to £7,780 million (2020 –             valuation of financial instruments, however the group do not expect
£9,127 million), including financial derivatives.                             material tax and accounting implications.




                                                                                                                                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  Included in the floating rate net borrowings are interest rate swaps
Hedge of foreign currency debt                                                designated in fair value hedges, with a notional amount of £2,338 million
The group uses cross currency interest rate swaps to hedge the foreign        (2020: £3,156 million) whose interest rates are based on USD LIBOR.
currency risk associated with certain foreign currency denominated
borrowings.                                                                   (c) Commodity price risk
                                                                              Commodity price risk is managed in line with the principles approved by
Transaction exposure hedging
                                                                              the Board either through long-term purchase contracts with suppliers or,
The group’s policy is to hedge up to 24 months forecast transactional
                                                                              where appropriate, derivative contracts. The group policy is to maintain
foreign currency risk on the net US dollar exposure of the group
                                                                              the Value at Risk of commodity price risk arisen from commodity
targeting 75% coverage for the current financial year and up to 18
                                                                              exposures below 75 bps of forecast gross margin in any given financial
months for other currency pairs. The group’s exposure to foreign
                                                                              year. Where derivative contracts are used the commodity price risk
currency risk arising principally on forecasted sales transactions is
                                                                              exposure is hedged up to 24 months of forecast volume through
managed using forward agreements and options.
                                                                              exchange-traded and over-the-counter contracts (futures, forwards and
(b) Interest rate risk                                                        swaps) and cash flow hedge accounting is applied.
The group has an exposure to interest rate risk, arising principally on       (d) Market risk sensitivity analysis
changes in US dollar, euro and sterling interest rates. To manage interest
rate risk, the group manages its proportion of fixed to floating rate         The group uses a sensitivity analysis that estimates the impacts on the
borrowings within limits approved by the Board, primarily through             consolidated income statement and other comprehensive income of
issuing fixed and floating rate borrowings and commercial paper, and by       either an instantaneous increase or decrease of 0.5% in market interest
utilising interest rate swaps. These practices aim to minimise the group’s    rates or a 10% strengthening or weakening in sterling against all other
net finance charges with acceptable year-on-year volatility. To facilitate    currencies, from the rates applicable at 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020,
operational efficiency and effective hedge accounting, for the year           for each class of financial instruments with all other variables remaining
ended 30 June 2021 the group’s policy was to maintain fixed rate              constant. The sensitivity analysis excludes the impact of market risks on
borrowings within a band of 40% to 60% of forecast net borrowings. In         the net post employment benefit liabilities and assets, and corporate tax
July 2020 the Board approved to temporarily amend the approved 40% -          payable. This analysis is for illustrative purposes only, as in practice
60% fixed debt band to 40% - 80% and subsequently in December 2020            interest and foreign exchange rates rarely change in isolation.
the Board approved to temporarily increase the band range to 40% -
90% for a period of 3 years until 31 December 2023. For these
calculations, net borrowings exclude interest rate related fair value
adjustments. The majority of the group’s existing interest rate derivatives
are designated as hedges and are expected to be effective. Fair value of
these derivatives is recognised in the income statement, along with any
changes in the relevant fair value of the underlying hedged asset or
liability. The group's net borrowings interest rate profile as at 30 June
2021 and 2020 is as follows:




 DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                                    Diageo Annual Report 2021                  171
                                                                                                                                                                         171
The sensitivity analysis estimates the impact of changes in interest and                           When derivative transactions are undertaken with bank counterparties,
foreign exchange rates. All hedges are expected to be highly effective                             the group may, where appropriate, enter into certain agreements with
for this analysis and it considers the impact of all financial instruments                         such bank counterparties whereby the parties agree to post cash
including financial derivatives, cash and cash equivalents, borrowings                             collateral for the benefit of the other if the net valuations of the
and other financial assets and liabilities. The results of the sensitivity                         derivatives are above a predetermined threshold. At 30 June 2021, the
analysis should not be considered as projections of likely future events,                          collateral held under these agreements amounted to $136 million (£98
gains or losses as actual results in the future may differ materially due to                       million) (2020 – $221 million (£180 million)).
developments in the global financial markets which may cause
                                                                                                   Business related credit risk
fluctuations in interest and exchange rates to vary from the hypothetical
                                                                                                   Loan, trade and other receivables exposures are managed locally in the
amounts disclosed in the table below.
                                                                                                   operating units where they arise and active risk management is applied,
                                            Impact on income          Impact on consolidated       focusing on country risk, credit limits, ongoing credit evaluation and
                                               statement              comprehensive income
                                               gain/(loss)                gain/(loss)(i) (ii)
                                                                                                   monitoring procedures. There is no significant concentration of credit
                                              2021           2020         2021            2020     risk with respect to loans, trade and other receivables as the group has a
                                           £ million      £ million    £ million       £ million   large number of customers which are internationally dispersed.
 0.5% decrease in interest rates                13             19            23             45
                                                                                                   (f) Liquidity risk
 0.5% increase in interest rates               (13)            (19)         (22)           (43)
                                                                                                   Liquidity risk is the risk that Diageo may encounter difficulties in meeting
 10% weakening of sterling                     (32)            (26)     (1,008)        (1,384)     its obligations associated with financial liabilities that are settled by
 10% strengthening of sterling                  27             22          825          1,132      delivering cash or other financial assets. The group uses short-term
(i)    The impact on foreign currency borrowings and derivatives in net investment hedges is       commercial paper to finance its day-to-day operations. The group’s
       largely offset by the foreign exchange difference arising on the translation of net         policy with regard to the expected maturity profile of borrowings is to
       investments.                                                                                limit the amount of such borrowings maturing within 12 months to 50%
(ii)   The impact on the consolidated statement of comprehensive income includes the
       impact on the income statement.
                                                                                                   of gross borrowings less money market demand deposits, and the level
                                                                                                   of commercial paper to 30% of gross borrowings less money market
(e) Credit risk                                                                                    demand deposits. In addition, the group’s policy is to maintain backstop
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its                             facilities with relationship banks to support commercial paper
contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the group. Credit risk                      obligations.
arises on cash balances (including bank deposits and cash and cash                                      The following tables provide an analysis of the anticipated
equivalents), derivative financial instruments and credit exposures to                             contractual cash flows including interest payable for the group’s
customers, including outstanding loans, trade and other receivables,                               financial liabilities and derivative instruments on an undiscounted basis.
financial guarantees and committed transactions.                                                   Where interest payments are calculated at a floating rate, rates of each
     The carrying amount of financial assets of £5,360 million (2020 –                             cash flow until maturity of the instruments are calculated based on the
£5,989 million) represents the group’s exposure to credit risk at the                              forward yield curve prevailing at the respective year ends. The gross cash
balance sheet date as disclosed in section (i), excluding the impact of                            flows of cross currency swaps are presented for the purposes of this
any collateral held or other credit enhancements. A financial asset is in                          table. All other derivative contracts are presented on a net basis.
default when the counterparty fails to pay its contractual obligations.                            Financial assets and liabilities are presented gross in the consolidated
Financial assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation                           balance sheet although, in practice, the group uses netting
of recovery.                                                                                       arrangements to reduce its liquidity requirements on these instruments.
     Credit risk is managed separately for financial and business related
credit exposures.
Financial credit risk
Diageo aims to minimise its financial credit risk through the application
of risk management policies approved and monitored by the Board.
Counterparties are predominantly limited to major banks and financial
institutions, primarily with a long-term credit rating within the A band or
better, and the policy restricts the exposure to any one counterparty by
setting credit limits taking into account the credit quality of the
counterparty. The group’s policy is designed to ensure that individual
counterparty limits are adhered to and that there are no significant
concentrations of credit risk. The Board also defines the types of financial
instruments which may be transacted. The credit risk arising through the
use of financial instruments for currency and interest rate risk
management is estimated with reference to the fair value of contracts
with a positive value, rather than the notional amount of the instruments
themselves. Diageo annually reviews the credit limits applied and
regularly monitors the counterparties’ credit quality reflecting market
credit conditions.




 172
172           DIAGEO
           Diageo    Annual
                  Annual    Report
                         Report    2021
                                2021
Contractual cash flows
                                                                                                                                                                                        Carrying
                                                                                                                                                                                      amount at
                                                                                            Due within      Due between       Due between           Due after                            balance
                                                                                                1 year      1 and 3 years     3 and 5 years           5 years             Total       sheet date
                                                                                             £ million          £ million         £ million         £ million          £ million        £ million

2021
Borrowings(i)                                                                                     (1,859)        (2,590)           (2,788)           (7,498)          (14,735)        (14,727)
Interest on borrowings(i)(iii)                                                                     (390)           (552)             (467)           (1,375)            (2,784)           (122)
Lease capital repayments                                                                             (82)           (92)               (45)            (144)              (363)           (363)
Lease future interest payments                                                                        (9)           (12)                (8)              (25)              (54)              —
Trade and other financial liabilities(ii)                                                         (3,800)           (71)             (108)             (191)            (4,170)         (4,125)
Non-derivative financial liabilities                                                              (6,140)        (3,317)           (3,416)           (9,233)          (22,106)        (19,337)
Cross currency swaps (gross)
   Receivable                                                                                        57             780                 79            1,294             2,210                —
   Payable                                                                                           (41)          (811)               (56)            (986)            (1,894)              —
Other derivative instruments (net)                                                                  143              54                 —                (23)              174               —
Derivative instruments(iii)                                                                         159              23                 23              285                490             312
2020
Borrowings(i)                                                                                     (1,994)        (2,980)            (3,080)           (8,615)          (16,669)        (16,785)
                           (i)(iii)
Interest on borrowings                                                                              (466)          (669)              (541)           (1,741)           (3,417)            (148)
Lease capital repayments                                                                            (106)          (135)               (71)             (158)             (470)            (470)
Lease future interest payments                                                                        (9)            (13)               (9)              (31)               (62)             —
Trade and other financial liabilities(ii)                                                         (2,833)          (127)               (48)              (35)           (3,043)          (3,006)
Non-derivative financial liabilities                                                              (5,408)        (3,924)            (3,749)          (10,580)          (23,661)        (20,409)
Cross currency swaps (gross)
   Receivable                                                                                        65             902                 89             1,506             2,562               —
   Payable                                                                                           (41)          (824)               (56)           (1,014)           (1,935)              —




                                                                                                                                                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Other derivative instruments (net)                                                                   21               89                45                19               174               —
Derivative instruments(iii)                                                                           45            167                 78               511               801              610
(i) For the purpose of these tables above, borrowings are defined as gross borrowings excluding lease liabilities and fair value of derivative instruments as disclosed in note 16.
(ii) Primarily consists of trade and other payables that meet the definition of financial liabilities under IAS 32.
(iii) Carrying amount of interest on borrowings, interest on derivatives and interest on other payable is included within interest payable in note 14.

The group had available undrawn committed bank facilities as follows:                                 (g) Fair value measurements
                                                                          2021           2020
                                                                                                      Fair value measurements of financial instruments are presented through
                                                                       £ million      £ million       the use of a three-level fair value hierarchy that prioritises the valuation
Expiring within one year                                                   540         2,439          techniques used in fair value calculations.
Expiring between one and two years                                         691           610               The group maintains policies and procedures to value instruments
                                                                                                      using the most relevant data available. If multiple inputs that fall into
Expiring after two years                                                1,287          2,236
                                                                                                      different levels of the hierarchy are used in the valuation of an
                                                                        2,518          5,285          instrument, the instrument is categorised on the basis of the most
                                                                                                      subjective input.
The facilities can be used for general corporate purposes and, together                                    Foreign currency forwards and swaps, cross currency swaps and
with cash and cash equivalents, support the group’s commercial paper                                  interest rate swaps are valued using discounted cash flow techniques.
programmes.                                                                                           These techniques incorporate inputs at levels 1 and 2, such as foreign
     There are no financial covenants on the group’s material short- and                              exchange rates and interest rates. These market inputs are used in the
long-term borrowings. Certain of these borrowings contain cross default                               discounted cash flow calculation incorporating the instrument’s term,
provisions and negative pledges.                                                                      notional amount and discount rate, and taking credit risk into account.
     The committed bank facilities are subject to a single financial                                  As significant inputs to the valuation are observable in active markets,
covenant, being minimum interest cover ratio of two times (defined as                                 these instruments are categorised as level 2 in the hierarchy.
the ratio of operating profit before exceptional items, aggregated with                                    Other financial liabilities include a put option, which does not have
share of after tax results of associates and joint ventures, to net interest).                        an expiry date, held by Industrias Licoreras de Guatemala (ILG) to sell the
They are also subject to pari passu ranking and negative pledge                                       remaining 50% equity stake in Rum Creations & Products Inc, the owner
covenants.                                                                                            of the Zacapa rum brand, to Diageo. The liability is fair valued and as at
     Any non-compliance with covenants underlying Diageo’s financing                                  30 June 2021 an amount of £149 million (30 June 2020 - £167 million) is
arrangements could, if not waived, constitute an event of default with                                recognised as a liability with changes in the fair value of the put option
respect to any such arrangements, and any non-compliance with                                         included in retained earnings. As the valuation of this option uses
covenants may, in particular circumstances, lead to an acceleration of                                assumptions not observable in the market, it is categorised as level 3 in
maturity on certain borrowings and the inability to access committed                                  the hierarchy. As at 30 June 2021, because it is unknown when or if ILG
facilities. Diageo was in full compliance with its financial, pari passu                              will exercise the option, the liability is measured as if the exercise date is
ranking and negative pledge covenants in respect of its material short-                               on the last day of the next financial year considering forecast future
and long-term borrowings throughout each of the years presented.                                      performance. The option is sensitive to reasonably possible changes in
                                                                                                      assumptions. If the option were to be exercised as at 30 June 2023, the
                                                                                                      fair value of the liability would increase by approximately £4 million.




  DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                                                        Diageo Annual Report 2021                173
                                                                                                                                                                                            173
Included in other financial liabilities, the contingent consideration on acquisition of businesses represents the present value of payments up to £474
million linked to certain performance targets which are expected to be paid over the next 10 years.
    There were no significant changes in the measurement and valuation techniques, or significant transfers between the levels of the financial assets
and liabilities in the year ended 30 June 2021.
    The group’s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value are categorised as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                             2021                    2020
                                                                                                                                                                          £ million               £ million

 Derivative assets                                                                                                                                                            443                    758
 Derivative liabilities                                                                                                                                                      (129)                  (145)
 Valuation techniques based on observable market input (Level 2)                                                                                                              314                    613
 Financial assets - other                                                                                                                                                     138                    116
 Financial liabilities - other                                                                                                                                               (578)                  (416)
 Valuation techniques based on unobservable market input (Level 3)                                                                                                           (440)                  (300)

In the years ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020, the increase in financial assets - other of £22 million (2020 - £30 million) is principally due to
acquisitions.
    The movements in level 3 instruments, measured on a recurring basis, are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                       Contingent                              Contingent
                                                                                                                                                    consideration                            consideration
                                                                                                                                       Zacapa
                                                                                                                                                    recognised on            Zacapa         recognised on
                                                                                                                                     financial       acquisition of        financial         acquisition of
                                                                                                                                      liability       businesses(i)          liability         businesses
                                                                                                                                       2021                 2021              2020                   2020
                                                                                                                                    £ million            £ million         £ million              £ million

 At the beginning of the year                                                                                                           (167)               (249)             (174)                 (227)
 Net losses included in the income statement                                                                                               (7)                (47)                (6)                 (24)
 Net gains/(losses) included in exchange in other comprehensive income                                                                     21                  31                 (5)                   (5)
 Net (losses)/gains included in retained earnings                                                                                          (2)                 —                   9                   —
 Acquisitions                                                                                                                              —                (253)                —                    (42)
 Settlement of liabilities                                                                                                                  6                  89                  9                   49
 At the end of the year                                                                                                                 (149)               (429)             (167)                 (249)
(i)   Included in the balance at 30 June 2021 is £80 million in respect of the acquisition of Casamigos (30 June 2020 - £173 million), and £177 million in respect of the acquisition of Aviation Gin
      and Davos Brands.

(h) Results of hedge relationships
The group targets a one-to-one hedge ratio. Strengths of the economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument is
analysed on an ongoing basis. Ineffectiveness can arise from subsequent change in the forecast transactions as a result of altered timing, cash flows
or value except when the critical terms of the hedging instrument and hedged item are closely aligned. The change in the credit risk of the hedging
instruments or the hedged items is not expected to be the primary factor in the economic relationship.
    The notional amounts, contractual maturities and rates of the hedging instruments designated in hedging relationships as of 30 June 2021 by the
main risk categories are as follows:
                                                                                           Notional
                                                                                           amounts
                                                                                           £ million                                     Maturity                            Range of hedged rates(i)
 2021
 Net investment hedges
 Derivatives in net investment hedges of foreign operations                                      11                                  July 2021                         Turkish lira 11.86 - 12.22
 Cash flow hedges
 Derivatives in cash flow hedge (foreign currency debt)                                       1,475                  April 2023 - April 2043                               US dollar 1.22 - 1.88
 Derivatives in cash flow hedge (foreign currency exchange risk)                              1,303          September 2021 - December                   US dollar 1.19 - 1.42, euro 1.07 - 1.16
                                                                                                                                  2022
 Derivatives in cash flow hedge (commodity price risk)                                           93                    July 2021 - May 2023                       Corn: 3.63 - 5.17 USD/Bu
                                                                                                                                                      LME Aluminium: 1,631 - 2,421 USD/Mt
 Fair value hedges
 Derivatives in fair value hedge (interest rate risk)                                         4,646              October 2021 - April 2030                                               (0.01) - 3.09%
 2020
 Cash flow hedges
 Derivatives in cash flow hedge (foreign currency debt)                                       1,667                    April 2023 - April 2043                                 US dollar 1.22 - 1.88
 Derivatives in cash flow hedge (foreign currency exchange risk)                              1,428           September 2020 - March 2022                    US dollar 1.19 - 1.36, euro 1.06 - 1.18
 Derivatives in cash flow hedge (commodity price risk)                                          133                July 2020 - February 2023                             Corn: 3.45 - 4.04 USD/Bu
                                                                                                                                                                      Fuel Oil: 1.11 - 1.87 USD/gal
 Fair value hedges
 Derivatives in fair value hedge (interest rate risk)                                         6,092                     July 2020 - April 2030                                            (0.01) - 4.83%

(i)    In case of derivatives in cash flow hedge (commodity price risk and foreign exchange risk) the range of the most significant contract’s hedged rates are presented.




 174
174           DIAGEO
           Diageo    Annual
                  Annual    Report
                         Report    2021
                                2021
For hedges of the cash flow risk from a change in forward exchange rates using cross currency interest rate swaps, the retranslation of the related
bond principal to closing exchange rates and recognition of interest on the related bonds will affect the income statement in each year until the
related bonds mature in 2023, 2036 and 2043. Exchange retranslation and the interest on the hedged bonds in the income statement are expected to
offset those on the cross currency swaps in each of the years.
    In respect of cash flow hedging instruments, a loss of £157 million (2020 – £173 million gain; 2019 – £79 million gain) has been recognised in
other comprehensive income due to changes in fair value. A loss of £10 million has been transferred out of other comprehensive income to other
operating expenses and a loss of £175 million to other finance charges, respectively, (2020 – a loss of £42 million and a gain of £75 million; 2019 – a
loss of £45 million and a gain of £82 million) to offset the foreign exchange impact on the underlying transactions. A gain of £2 million (2020 – £8
million loss, 2019 – £nil) has been transferred out of other comprehensive income to operating profit in relation to commodity hedges. The carrying
amount of hedged items recognised in the statement of financial position in relation to hedges of cash flow risk arising from foreign currency debts
equals the notional value of the hedging instruments at 30 June 2021 and are included within borrowings. The notional amount for cash flow hedges
of foreign currency debt at 30 June 2021 was £1,475 million (2020 – £1,667 million).
    For cash flow hedges of forecast transactions at 30 June 2021, based on year end interest and exchange rates, there is expected to be a gain to
the income statement of £66 million in the year ending 30 June 2022 and a loss of £48 million in the year ending 30 June 2023.
    For hedges, that are no longer applicable at 30 June 2021, a loss of £20 million (2020 – a loss of £20 million) in respect of hedges of foreign
currency borrowings is reported in reserves. There was no significant ineffectiveness on net investment and cash flow hedges during the year ended
30 June 2021.
    The £4,646 million (2020 – £6,092 million) notional value of hedged items in fair value hedges equals to the notional value of hedging
instruments designated in these relationships at 30 June 2021 and the carrying amount of hedged items are included within borrowings in the
statement of financial position.
    For fair value hedges, that are no longer applicable, the accumulated fair value changes shown on the statement of financial position at 30 June
2021 was £5 million (2020 – £13 million).
     The following table sets out information regarding the effectiveness of hedging relationships designated by the group, as well as the impacts on
profit or loss and other comprehensive income:
                                                                                                            Consolidated
                                                                                                            statement of
                                                                     At the beginning         Income      comprehensive                      At the end
                                                                           of the year     statement             income            Other     of the year
                                                                             £ million       £ million          £ million       £ million      £ million
2021
Net investment hedges
Derivatives in net investment hedges of foreign operations                         —               —                    3              (3)           —




                                                                                                                                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Cash flow hedges
Derivatives in cash flow hedge (foreign currency debt)                           469            (175)               (123)            (17)          154
Derivatives in cash flow hedge (foreign currency exchange risk)                   (58)            (26)              111               26             53
Derivatives in cash flow hedge (commodity price risk)                               (9)             2                 39             (16)            16
Fair value hedges
Derivatives in fair value hedge (interest rate risk)                             189            (126)                 —               —              63
Fair value hedge hedged item                                                    (189)            124                  —               —             (65)
Instruments in fair value hedge relationship                                       —               (2)                —               —               (2)
2020
Net investment hedges
Derivatives in net investment hedges of foreign operations                          (1)            —                   (1)              2            —
Cash flow hedges
Derivatives in cash flow hedge (foreign currency debt)                            271              75                146             (23)           469
Derivatives in cash flow hedge (foreign currency exchange risk)                   (57)            (47)                 (1)            47            (58)
Derivatives in cash flow hedge (commodity price risk)                               (9)             (8)                (3)            11              (9)
Fair value hedges
Derivatives in fair value hedge (interest rate risk)                              104              85                 —               —             189
Fair value hedge hedged item                                                     (103)            (86)                —               —            (189)
Instruments in fair value hedge relationship                                         1              (1)               —               —              —




 DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                            Diageo Annual Report 2021     175
                                                                                                                                                    175
(i) Reconciliation of financial instruments
The table below sets out the group’s accounting classification of each class of financial assets and liabilities:

                                                                                        Fair value         Fair value                              Not
                                                                                          through      through other    Assets and        categorised
                                                                                           income     comprehensive   liabilities at     as a financial
                                                                                        statement            income amortised cost         instrument        Total     Current    Non-current
                                                                                          £ million         £ million     £ million           £ million   £ million   £ million      £ million

 2021
 Other investments and loans(i)                                                              121                 17                8                 2       148           —             148
 Trade and other receivables                                                                   —                 —             2,017             404       2,421       2,385              36
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     —                 —             2,749               —       2,749       2,749              —
 Derivatives in fair value hedge (interest rate risk)                                        106                 —                —                —         106             4           102
 Derivatives in cash flow hedge (foreign currency debt)                                      205                 —                —                —         205           —             205
 Derivatives in cash flow hedge (foreign currency exchange risk)                               61                —                —                —           61          57               4
 Derivatives in cash flow hedge (commodity price risk)                                         16                —                —                —           16          14               2
 Other instruments                                                                             55                —                —                —           55          46               9
 Leases                                                                                        —                 —                 5               —             5         —                5
 Total other financial assets                                                                443                 —                 5               —         448         121             327
 Total financial assets                                                                      564                 17            4,779             406       5,766       5,255             511
 Borrowings(ii)                                                                                —                 —        (14,727)                 —      (14,727)    (1,862)       (12,865)
 Trade and other payables                                                                   (429)                —            (3,580)           (977)      (4,986)    (4,648)           (338)
 Derivatives in fair value hedge (interest rate risk)                                         (43)               —                —                —          (43)         —             (43)
 Derivatives in cash flow hedge (foreign currency debt)                                       (51)               —                —                —          (51)         —             (51)
 Derivatives in cash flow hedge (foreign currency exchange risk)                                (8)              —                —                —            (8)         (5)            (3)
 Other instruments                                                                          (176)                —               (91)              —        (267)       (261)              (6)
 Leases                                                                                        —                 —              (363)              —        (363)         (82)          (281)
 Total other financial liabilities                                                          (278)                —              (454)              —        (732)       (348)           (384)
 Total financial liabilities                                                                (707)                —        (18,761)              (977)     (20,445)    (6,858)       (13,587)
 Total net financial (liabilities)/assets                                                   (143)                17       (13,982)              (571)     (14,679)    (1,603)       (13,076)
 2020
 Other investments and loans(i)                                                                96                20                 5                2        123          —             123
 Trade and other receivables                                                                   —                 —             1,784              373       2,157       2,111             46
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     —                 —             3,323               —        3,323       3,323             —
 Derivatives in fair value hedge (interest rate risk)                                         189                —                —                —          189          —             189
 Derivatives in cash flow hedge (foreign currency debt)                                       469                —                —                —          469          —             469
 Derivatives in cash flow hedge (foreign currency exchange risk)                                 8               —                —                —             8           1              7
 Derivatives in cash flow hedge (commodity price risk)                                           1               —                —                —             1           1            —
 Other instruments                                                                             91                —                —                —           91          73             18
 Leases                                                                                        —                 —                  3              —             3         —                3
 Total other financial assets                                                                 758                —                  3              —          761          75            686
 Total financial assets                                                                       854                20            5,115             375        6,364       5,509            855
 Borrowings(ii)                                                                                —                 —            (16,785)             —      (16,785)     (1,995)       (14,790)
 Trade and other payables                                                                    (249)               —             (2,742)           (867)     (3,858)     (3,683)          (175)
 Derivatives in cash flow hedge (foreign currency exchange risk)                              (66)               —                —                —          (66)        (52)            (14)
 Derivatives in cash flow hedge (commodity price risk)                                        (10)               —                —                —          (10)          (9)            (1)
 Other instruments                                                                           (236)               —                —                —         (236)       (222)            (14)
 Leases                                                                                        —                 —              (470)              —         (470)       (106)          (364)
 Total other financial liabilities                                                           (312)               —              (470)              —         (782)       (389)          (393)
 Total financial liabilities                                                                 (561)               —            (19,997)           (867)    (21,425)     (6,067)       (15,358)
 Total net financial assets/(liabilities)                                                     293                20           (14,882)           (492)    (15,061)       (558)       (14,503)
(i)    Other investments and loans are including those in respect of associates.
(ii)   Borrowings are defined as gross borrowings excluding lease liabilities and the fair value of derivative instruments.

At 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020, the carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, other financial assets and liabilities approximate to fair values. At
30 June 2021 the fair value of borrowings, based on unadjusted quoted market data, was £15,895 million (2020 – £18,175 million).




 176
176            DIAGEO
            Diageo    Annual
                   Annual    Report
                          Report    2021
                                 2021
(j) Capital management                                                                                                                                  2021           2020
                                                                                                                                                     £ million      £ million
The group’s management is committed to enhancing shareholder value
in the long-term, both by investing in the business and brands so as to          Bank overdrafts                                                         112           170
deliver continued improvement in the return from those investments               Bank and other loans                                                    160           367
and by managing the capital structure. Diageo manages its capital                Credit support obligations                                               98           180
structure to achieve capital efficiency, provide flexibility to invest           € 775 million 0% bonds due 2020                                          —            711
through the economic cycle and give efficient access to debt markets at
                                                                                 US$ 696 million 4.828% bonds due 2020                                    —            566
attractive cost levels. This is achieved by targeting an adjusted net
                                                                                 € 900 million 0.25% bonds due 2021                                      769             —
borrowings (net borrowings aggregated with post employment benefit
                                                                                                                                (i)
liabilities) to adjusted EBITDA leverage of 2.5 - 3.0 times, this range for      US$ 1,000 million 2.875% bonds due 2022                                 719             —
Diageo being currently broadly consistent with an A band credit rating.          Fair value adjustment to borrowings                                        4              1
Diageo would consider operating outside of this range in order to effect         Borrowings due within one year                                       1,862          1,995
strategic initiatives within its stated goals, which could have an impact        € 900 million 0.25% bonds due 2021                                       —            825
on its rating. If Diageo’s leverage was to be negatively impacted by the
                                                                                 US$ 1,000 million 2.875% bonds due 2022(i)                               —            812
financing of an acquisition, it would seek over time to return to the
range of 2.5 - 3.0 times. The group regularly assesses its debt and equity       US$ 300 million 8% bonds due 2022(i)                                    215           243
capital levels against its stated policy for capital structure. As at 30 June    US$ 1,350 million 2.625% bonds due 2023                                 970         1,096
2021 the adjusted net borrowings (£12,683 million) to adjusted EBITDA            € 600 million 0.125% bonds due 2023                                     511           548
ratio was 2.8 times. For this calculation net borrowings are adjusted by         US$ 500 million 3.5% bonds due 2023                                     360           405
post employment benefit liabilities before tax (£574 million) whilst
                                                                                 US$ 600 million 2.125% bonds due 2024                                   431           487
adjusted EBITDA (£4,527 million) comprises operating profit excluding
                                                                                 € 500 million 1.75% bonds due 2024                                      426           456
exceptional operating items and depreciation, amortisation and
impairment and includes share of after tax results of associates and joint       € 500 million 0.5% bonds due 2024                                       425           456
ventures.                                                                        US$ 750 million 1.375% bonds due 2025                                   537           606
                                                                                 € 600 million 1% bonds due 2025                                         510           546
16. Net borrowings
                                                                                 € 850 million 2.375% bonds due 2026                                     723           776
Accounting policies                                                              £ 500 million 1.75% bonds due 2026                                      497           496
Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value net of transaction costs       € 750 million 1.875% bonds due 2027                                     637           683
and are subsequently reported at amortised cost. Certain bonds are
                                                                                 € 500 million 1.5% bonds due 2027                                       426           457
designated in fair value hedge relationship. In these cases, the
amortised cost is adjusted for the fair value of the risk being hedged,          € 700 million 0.125% bonds due 2028                                     594             —




                                                                                                                                                                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
with changes in value recognised in the income statement. The fair               US$ 500 million 3.875% bonds due 2028                                   358           404
value adjustment is calculated using a discounted cash flow technique            US$ 1,000 million 2.375% bonds due 2029                                 711           804
based on unadjusted market data.                                                 £ 300 million 2.875% bonds due 2029                                     298           298
Bank overdrafts form an integral part of the group’s cash                        US$ 1,000 million 2% bonds due 2030                                     714           807
management and are included as a component of net cash and cash                  € 1,000 million 2.5% bonds due 2032                                     850           911
equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows.                         US$ 750 million 2.125% bonds due 2032                                   534           603
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash in hand and deposits                     £ 400 million 1.25% bonds due 2033                                      395             —
which are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are             US$ 400 million 7.45% bonds due 2035(i)                                 288           325
subject to insignificant risk of changes in value and have an original           US$ 600 million 5.875% bonds due 2036                                   427           483
maturity of three months or less, including money market deposits,
                                                                                 US$ 500 million 4.25% bonds due 2042(i)                                 356           402
commercial paper and investments.
                                                                                 US$ 500 million 3.875% bonds due 2043                                   353           400
Net borrowings are defined as gross borrowings (short-term
                                                                                 Bank and other loans                                                    253           260
borrowings and long-term borrowings plus lease liabilities plus interest
                                                                                 Fair value adjustment to borrowings                                      66           201
rate hedging instruments, cross currency interest rate swaps and
funding foreign currency forwards and swaps used to manage                       Borrowings due after one year                                       12,865        14,790
borrowings) less cash and cash equivalents.                                      Total borrowings before derivative financial instruments            14,727        16,785
                                                                                 Fair value of cross currency interest rate swaps                       (154)         (469)
                                                                                 Fair value of foreign exchange swaps and forwards                       (15)           (28)
                                                                                 Fair value of interest rate hedging instruments                         (63)         (189)
                                                                                 Lease liabilities                                                       363           470
                                                                                 Gross borrowings                                                    14,858        16,569
                                                                                 Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                      (2,749)       (3,323)
                                                                                 Net borrowings                                                      12,109        13,246
                                                                                (i)   SEC-registered debt issued on an unsecured basis by Diageo Investment Corporation, a
                                                                                      100% owned finance subsidiary of Diageo plc.
                                                                                (1)   The interest rates shown are those contracted on the underlying borrowings before
                                                                                      taking into account any interest rate hedges (see note 15).
                                                                                (2)   Bonds are stated net of unamortised finance costs of £78 million (2020 – £86 million;
                                                                                      2019 – £63 million).
                                                                                (3)   Bonds are reported above at amortised cost with a fair value adjustment shown
                                                                                      separately.
                                                                                (4)   All bonds, medium-term notes and commercial paper issued on an unsecured basis by
                                                                                      the group’s 100% owned subsidiaries are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an
                                                                                      unsecured basis by Diageo plc.




  DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                                   Diageo Annual Report 2021                 177
                                                                                                                                                                        177
Gross borrowings before derivative financial instruments are expected to                               17. Equity
mature as follows:                                                                                     Accounting policies
                                                                            2021              2020     Own shares represent shares and share options of Diageo plc that are
                                                                         £ million         £ million
                                                                                                       held in treasury or by employee share trusts for the purpose of fulfilling
 Within one year                                                           1,862            1,995      obligations in respect of various employee share plans or were
 Between one and three years                                               2,623            3,013      acquired as part of a share buyback programme. Own shares are
 Between three and five years                                              2,788            3,134      treated as a deduction from equity until the shares are cancelled,
 Beyond five years                                                         7,454            8,643      reissued or disposed of and when vest are transferred from own shares
                                                                                                       to retained earnings at their weighted average cost.
                                                                         14,727           16,785
                                                                                                       Share-based payments include share awards and options granted to
During the year the following bonds were issued and repaid:                                            directors and employees. The fair value of equity settled share options
                                                                                                       and share grants is initially measured at grant date based on the
                                                              2021           2020             2019     binomial or Monte Carlo models and is charged to the income
                                                           £ million      £ million        £ million   statement over the vesting period. For equity settled shares the credit
 Issued                                                                                                is included in retained earnings. Cancellations of share options are
 € denominated                                                 636          1,594           2,270      treated as an acceleration of the vesting period and any outstanding
 £ denominated                                                 395            298             496      charge is recognised in operating profit immediately. Any surplus or
                                                                                                       deficit arising on the sale of the Diageo plc shares held by the group is
 US$ denominated                                                 —          3,296               —
                                                                                                       included as a movement in equity.
 Repaid
                                                                                                       Dividends are included in the financial statements in the year in which
 € denominated                                                (696)            —           (1,168)
                                                                                                       they are approved.
 US$ denominated                                              (551)          (820)              —
                                                              (216)         4,368           1,598      (a) Allotted and fully paid share capital – ordinary shares of
                                                                                                       28101⁄108 pence each
(a) Reconciliation of movement in net borrowings
                                                                                                                                                                  Number      Nominal
                                                                                                                                                                 of shares       value
                                                                            2021              2020
                                                                                                                                                                   million    £ million
                                                                         £ million         £ million

 At beginning of the year                                                13,246           11,277        At 30 June 2021                                            2,559         741

 Net decrease/(increase) in cash and cash equivalents                                                   At 30 June 2020                                             2,562         742
   before exchange                                                           231           (2,552)      At 30 June 2019                                             2,601         753
 Net (decrease)/increase in bonds and other
   borrowings(i)                                                            (967)           4,089      (b) Hedging and exchange reserve
 Change in net borrowings from cash flows                                   (736)           1,537                                                    Hedging     Exchange
                                                                                                                                                      reserve      reserve       Total
 Exchange differences on net borrowings                                     (598)               95                                                   £ million    £ million   £ million
                            (ii)
 Other non-cash items                                                        197                86     At 30 June 2018                                   (68)        (962)     (1,030)
 Adoption of IFRS 16                                                           —              251      Other comprehensive income                         31          181         212
 Net borrowings at end of the year                                       12,109           13,246       At 30 June 2019                                   (37)        (781)       (818)
(i)    In the year ended 30 June 2021, net decrease in bonds and other borrowings excludes             Other comprehensive income/(loss)                 125         (241)       (116)
       £2 million cash outflow in respect of derivatives designated in forward point hedges
       (2020 - £6 million).                                                                            Transfers from other retained earnings               5          —             5
(ii)   In the year ended 30 June 2021 other non-cash items are principally in respect of fair          At 30 June 2020                                    93      (1,022)       (929)
       value changes of cross currency interest rate swaps and interest rate swaps, partially
       offset by the fair value changes of borrowings. In the year ended 30 June 2020, other           Other comprehensive income/(loss)                  20        (672)       (652)
       non-cash items are principally in respect of leases of £206 million entered into in the         At 30 June 2021                                  113       (1,694)     (1,581)
       year, partially offset by the fair value changes of cross currency interest rate swaps.

(b) Analysis of net borrowings by currency                                                             Currency basis spreads included in the hedging reserve represent the
                                                                                                       cost of hedging arising as a result of imperfections of foreign exchange
                                                    2021                         2020                  markets. Exclusion of currency basis spreads would result in a surplus
                                           Cash and                       Cash and                     £22 million ( 2020 – £30 million surplus, 2019 – £1 million surplus) in the
                                                cash          Gross           cash            Gross    hedging reserve.
                                         equivalents   borrowings(i)    equivalents    borrowings(i)
                                           £ million       £ million      £ million        £ million

 US dollar                                    1,890         (4,001)         2,649          (6,300)
 Euro                                            82         (2,841)            57          (3,119)
 Sterling                                        38         (7,279)            19          (6,233)
 Indian rupee                                    26           (109)            13            (253)
 Kenyan shilling                                 16           (293)            28            (351)
 Hungarian forint                                  3          (241)              3           (239)
 Mexican peso                                      9          (102)            16            (104)
 Chinese yuan                                   255             (20)          207                (1)
 Nigerian naira                                  60              (1)             6             (15)
 Other(ii)                                      370             29            325               46
 Total                                        2,749        (14,858)         3,323         (16,569)
(i)    Includes foreign currency forwards and swaps and leases.
(ii)   Includes £31 million (Turkish lira) cash and cash equivalents in cash-pooling
       arrangements (2020 – £100 million (Turkish lira)).




 178
178             DIAGEO
             Diageo    Annual
                    Annual    Report
                           Report    2021
                                  2021
(c) Own shares                                                                      years to 30 June 2024. The second phase of the programme of up to £1
Movements in own shares                                                             billion to shareholders via share buybacks was also initiated on 12 May
                                                                                    2021 and it is expected to be completed by the end of the financial year
                                                        Number         Purchase     ending 30 June 2022.
                                                       of shares   consideration
                                                         million        £ million        During the year ended 30 June 2021 the group purchased 3.2 million
At 30 June 2018                                            238            2,144     ordinary shares (2020 – 39 million; 2019 – 94.7 million), representing
Share trust arrangements                                     (1)             (14)   approximately 0.1% of the issued ordinary share capital (2020 – 1.5%;
Shares used to satisfy options                               (5)           (104)
                                                                                    2019 – 3.5%) at an average price of £34.07 per share, and an aggregate
                                                                                    cost of £109 million (including £1 million of transaction costs) (2020 –
Shares purchased - share buyback programme                  95            2,775
                                                                                    £32.43 per share, and an aggregate cost of £1,282 million including £7
Shares cancelled                                            (95)         (2,775)    million of transaction costs; 2019 – £29.24 per share, and an aggregate
At 30 June 2019                                            232            2,026     cost of £2,775 million, including £6 million of transaction costs) under
Share trust arrangements                                     (1)              (7)   the share buyback programme. The shares purchased under the share
Shares used to satisfy options                               (4)             (83)   buyback programmes were cancelled.
                                                                                         A financial liability of £91 million was established at 30 June 2021
Shares purchased - share buyback programme                  39            1,282
                                                                                    representing the 2.6 million shares that were expected to be purchased
Shares cancelled                                            (39)         (1,282)
                                                                                    before 29 July 2021.
At 30 June 2020                                           227            1,936            The monthly breakdown of all shares purchased and the average
Share trust arrangements                                     (1)            (11)    price paid per share (excluding expenses) for the year ended 30 June
Shares used to satisfy options                               (3)            (48)    2021 were as follows:
Shares purchased - share buyback programme                    3            109                              Number
                                                                                                           of shares                                                Authorised
Shares cancelled                                             (3)           (109)                    purchased under                             Average              purchases
                                                                                                      share buyback  Total number of           price paid          unutilised at
At 30 June 2021                                           223            1,877      Period              programme shares purchased                 pence            month end

Share trust arrangements                                                            May 2021             1,484,935        1,484,935                3360           231,335,953
At 30 June 2021 the employee share trusts owned 2 million of ordinary               June 2021            1,848,952        1,848,952                3453           229,487,001
shares in Diageo plc (the company) at a cost of £47 million and market              Total              3,333,887          3,333,887                3411       229,487,001
value of £74 million (2020 – 2 million shares at a cost of £51 million,
market value £57 million; 2019 – 3 million shares at a cost of £58 million,         (d) Dividends
market value £92 million). Dividends receivable by the employee share
trusts on the shares are waived and the trustee abstains from voting.                                                                     2021           2020              2019
                                                                                                                                       £ million      £ million         £ million




                                                                                                                                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Purchase of own shares                                                              Amounts recognised as distributions to
Authorisation was given by shareholders on 28 September 2020 to                     equity shareholders in the year
purchase a maximum of 232,820,888 shares at a minimum price of                      Final dividend for the year ended
28101/108 pence and a maximum price of higher of (a) 105% of the                      30 June 2020
average of the middle market quotations for an ordinary share for the               42.47 pence per share (2019 – 42.47 pence;
five preceding business days and (b) the higher of the price of the last              2018 – 40.4 pence)                                  992          1,006               993
independent trade and the highest current independent bid on the                    Interim dividend for the year ended
London Stock Exchange at the time the purchase is carried out. The                    30 June 2021
programme expires at the conclusion of the next Annual General                      27.96 pence per share (2020 – 27.41 pence;
Meeting or on 27 December 2021 if earlier.                                            2019 – 26.1 pence)                                  654               640            630
    During the year ended 30 June 2019 the company purchased call
                                                                                                                                        1,646          1,646             1,623
options over 4 million shares at a cost of £14 million to hedge employee
share awards and share option grants. These are three-year call options,            The proposed final dividend of £1,042 million (44.59 pence per share) for
denominated in sterling.                                                            the year ended 30 June 2021 was approved by the Board of Directors on
     On 25 July 2019, the Board approved a return of capital programme              28 July 2021. As this was after the balance sheet date and the dividend is
with up to £4.5 billion to be returned to shareholders over the three-year          subject to approval by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting, this
period to 30 June 2022. Under the first phase of the programme, which               dividend has not been included as a liability in these consolidated
ended on 31 January 2020, the group returned £1.25 billion via share                financial statements. There are no corporate tax consequences arising
buybacks. On 9 April 2020, due to uncertainties related to Covid-19                 from this treatment.
pandemic, Diageo announced that it had not initiated the next phase of                  Dividends are waived on all treasury shares owned by the company
the programme. On 12 May 2021, the Board approved recommencing                      and all shares owned by the employee share trusts.
the return of capital programme. Due to the impact of Covid-19, the
original completion date for the programme has been extended by two




 DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                                  Diageo Annual Report 2021                       179
                                                                                                                                                                            179
(e) Non-controlling interests
Diageo consolidates USL, a company incorporated in India, with a 42.73% non-controlling interest and has a 50% controlling interest in Ketel One
Worldwide B.V. (Ketel One), a company incorporated in the Netherlands. All other consolidated subsidiaries are fully owned or the non-controlling
interests are not material.
    Summarised financial information for USL and other subsidiaries, after fair value adjustments on acquisition, and the amounts attributable to non-
controlling interests are as follows:
                                                                                                                                2021                                      2020              2019
                                                                                                                     USL            Others             Total              Total             Total
                                                                                                                £ million         £ million         £ million          £ million         £ million

 Income statement
 Sales                                                                                                           3,005             2,135             5,140              4,688             5,346
 Net sales                                                                                                          877            1,676             2,553              2,314             2,656
 Profit for the year                                                                                                 85                213              298                 85              383
                                           (i)
 Other comprehensive (loss)/income                                                                                 (182)               (252)           (434)               (96)             137
 Total comprehensive (loss)/income                                                                                  (97)                (39)           (136)               (11)             520
 Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                          (42)                  7             (35)                  8             234
 Balance sheet
 Non-current assets(ii)                                                                                          1,823             2,846             4,669              5,170             5,313
 Current assets                                                                                                     584                908           1,492              1,280             1,469
 Non-current liabilities                                                                                           (302)          (1,054)           (1,356)            (1,459)           (1,526)
 Current liabilities                                                                                               (433)               (902)        (1,335)            (1,188)           (1,204)
 Net assets                                                                                                      1,672             1,798             3,470              3,803             4,052
 Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                          714                820           1,534              1,668             1,795
 Cash flow
 Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                                          149                512              661               233               542
 Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                                         (10)               (127)           (137)             (152)             (157)
 Net cash outflow from financing activities                                                                        (142)               (229)           (371)             (209)             (266)
 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                 (3)              156              153              (128)              119
 Exchange differences                                                                                                —                  (19)            (19)                 (3)                3
 Dividends payable to non-controlling interests                                                                      —                  (72)            (72)             (117)             (114)
(i)    Other comprehensive income is principally in respect of exchange on translating the subsidiaries to sterling.
(ii)   Non-current assets include the global distribution rights to distribute Ketel One vodka products throughout the world. The carrying value of the distribution rights at 30 June 2021 was
       £1,295 million (2020 – £1,464 million; 2019 – £1,418 million).
(1)    On 21 October 2020 and on 6 November 2020, East African Breweries Limited completed the purchase of 13.3% and 16.7% of the share capital of Serengeti Breweries Limited, respectively.
       This increased Diageo’s effective economic interest from 40.2% to 47.0%.
(2)    During the financial year, Diageo's fully consolidated subsidiary, Shui Jing Fang, completed treasury share purchase of 0.02%. This increased Diageo's controlling interest from 63.14% to
       63.17%.


(f) Employee share compensation                                                                     Share awards normally vest and are released on the third anniversary of
The group uses a number of share award and option plans to grant to its                             the grant date. Participants do not make a payment to receive the award
directors and employees.                                                                            at grant. Executive Directors are required to hold any vested shares
     The annual fair value charge in respect of the equity settled plans for                        awarded from 2014 under the 2014 DLTIP for a further two-year post-
the three years ended 30 June 2021 is as follows:                                                   vesting retention period. Share options may normally be exercised
                                                                                                    between three and ten years after the grant date. Executives in North
                                                             2021           2020         2019
                                                                                                    America and Latin America and Caribbean are granted awards over the
                                                          £ million      £ million    £ million
                                                                                                    company’s ADSs (one ADS is equivalent to four ordinary shares).
 Executive share award plans                                   41              (3)         41
                                                                                                        Performance shares under the DLTIP (for awards in 2020 and
 Executive share option plans                                    4              2            4      thereafter) are subject to the achievement of three performance tests: 1)
 Savings plans                                                   4              3            4      compound annual growth in profit before exceptional items over three
                                                               49               2          49       years; 2) compound annual growth in organic net sales over three years;
                                                                                                    3) environmental, social and governance (ESG) priorities, weighted 40%,
Executive share awards are primarily made under the Diageo 2014 Long                                40% and 20% of the maximum respectively, as set out in the Directors’
Term Incentive Plan (DLTIP) from September 2014 onwards and                                         remuneration report. Performance share options under the DLTIP are
delivered in conditional awards in the form of performance shares,                                  subject to the achievement of two equally weighted performance tests:
performance share options, time-vesting restricted stock units (RSUs)                               1) a comparison of Diageo’s three-year TSR with a peer group; 2)
and/or time-vesting share options (or cash-based equivalents in certain                             cumulative free cash flow over a three-year period, measured at
locations for regulatory reasons). Share options are granted at the                                 constant exchange rates. Performance measures and targets are set
market value at the time of grant. Prior to the introduction of the DLTIP,                          annually by the Remuneration Committee. The vesting range is 20% or
employees in associated companies were granted awards under the                                     25% (for Executive Directors and for other participants respectively) for
Diageo plc 2011 Associated Companies Share Incentive Plan (DACSIP). In                              achieving minimum performance targets, up to 100% for achieving the
the case of Executive Directors, conditional awards of time-vesting RSUs                            maximum target level. Retesting of the performance condition is not
or Forfeitable shares may be awarded under the 2020 Deferred Bonus                                  permitted.
Share Plan (DBSP), with vesting not subject to any performance                                          For performance shares under the DLTIP, dividends are accrued on
conditions and not subject to a post-vesting retention period. The 2020                             awards and are given to participants to the extent that the awards
DBSP was approved by shareholders in September 2020.                                                actually vest at the end of the performance period. Dividends are
                                                                                                    normally paid out in the form of shares.




 180
180            DIAGEO
            Diageo    Annual
                   Annual    Report
                          Report    2021
                                 2021
Savings plans are provided in the form of a savings-related share option     Transactions on schemes
plan. For UK employees, awards are made under the Diageo 2010                Transactions on the executive share award plans for the three years
Sharesave plan. For Republic of Ireland (ROI) based employees, awards        ended 30 June 2021 were as follows:
are made under the Diageo 2009 Irish Sharesave Scheme (for options
                                                                                                                           2021        2020         2019
granted up until 2019) and the Diageo 2019 Irish Sharesave Scheme (for                                                 Number of   Number of    Number of
options granted in 2020). These are HMRC and Irish Revenue approved                                                      awards      awards       awards
                                                                                                                         million      million      million
all-employee savings plans made available to UK and ROI employees
                                                                             Balance outstanding at 1 July                  5.6          7.0          7.8
who are employed on the annual results announcement date.
Participants can save monthly, with deductions taken directly from net       Granted                                        2.1          1.8          2.5
pay, for a period of 3 or 5 years. In return, employees are granted the      Awarded                                       (1.2)        (2.5)        (2.1)
option to buy Diageo shares using the savings accrued at the end of the      Forfeited                                     (1.2)        (0.7)        (1.2)
relevant savings period and at a 20% discounted option price, which is       Balance outstanding at 30 June                 5.3          5.6          7.0
set at the time of grant. Provided participants fulfil the terms set out
within the relevant scheme rules, any gains from the option exercise are     The exercise price of share options outstanding at 30 June 2021 was in
free from UK or ROI income tax.                                              the range of 1232-3483 pence (2020 – 1080-3483 pence; 2019 –
     For the three years ended 30 June 2021, the calculation of the fair     952-2773 pence).
value of each share award used the Monte Carlo pricing model and the             At 30 June 2021, 3.2 million share options were exercisable at a
following assumptions:                                                       weighted average exercise price of 2050 pence.
                                          2021          2020          2019

Risk free interest rate                 (0.1%)         0.4%          0.8%
Expected life of the awards        36 months     37 months     37 months
Dividend yield                          2.7%           1.9%          2.4%
Weighted average share price           2557 p        3501 p        2736 p
Weighted average fair value of
 awards granted in the year            2107 p         899 p        1941 p
Number of awards granted in
 the year                          2.1 million   1.7 million   2.5 million
Fair value of all awards granted
  in the year                      £45 million   £16 million   £48 million




                                                                                                                                                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




 DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                      Diageo Annual Report 2021            181
                                                                                                                                                     181
Other financial information
Introduction
This section includes additional financial information that are either required by the relevant accounting standards or management considers these
to be material information for shareholders.

18. Contingent liabilities and legal proceedings                               leave has since been granted and which have been converted to civil
Accounting policies                                                            appeals) is yet to be fixed.
                                                                                    In separate proceedings, the High Court passed a winding-up order
Provision is made for the anticipated settlement costs of legal or other       against UBHL on 7 February 2017. On 4 March 2017, UBHL appealed
disputes against the group where it is considered to be probable that a        against this order before a division bench of the High Court. On 6 March
liability exists and a reliable estimate can be made of the likely             2020, the division bench of the High Court confirmed the winding up
outcome. Where it is possible that a settlement may be reached or it is        order dated 7 February 2017, and dismissed the appeal filed by UBHL.
not possible to make a reliable estimate of the estimated financial            On 30 June 2020, UBHL filed a special leave petition in the Supreme
effect appropriate disclosure is made but no provision created.                Court of India against the order of the division bench of the High Court.
Critical accounting judgements and estimates                                   On 26 October 2020, the Supreme Court of India dismissed the petition
Judgement is necessary in assessing the likelihood that a claim will           filed by UBHL.
succeed, or a liability will arise, and an estimate to quantify the possible        Diageo continues to believe that the acquisition price of INR 1,440
range of any settlement. Due to the inherent uncertainty in this               per share paid to UBHL for the USL shares is fair and reasonable as
evaluation process, actual losses may be different from the liability          regards UBHL, UBHL’s shareholders and UBHL’s secured and unsecured
originally estimated. The group may be involved in legal proceedings           creditors. However, adverse results for Diageo in the proceedings
in respect of which it is not possible to make a reliable estimate of any      referred to above could, absent leave or relief in other proceedings,
expected settlement, if any. In such cases appropriate disclosure is           ultimately result in Diageo losing title to the 6.98% stake acquired from
provided but no provision is made and no contingent liability is               UBHL (now represented by 50,707,185 USL shares following a share
quantified.                                                                    split). Diageo believes, including by reason of its rights under USL’s
                                                                               articles of association to nominate USL’s CEO and CFO and the right to
(a) Guarantees and related matters                                             appoint, through USL, a majority of the directors on the boards of USL’s
As of 30 June 2021, the group has no material unprovided guarantees or         subsidiaries as well as its ability as promoter to nominate for
indemnities in respect of liabilities of third parties.                        appointment up to two-thirds of USL’s directors for so long as the
                                                                               chairperson of USL is an independent director, that it would remain in
(b) Acquisition of USL shares from UBHL, winding-up petitions                  control of USL and be able to consolidate USL as a subsidiary regardless
against UBHL and other proceedings in relation to the USL                      of the outcome of this litigation.
transaction                                                                         There can be no certainty as to the outcome of the existing or any
On 4 July 2013, Diageo completed its acquisition, under a share                further related legal proceedings or the timeframe within which they
purchase agreement with United Breweries (Holdings) Limited (UBHL)             would be concluded.
and various other sellers (the SPA), of 21,767,749 shares (14.98%) in               Diageo also has the benefit of certain contractual undertakings and
United Spirits Limited (USL) for a total consideration of INR 31.3 billion     commitments from the relevant sellers in relation to potential
(£349 million), including 10,141,437 shares (6.98%) from UBHL. The SPA         challenges to its unencumbered title to the USL shares acquired on
was signed on 9 November 2012 and was part of the transaction                  4 July 2013, including relating to the winding-up petitions described
announced by Diageo in relation to USL on that day (the Original USL           above and/or certain losses and costs that may be incurred in the event
Transaction). Following a series of further transactions, as of 30 June        of third party actions relating to the acquisition of the USL shares.
2021, Diageo has a 55.94% investment in USL (excluding 2.38% owned
                                                                               (c) Continuing matters relating to the resignation of Dr Vijay Mallya
by the USL Benefit Trust).
     Prior to the acquisition from UBHL on 4 July 2013, the High Court of      from USL and USL internal inquiries
Karnataka (High Court) had granted leave to UBHL under sections 536            On 25 February 2016, Diageo and USL each announced that they had
and 537 of the Indian Companies Act 1956 (the Leave Order) to enable           entered into arrangements with Dr Mallya under which he had agreed
the sale by UBHL to Diageo to take place (the UBHL Share Sale)                 to resign from his position as a director and as chairman of USL and from
notwithstanding the continued existence of five winding-up petitions           his positions in USL’s subsidiaries. As specified by Diageo in its
that were pending against UBHL on 9 November 2012, being the date of           announcement at that time, these arrangements ended its prior
the SPA. Additional winding-up petitions have been brought against             agreement with Dr Mallya regarding his position at USL, therefore
UBHL since 9 November 2012, and the Leave Order did not extend to              bringing to an end the uncertainty relating to the governance of USL,
them. At the time of the completion of the UBHL Share Sale, the Leave          and put in place a five-year global non-compete (excluding the United
Order remained subject to review on appeal. However, as stated by              Kingdom), non-interference, non-solicitation and standstill arrangement
Diageo at the time of closing on 4 July 2013, it was considered unlikely       with Dr Mallya. As part of those arrangements, USL, Diageo and Dr
that any appeal process in respect of the Leave Order would definitively       Mallya agreed a mutual release in relation to matters arising out of an
conclude on a timely basis and, accordingly, Diageo waived the                 inquiry into certain matters referred to in USL’s financial statements and
conditionality under the SPA relating to the absence of insolvency             the qualified auditor’s report for the year ended 31 March 2014 (the
proceedings in relation to UBHL and acquired the 10,141,437 USL shares         Initial Inquiry) which had revealed, among other things, certain
from UBHL at that time.                                                        diversions of USL funds. Dr Mallya also agreed not to pursue any claims
Following closing of the UBHL Share Sale, appeals were filed by various        against Diageo, USL and their affiliates (including under the prior
petitioners in respect of the Leave Order. On 20 December 2013, the            agreement with Diageo). In evaluating entering into such arrangements,
division bench of the High Court set aside the Leave Order (the                Diageo considered the impact of the arrangements on USL and all of
December 2013 Order). Following the December 2013 Order, Diageo                USL’s shareholders, and came to the view that the arrangements were in
filed special leave petitions (SLPs) in the Supreme Court of India against     the best interests of USL and its shareholders.
the December 2013 Order.                                                            Diageo’s agreement with Dr Mallya (the February 2016 Agreement)
     On 10 February 2014, the Supreme Court of India issued an order           provided for a payment of $75 million (£53 million) to Dr Mallya over a
giving notice in respect of the SLPs and ordering that the status quo be       five-year period in consideration for the five-year global non-compete,
maintained with regard to the UBHL Share Sale pending a hearing on             non-interference, non-solicitation and standstill commitments referred
the matter in the Supreme Court. Following a number of adjournments,           to above, his resignation from USL and the termination of his USL-
the next date for a substantive hearing of the SLPs (in respect of which       related appointment and governance rights, the relinquishing of rights

 182
182        DIAGEO
        Diageo    Annual
               Annual    Report
                      Report    2021
                             2021
and benefits attached to his position at USL, and his agreement not to             As previously announced by USL, the Initial Inquiry identified certain
pursue claims against Diageo and USL. The February 2016 Agreement                  additional parties and matters indicating the possible existence of other
also provided for the release of Dr Mallya’s personal obligations to               improper transactions. These transactions could not be fully analysed
indemnify (i) Diageo Holdings Netherlands B.V. (DHN) in respect of its             during the Initial Inquiry and, accordingly, USL, as previously announced,
earlier liability ($141 million (£96 million)) under a backstop guarantee of       mandated that its Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
certain borrowings of Watson Limited (Watson) (a company affiliated                conduct a further inquiry into the transactions involving the additional
with Dr Mallya), and (ii) Diageo Finance plc in respect of its earlier liability   parties and the additional matters to determine whether they also
(£30 million) under a guarantee of certain borrowings of United                    suffered from improprieties (the Additional Inquiry). USL announced the
Breweries Overseas Limited, a subsidiary of UBHL. $40 million (£28                 results of the Additional Inquiry in a notice to the Indian Stock Exchange
million) of the $75 million (£53 million) amount was paid on signing of            dated 9 July 2016. The mutual release in relation to the Initial Inquiry
the February 2016 Agreement with the balance being payable in equal                agreed by Diageo and USL with Dr Mallya announced on 25 February
instalments of $7 million (£5 million) a year over five years, subject to and      2016 does not extend to matters arising out of the Additional Inquiry.
conditional on Dr Mallya’s compliance with certain terms of the                         As stated in USL’s previous announcement, the Additional Inquiry
agreement.                                                                         revealed further instances of actual or potential fund diversions from USL
     While the five instalment payments of $7 million (£5 million) would           and its Indian and overseas subsidiaries to, in most cases, Indian and
have become due on 25 February 2017, 25 February 2018, 25 February                 overseas entities in which Dr Mallya appears to have a material direct or
2019, 25 February 2020 and 25 February 2021, respectively, owing to                indirect interest, as well as other potentially improper transactions
various reasons (including breaches committed by Dr Mallya and certain             involving USL and its Indian and overseas subsidiaries.
persons connected with him of several provisions of the February 2016                   In connection with the matters identified by the Additional Inquiry,
Agreement and agreements of the same date between Dr Mallya and                    USL has, pursuant to a detailed review of each case of such fund
USL), Diageo believes that it was not liable to pay such amounts and did           diversion and after obtaining expert legal advice, where appropriate,
not do so. By notice to Dr Mallya and certain persons connected with               filed civil suits for recovery of funds from certain parties, including Dr
him on 24 February 2017, 3 November 2017, 23 February 2018,                        Mallya, before the relevant courts in India.
22 August 2018, 22 February 2019, 24 February 2020 and 22 February                      The amounts identified in the Additional Inquiry have been
2021, Diageo and other group companies have demanded from Dr                       previously provided for or expensed in the financial statements of USL or
Mallya the repayment of $40 million (£28 million) which was paid by                its subsidiaries for prior periods. Further, at this stage, it is not possible for
Diageo on 25 February 2016, and also sought compensation from him                  the management of USL to estimate the financial impact on USL, if any,
for various losses incurred by the relevant members of the Diageo group            arising out of potential non-compliance with applicable laws in relation
on account of the breaches committed by him and certain persons                    to such fund diversions.
connected with him. On 16 November 2017, Diageo and other relevant
                                                                                   (d) Other continuing matters relating to Dr Mallya and affiliates
members of the Diageo group commenced claims in the High Court of
Justice in England and Wales (the English High Court) against Dr Mallya            DHN issued a conditional backstop guarantee on 2 August 2013 to




                                                                                                                                                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
in relation to certain of the matters specified in those notices. At the           Standard Chartered Bank (Standard Chartered) pursuant to a guarantee
same time DHN also commenced claims in the English High Court                      commitment agreement (the Guarantee Agreement). The guarantee
against Dr Mallya, his son Sidhartha Mallya, Watson (a company affiliated          was in respect of the liabilities of Watson, a company affiliated with Dr
with Dr Mallya) and Continental Administration Services Limited (CASL)             Mallya, under a $135 million (£92 million) facility from Standard
(a company affiliated with Dr Mallya and understood to hold assets on              Chartered (the Facility Agreement). The Guarantee Agreement was
trust for him and certain persons affiliated with him) for in excess of $142       entered into as part of the arrangements put in place and announced at
million (£105 million) (plus interest) in relation to Watson’s liability to        the closing of the USL transaction on 4 July 2013.
DHN in respect of its borrowings referred to above and the breach of                   DHN’s provision of the Guarantee Agreement enabled the
associated security documents. These additional claims are described in            refinancing of certain existing borrowings of Watson from a third party
paragraph (d) below.                                                               bank and facilitated the release by that bank of rights over certain USL
     Dr Mallya, Sidhartha Mallya and the relevant affiliated companies             shares that were to be acquired by Diageo as part of the USL transaction.
filed a defence to such claims and the additional claims on 12 March               The facility matured and entered into default in May 2015. In aggregate
2018, and Dr Mallya also filed a counterclaim for payment of the two $7            DHN paid Standard Chartered $141 million (£101 million) under this
million (£5 million) instalment payments that had then been withheld by            guarantee, i.e. including payments of default interest and various fees
Diageo as described above. Diageo and the other relevant members of                and expenses.
its group filed a reply to that defence and a defence to the counterclaim               Watson remains liable for all amounts paid by DHN under the
on 5 September 2018.                                                               guarantee. Under the guarantee documentation with Standard
     Diageo continues to prosecute its claims and to defend the                    Chartered, DHN is entitled to the benefit of the underlying security
counterclaim. As part of this, on 18 December 2018, Diageo and the                 package for the loan, including: (a) certain shares in United Breweries
other relevant members of its group filed an application for strike out            Limited (UBL) held solely by Dr Mallya and certain other shares in UBL
and/or summary judgement in respect of certain aspects of the defence              held by Dr Mallya jointly with his son Sidhartha Mallya, and (b) the
filed by Dr Mallya and the other defendants, including their defence in            shareholding in Watson.
relation to Watson and CASL’s liability to repay DHN. That application                  Aspects of the security package are the subject of various
was made by DHN on the basis that the defence filed by Dr Mallya and               proceedings in India in which third parties are alleging and asserting
his co-defendants in relation to those matters had no real prospect of             prior rights to certain assets comprised in the security package or
success.                                                                           otherwise seeking to restrain enforcement against certain assets by
     As described in paragraph (d) below, this application was successful          Standard Chartered and/or DHN. These proceedings are ongoing and
in relation to the predominant part of Watson and CASL’s liability to              DHN will continue to vigorously pursue these matters as part of its
repay DHN and, since that application, Watson and CASL’s defence in                efforts for enforcement of the underlying security and recovery of
relation to the remaining part of this liability has also been struck out.         outstanding amounts. Diageo believes that the existence of any prior
Accordingly, Diageo and DHN have sought asset disclosure and are                   rights or dispute in relation to the security would be in breach of
considering further enforcement steps against Watson and CASL, both                representations and warranties given by Dr Mallya and others to
in the United Kingdom and in other jurisdictions where they are present            Standard Chartered at the time the security was granted and further
or hold assets.                                                                    believes that certain actions taken by Dr Mallya in relation to the
     The remaining elements of the claims originally commenced on                  proceedings described above also breached his obligations to Standard
16 November 2017 by Diageo and the relevant members of its group are               Chartered. In addition to these third party proceedings, Dr Mallya is also
proceeding to a trial, which is scheduled to take place from 21                    subject to proceedings in India under the Prevention of Money
November 2021 through 30 November 2021.                                            Laundering Act and the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act in which the
                                                                                   relevant Indian authority, the Directorate of Enforcement, is seeking


  DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                                Diageo Annual Report 2021            183
                                                                                                                                                                183
confiscation of the UBL shares which were provided as security for              and (ii) CASL is liable, as co-surety, to pay, and has no defence against
Watson’s liabilities. DHN is participating in these proceedings in order to     paying, 50% of any such amount unpaid by Watson, i.e. up to $67.5
protect its security interest in respect of the UBL shares. Under the           million (£49 million) plus interest of $5.5 million (£4 million) to DHN.
proceedings under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, the Special           Watson and CASL were ordered to pay such sums, as well as certain
Court passed an order on 24 May 2021 directing, among other things,             amounts in respect of DHN and Diageo’s costs, to DHN by 21 June 2019.
the release of certain assets of Dr Mallya including the UBL shares in          Such amounts were not paid on that date by either Watson or CASL.
favour of third party banks. DHN has subsequently filed a writ petition              On 15 October 2020, as a result of applications made by DHN to
before the Bombay High Court challenging this order of the Special              recover certain outstanding costs owed by Watson and CASL (being
Court insofar as it relates to its security interest in respect of the UBL      approximately £260,000 plus interest, which remained unpaid), Dr Mallya
shares.                                                                         and Sidhartha Mallya were ordered to pay those amounts by 27
     Under the terms of the guarantee and as a matter of law, there are         November 2020. As Dr Mallya and Sidhartha Mallya, in default of the
arrangements to pass on to DHN the benefit of the security package              Court order, failed to make the required payments to DHN: (i) Watson
upon payment by DHN under the guarantee of all amounts owed to                  and CASL’s defence to DHN’s remaining claim for payment of
Standard Chartered. Payment under the guarantee has now occurred as             approximately $6 million (£4 million) (plus interest) has been struck out,
described above. To the extent possible in the context of the                   with further judgment in DHN’s favour being entered which will be
proceedings described above, DHN continues to work towards                      pursued along with the original judgment as set out above, and (ii) DHN
enforcement of the security package, including, when appropriate, in            is pursuing enforcement against Dr Mallya and Sidhartha Mallya for the
conjunction with Standard Chartered. DHN’s ability to assume or enforce         judgment debt of approximately £260,000 plus interest.
security over some elements of the security package is also subject to
                                                                                (e) Other matters in relation to USL
regulatory consent. It is not at this stage possible to determine whether
such consent would be forthcoming.                                              Following USL’s earlier updates concerning the Initial Inquiry as well as in
     In addition to the Indian proceedings just described, certain of the       relation to the arrangements with Dr Mallya that were the subject of the
assets comprised in the security package may also be affected by a              25 February 2016 announcement, USL and Diageo have received various
worldwide freezing order of the English High Court granted on                   notices from Indian regulatory authorities, including the Ministry of
24 November 2017 and continued on 8 December 2017 and 8 May 2018                Corporate Affairs, Enforcement Directorate and Securities and Exchange
in respect of the assets of Dr Mallya.                                          Board of India (SEBI).
The agreement with Dr Mallya referenced in paragraph (c) above does                  Diageo and USL are co-operating fully with the authorities in relation
not impact the security package. Watson remains liable for all amounts          to these matters. Diageo and USL have also received notices from SEBI
paid pursuant to the guarantee and DHN has the benefit of a counter-            requesting information in relation to, and explanation of the reasons for,
indemnity from Watson in respect of payments in connection with the             the arrangements with Dr Mallya that were the subject of the
guarantee, as well as a claim against CASL as a co-surety with DHN of           25 February 2016 announcement as well as, in the case of USL, in
Watson's obligations. The various security providers, including Dr Mallya       relation to the Initial Inquiry and the Additional Inquiry, and, in the case
and Watson, acknowledged in the February 2016 Agreement referred to             of Diageo, whether such arrangements with Dr Mallya or the Watson
in paragraph (c) above that DHN is entitled to the benefit of the security      backstop guarantee arrangements referred to in paragraphs (c) and (d)
package underlying the Standard Chartered facility and have also                above were part of agreements previously made with Dr Mallya at the
undertaken to take all necessary actions in that regard. Further, Diageo        time of the Original USL Transaction announced on 9 November 2012
believes that the existence of any prior rights or disputes in relation to      and the open offer made as part of the Original USL Transaction. Diageo
the security package would be in breach of certain confirmations given          and USL have complied with such information requests and Diageo has
to Diageo and DHN pursuant to that agreement by Dr Mallya, Watson               confirmed that, consistent with prior disclosures, the Watson backstop
and certain connected persons.                                                  guarantee arrangements and the matters described in the 25 February
     On 16 November 2017, DHN commenced various claims in the                   2016 announcement were not the subject of any earlier agreement with
English High Court for, in aggregate, in excess of $142 million (£101           Dr Mallya. In respect of the Watson backstop guarantee arrangements,
million) (plus interest) in relation to these matters, including the            SEBI issued a further notice to Diageo on 16 June 2016 that if there is any
following: (i) a claim against Watson for $141 million (£101 million) (plus     net liability incurred by Diageo (after any recovery under relevant
interest) under Watson’s counter-indemnity to DHN in respect of                 security or other arrangements, which matters remain pending) on
payments made by DHN to Standard Chartered under the guarantee                  account of the Watson backstop guarantee, such liability, if any, would
referred to above; (ii) a claim against Dr Mallya and Sidhartha Mallya          be considered to be part of the price paid for the acquisition of USL
under various agreements creating or relating to the security package           shares under the SPA which formed part of the Original USL Transaction
referred to above for (a) the costs incurred to date in the various Indian      and that, in that case, additional equivalent payments would be required
proceedings referred to above (plus interest), and (b) damages of $141          to be made to those shareholders (representing 0.04% of the shares in
million (£101 million), being DHN’s loss as a result of those Indian            USL) who tendered in the open offer made as part of the Original USL
proceedings which currently prevent enforcement of the security over            Transaction. Diageo is clear that the Watson backstop guarantee
shares in UBL (plus interest); and (iii) a claim against CASL, as a co-surety   arrangements were not part of the price paid or agreed to be paid for
with DHN of Watson’s obligations under the Facility Agreement, for 50%          any USL shares under the Original USL Transaction and therefore
of the difference between the amount claimed under (i) above and the            believes the decision in the SEBI notice to be misconceived and wrong
amount (if any) that DHN is in fact able to recover from Watson, Dr             in law and appealed against it before the Securities Appellate Tribunal,
Mallya and/or Sidhartha Mallya.                                                 Mumbai (SAT). On 1 November 2017, SAT issued an order in respect of
     As noted in paragraph (c), Dr Mallya, Sidhartha Mallya and the             Diageo’s appeal in which, amongst other things, it observed that the
relevant affiliated companies filed a defence to these claims on 12 March       relevant officer at SEBI had neither considered Diageo’s earlier reply nor
2018. Diageo and the other relevant members of its group filed a reply          provided Diageo with an opportunity to be heard, and accordingly
to that defence on 5 September 2018.                                            directed SEBI to pass a fresh order after giving Diageo an opportunity to
     DHN and Diageo continue to prosecute these claims. As part of that,        be heard. Following SAT’s order, Diageo made its further submissions in
on 18 December 2018, Diageo and the other relevant members of its               the matter, including at a personal hearing before a Deputy General
group filed an application for strike out and/or summary judgment in            Manager of SEBI. On 26 June 2019, SEBI issued an order reiterating the
respect of certain aspects of the defence filed by Dr Mallya, Sidhartha         directions contained in its previous notice dated 16 June 2016. As with
Mallya and the relevant affiliated companies, including in respect of           the previous notice, Diageo believes SEBI's latest order to be
Watson and CASL’s liability to repay DHN.                                       misconceived and wrong in law and has filed an appeal before SAT
     This summary judgement and strike out application was heard by             against the order. This appeal is currently pending. Diageo is unable to
the English High Court on 24 May 2019. The court decided in favour of           assess if the notices or enquiries referred to above will result in
DHN that (i) Watson is liable to pay, and has no defence against paying,        enforcement action or, if this were to transpire, to quantify meaningfully
$135 million (£92 million) plus interest of $11 million (£8 million) to DHN,


 184
184        DIAGEO
        Diageo    Annual
               Annual    Report
                      Report    2021
                             2021
the possible range of loss, if any, to which any such action might give       requires a high level of judgement, contingent liabilities are disclosed on
rise to if determined against Diageo or USL.                                  the basis of the current known possible exposure from tax assessment
     In relation to the matters described in the 25 February 2016             values.
announcement, Diageo had also responded to a show cause notice                     Diageo has reviewed its disclosures in relation to Brazil and India,
dated 12 May 2017 from SEBI arising out of the previous correspondence        where Diageo has a large number of ongoing tax cases. While not all of
in this regard and made its further submissions in the matter, including      these cases are individually significant, the current assessment of the
at a personal hearing before a Whole Time Member of SEBI. On                  aggregate possible exposures is up to approximately £449 million for
6 September 2018, SEBI issued an order holding that Diageo had                Brazil and up to approximately £140 million for India. The group believes
acquired sole control of USL following its earlier open offers, and that no   that the likelihood that the tax authorities will ultimately prevail is lower
fresh open offer was triggered by Diageo.                                     than probable but higher than remote. Due to the fiscal environment in
                                                                              Brazil and in India the possibility of further tax assessments related to the
(f) USL’s dispute with IDBI Bank Limited
                                                                              same matters cannot be ruled out. Based on its current assessment,
Prior to the acquisition by Diageo of a controlling interest in USL, USL      Diageo believes that no provision is required in respect of these issues.
had prepaid a term loan of INR 6,280 million (£61 million) taken through           Payments were made under protest in India in respect of the periods
IDBI Bank Limited (IDBI), an Indian bank, which was secured on certain        1 April 2006 to 31 March 2017 in relation to tax assessments where the
fixed assets and brands of USL, as well as by a pledge of certain shares in   risk is considered to be remote or possible. These payments have to be
USL held by the USL Benefit Trust (of which USL is the sole beneficiary).     made in order to challenge the assessments and as such have been
The maturity date of the loan was 31 March 2015. IDBI disputed the            recognised as a receivable on the consolidated balance sheet. The total
prepayment, following which USL filed a writ petition in November 2013        amount of protest payments recognised as a receivable as at 30 June
before the High Court of Karnataka (the High Court) challenging the           2021 is £106 million (corporate tax payments of £96 million and indirect
bank’s actions.                                                               tax payments of £10 million).
     Following the original maturity date of the loan, USL received notices        In the United States a lawsuit was filed on 15 April 2019 by the
from IDBI seeking to recall the loan, demanding a further sum of INR 459      National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) against the United States
million (£4 million) on account of the outstanding principal, accrued         Department of the Treasury (US Treasury) and the United States Customs
interest and other amounts, and also threatening to enforce the security      and Border Protection (CBP) on behalf of its affected industry members,
in the event that USL did not make these further payments. Pursuant to        including Diageo, to invalidate regulations published in February 2019
an application filed by USL before the High Court in the writ                 and to ensure that substitution drawback is permitted in accordance
proceedings, the High Court directed that, subject to USL depositing          with 19 USC § 1313(j)(2) as amended by the Trade Facilitation and Trade
such further amount with the bank (which amount was duly deposited            Enforcement Act of 2015, which was enacted on 24 February 2016
by USL), the bank should hold the amount in a suspense account and            (TFTEA). Substitution drawback permits the refund, including of excise
not deal with any of the secured assets including the shares until            taxes, paid on imported merchandise when sufficiently similar substitute
disposal of the original writ petition filed by USL before the High Court.    merchandise is exported. The United States Congress passed the TFTEA




                                                                                                                                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     On 27 June 2019, a single judge bench of the High Court issued an        to, among other things, clarify and broaden the standard for what
order dismissing the writ petition filed by USL, amongst other things, on     constitutes substitute merchandise. This change should entitle Diageo
the basis that the matter involved an issue of breach of contract by USL      to obtain substitution drawback in respect of certain eligible product
and was therefore not maintainable in exercise of the court’s writ            categories. Despite this change in the law, the US Treasury and CBP
jurisdiction. USL has since filed an appeal against this order before a       issued final regulations in 2019 declaring that substitution drawback is
division bench of the High Court, which on 30 July 2019 has issued an         not available for imports when substituted with an export on which no
interim order directing the bank to not deal with any of the secured          tax was paid. The Court of International Trade issued a judgement in
assets until the next date of hearing. On 13 January 2020, the division       favour of NAM on 18 February 2020, denying the request by the US
bench of the High Court admitted the writ appeal and extended the             Treasury and CBP for a stay of payment on 15 May 2020, and on 26 May
interim stay. This appeal is currently pending. Based on the assessment       2020, ordered the immediate processing of claims. Total payments of
of USL’s management supported by external legal opinions, USL                 $129 million (£94 million) had been received as of 30 June 2021 in
continues to believe that it has a strong case on the merits and therefore    respect of this matter, with approximately $33 million (£26 million) of
continues to believe that the aforesaid amount of INR 459 million (£4         this amount received during the year ended 30 June 2020 and another
million) remains recoverable from IDBI.                                       $96 million (£68 million) received during the year ended 30 June 2021.
(g) Tax                                                                       Remaining eligible outstanding claims of Diageo Americas Supply, Inc.
The international tax environment has seen increased scrutiny and rapid       are estimated at $12 million (£8 million). However, the US Treasury and
change over recent years bringing with it greater uncertainty for             CBP has filed an appeal with the US Federal Court of Appeals, which is
multinationals. Against this backdrop, Diageo has been monitoring             now fully briefed. Although Diageo believes that the NAM is more likely
developments and continues to engage transparently with the tax               than not to ultimately prevail, if they were to fail, the CBP could be
authorities in the countries where Diageo operates to ensure that the         permitted to recover these payments.
group manages its arrangements on a sustainable basis.                        (h) Information request
   In April 2019, the European Commission issued its decision in a state      Diageo has received an inquiry from the US Securities and Exchange
aid investigation into the Group Financing Exemption in the UK                Commission requesting information relating to Diageo’s business
controlled foreign company (CFC) rules. The European Commission               operations in certain markets and to its policies, procedures and
found that part of the Group Financing Exemption constitutes state aid.       compliance environment. Diageo is responding to this information
The Group Financing Exemption was introduced in legislation by the UK         request but is currently unable to assess whether the inquiry will evolve
government in 2013. In common with other UK-based international               into any enforcement action or, if this were to transpire, to quantify
companies whose arrangements are in line with current UK CFC                  meaningfully the possible loss or range of loss, if any, to which any such
legislation, Diageo could have been affected by the ultimate outcome of       action might give rise.
this investigation. The UK government and other UK-based international
companies, including Diageo which calculated its maximum potential            (i) Other
liability to be approximately £277 million, appealed to the General Court     The group has extensive international operations and is a defendant in a
of the European Union against the decision. In February 2021, HMRC            number of legal, customs and tax proceedings incidental to these
completed its review of the specific facts relating to Diageo and             operations, the outcome of which cannot at present be foreseen. In
confirmed that Diageo was not a beneficiary of state aid and that no          particular, the group is currently a defendant in various customs
assessment would be issued.                                                   proceedings that challenge the declared customs value of products
     The group operates in a large number of markets with complex tax         imported by certain Diageo companies. Diageo continues to defend its
and legislative regimes that are open to subjective interpretation. As        position vigorously in these proceedings.
assessing an accurate value of contingent liabilities in these markets

 DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                          Diageo Annual Report 2021         185
                                                                                                                                                      185
Save as disclosed above, neither Diageo, nor any member of the Diageo             (i)    Time-apportioned fair value of unvested options and share awards.
                                                                                  (ii)   £1 million of the termination benefits disclosed for 2021 have been paid in the year
group, is or has been engaged in, nor (so far as Diageo is aware) is there               ended 30 June 2021; a further £1 million will be paid in the year ending 30 June 2022.
pending or threatened by or against it, any legal or arbitration
proceedings which may have a significant effect on the financial                  Non-Executive Directors do not receive share-based payments or post
position of the Diageo group.                                                     employment benefits.
                                                                                     In April 2020, the Directors became aware that certain purchases by
19. Commitments                                                                   Diageo of its own shares and certain transactions related to Diageo’s
(a) Capital commitments                                                           employee share schemes between 10 May 2019 and 9 August 2019,
Commitments for expenditure on intangibles and property, plant and                amounting to approximately £320 million (‘the affected transactions’), were
equipment not provided for in these consolidated financial statements             undertaken contrary to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act 2006 as
are estimated at £263 million (2020 – £312 million; 2019 – £255 million).         they were undertaken following utilisation in full of Diageo plc's distributable
                                                                                  reserves as set out in its balance sheet as at 30 June 2018. At the Annual General
(b) Other commitments                                                             Meeting on 28 September 2020, a resolution was passed to appropriate an
The minimum lease rentals payable in the year ended 30 June 2021 for              equivalent amount of distributable profits of the company to the payments made
short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are estimated at £11             in respect of the affected transactions and implement arrangements to put all
million (2020 – £19 million) . The total future cash outflows for leases that     potentially affected parties, so far as possible, in the position in which they were
                                                                                  intended to be had the affected transactions been undertaken in accordance
had not yet commenced, and not recognised as lease liabilities at 30
                                                                                  with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act 2006. This resolution and the
June 2021, are estimated at £132 million (2020 – £133 million) .                  arrangements that it has implemented constituted a related party transaction
20. Related party transactions                                                    under IAS 24 and under the Listing Rules, as the Directors benefitted from the
                                                                                  waiver of any claims that the company had or may have had against them as a
Transactions between the group and its related parties are made on                result of the affected transactions.
terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions.                   There have been no other transactions with these related parties during the
(a) Subsidiaries                                                                  year ended 30 June 2021 on terms other than those that prevail in arm’s length
                                                                                  transactions.
Transactions between the company and its subsidiaries are eliminated
on consolidation and therefore are not disclosed. Details of the principal        (d) Pension plans
group companies are given in note 21.                                             The Diageo pension plans are recharged with the cost of administration
                                                                                  services provided by the group to the pension plans and with
(b) Associates and joint ventures
                                                                                  professional fees paid by the group on behalf of the pension plans. The
Sales and purchases to and from associates and joint ventures are                 total amount recharged for the year was £nil (2020 – £nil ; 2019 – £3
principally in respect of premium drinks products but also include the            million).
provision of management services.
    Transactions and balances with associates and joint ventures are set          (e) Directors’ remuneration
out in the table below:                                                                                                                          2021          2020          2019
                                                                                                                                             £ million      £ million     £ million
                                                 2021        2020        2019
                                                                                   Salaries and short-term employee benefits                        2              2              2
                                              £ million   £ million   £ million
                                                                                   Annual incentive plan                                            4            —                2
Income statement items
                                                                                   Non-Executive Directors' fees                                    1              1              1
Sales                                                8           9           9
                                                                                   Share option exercises(i)                                      —              —                2
Purchases                                          23          29          28
                                                                                   Shares vesting(i)                                                1            11            13
Balance sheet items
                                                                                   Post employment benefits                                       —                1              1
Group payables                                       5           2         12
                                                                                                                                                    8            15            21
Group receivables                                    1           1           2
                                                                                  (i)    Gains on options realised in the year and the benefit from share awards, calculated by
Loans payable                                        9           6           6
                                                                                         using the share price applicable on the date of exercise of the share options and release
Loans receivable                                 108           82          55            of the awards.
Cash flow items
Loans and equity contributions, net                38          47          32

Other disclosures in respect of associates and joint ventures are included
in note 6.
(c) Key management personnel
The key management of the group comprises the Executive and Non-
Executive Directors, the members of the Executive Committee and the
Company Secretary. They are listed under ‘Board of Directors and
Company Secretary’ and ‘Executive Committee’.

                                                 2021        2020        2019
                                              £ million   £ million   £ million

Salaries and short-term employee benefits            9         10          10
Annual incentive plan                              13          —           10
Non-Executive Directors’ fees                        1           1           1
Share-based payments(i)                            12         (11)         20
Post employment benefits                             1           2           3
Termination benefits(ii)                             2           2         —
                                                   38            4         44




 186
186        DIAGEO
        Diageo    Annual
               Annual    Report
                      Report    2021
                             2021
21. Principal group companies
The companies listed below include those which principally affect the profits and assets of the group. The operating companies listed below may
carry on the business described in the countries listed in conjunction with their subsidiaries and other group companies.
                                                                                                  Percentage of
                                             Country of incorporation Country of operation        equity owned(i)   Business description
 Subsidiaries
 Diageo Ireland                              Republic of Ireland        Worldwide                 100%              Production, marketing and distribution of premium drinks
 Diageo Great Britain Limited                England                    Great Britain             100%              Marketing and distribution of premium drinks
 Diageo Scotland Limited                     Scotland                   Worldwide                 100%              Production, marketing and distribution of premium drinks
 Diageo Brands B.V.                          Netherlands                Worldwide                 100%              Marketing and distribution of premium drinks
 Diageo North America, Inc.                  United States              Worldwide                 100%              Production, importing, marketing and distribution of premium drinks
 United Spirits Limited(ii)                  India                      India                     55.94%            Production, importing, marketing and distribution of premium drinks
 Diageo Capital plc(iii)                     Scotland                   United Kingdom            100%              Financing company for the group
                          (iii)
 Diageo Finance plc                          England                    United Kingdom            100%              Financing company for the group
 Diageo Investment Corporation               United States              United States             100%              Financing company for the US group
 Mey İçki Sanayi ve Ticaret A.Ş.             Turkey                     Turkey                    100%              Production, marketing and distribution of premium drinks
 Associates
 Moët Hennessy, SAS(iv)                      France                     France                    34%               Production, marketing and distribution of premium drinks
(i)     All percentages, unless otherwise stated, are in respect of holdings of ordinary share capital and are equivalent to the percentages of voting rights held by the group.
(ii)    Percentage ownership excludes 2.38% owned by the USL Benefit Trust.
(iii)   Directly owned by Diageo plc.
(iv)    French limited liability company.




                                                                                                                                                                                          FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




    DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                                                         Diageo Annual Report 2021     187
                                                                                                                                                                                    187
Company balance sheet of Diageo plc
                                                                                                               30 June 2021                  30 June 2020
                                                                                                    Notes   £ million         £ million   £ million         £ million
Non-current assets
Investment in subsidiary undertakings                                                                  3    61,558                        61,342
Other financial assets                                                                                 4       389                           644
Post employment benefit assets                                                                         6       854                           963
                                                                                                                              62,801                        62,949
Current assets
Amounts owed by group undertakings                                                                     4     5,335                         7,514
Trade and other receivables                                                                                        7                             9
Other financial assets                                                                                 4           3                           —
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                        39                            12
                                                                                                                               5,384                         7,535
Total assets                                                                                                                  68,185                        70,484
Current liabilities
Amounts owed to group undertakings                                                                     4      (220)                             (7)
Borrowings                                                                                                      (33)                           —
Other financial liabilities                                                                            4        (94)                           —
Trade and other payables                                                                                        (34)                          (45)
Provisions                                                                                             7        (14)                          (15)
                                                                                                                                (395)                           (67)
Non-current liabilities
Amounts owed to group undertakings                                                                     4    (8,762)                       (9,556)
Other financial liabilities                                                                            4      (389)                         (644)
Provisions                                                                                             7      (165)                         (173)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                               5      (144)                         (127)
Post employment benefit liabilities                                                                    6        (95)                        (100)
                                                                                                                              (9,555)                       (10,600)
Total liabilities                                                                                                             (9,950)                       (10,667)
Net assets                                                                                                                    58,235                        59,817
Equity
Share capital (2021 – 2,559 million shares (2020 - 2,562 million shares) of 28 101/108 pence each      9       741                           742
Share premium                                                                                                1,351                         1,351
Merger reserve                                                                                         9     9,161                         9,161
Capital redemption reserve                                                                                   3,202                         3,201
                                                                                                                              14,455                        14,455
Retained earnings:
  At beginning of year                                                                                      45,362                         4,224
  Profit for the year                                                                                          294                        11,480
  Other changes in retained earnings                                                                        (1,876)                       29,658
                                                                                                                              43,780                        45,362
Total equity                                                                                                                  58,235                        59,817

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these parent company financial statements.
   These financial statements have been approved by a duly appointed and authorised committee of the Board of Directors on 28 July 2021 and
were signed on its behalf by Ivan Menezes and Lavanya Chandrashekar, Directors.
Company registration number No. 23307




 188
188         DIAGEO
         Diageo    Annual
                Annual    Report
                       Report    2021
                              2021
Statement of changes in equity for Diageo plc
                                                                                                                Retained earnings/(deficit)
                                                                                               Capital
                                                                      Share     Merger     redemption
                                                   Share capital   premium      reserve        reserve   Own shares     Other reserve            Total    Total equity
                                                       £ million   £ million   £ million     £ million     £ million        £ million         £ million      £ million
At 30 June 2019                                            753       1,350       9,161         3,190        (2,026)           6,250             4,224         18,678
Profit for the year                                         —           —           —              —            —            11,480           11,480         11,480
Other comprehensive income                                  —           —           —              —            —            32,506           32,506         32,506
Total comprehensive income for the year                     —           —           —              —            —           43,986            43,986         43,986
Employee share schemes                                      —           —           —              —            90               (36)              54             54
Share-based incentive plans                                 —           —           —              —            —                  2                 2              2
Tax on share-based incentive plans                          —           —           —              —            —                 (2)               (2)            (2)
Shares issued                                               —             1         —              —            —                —                 —                1
Share buyback programme                                     (11)        —           —              11           —            (1,256)           (1,256)        (1,256)
Dividends paid                                              —           —           —              —            —            (1,646)           (1,646)        (1,646)
At 30 June 2020                                           742       1,351       9,161          3,201       (1,936)          47,298            45,362         59,817
Profit for the year                                         —           —           —              —            —               294              294            294
Other comprehensive loss                                    —           —           —              —            —              (131)            (131)           (131)
Total comprehensive income for the year                     —           —           —              —            —               163              163            163
Employee share schemes                                      —           —           —             —             59              (10)               49             49
Share-based incentive plans                                 —           —           —             —             —                49                49             49
Tax on share-based incentive plans                          —           —           —             —             —                  3                 3              3
Share buyback programme                                      (1)        —           —               1           —              (200)            (200)           (200)
Dividends paid                                              —           —           —             —             —            (1,646)          (1,646)        (1,646)
At 30 June 2021                                           741       1,351       9,161          3,202       (1,877)          45,657            43,780         58,235




                                                                                                                                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these parent company financial statements.




 DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                             Diageo Annual Report 2021                 189
                                                                                                                                                                 189
Notes to the company financial statements of Diageo plc
1. Accounting policies of the company                                         Pensions and other post employment benefits
Basis of preparation                                                          The company’s accounting policy for post employment benefits is the
The financial statements of Diageo plc (the company) are prepared in          same as set out in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements. The
accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure           company acts as sponsor of all UK post employment plans for the
Framework (FRS 101).                                                          benefit of employees and former employees throughout the group.
    In preparing these financial statements, the company applies the          There is no contractual agreement or stated policy for charging the net
recognition, measurement, and disclosure requirements of International        defined benefit costs for the plan measured in accordance with FRS 101,
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (IFRS), but makes          to other group companies whose employees participate in these group
amendments where necessary in order to comply with the Companies              wide plans. However, recharges to other group companies are made on
Act 2006 and has excluded certain information as permitted by FRS 101.        a funding basis and are credited against post employment service costs
    The financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis            to the extent they are in respect of current service. The fair value of the
under the historical cost convention, except that certain financial           plans’ assets less the present value of the plans’ liabilities are disclosed as
instruments and post employment benefits which are measured and               a net asset or net liability on the company’s balance sheet as it is
stated at their fair value.                                                   deemed to be the legal sponsor of these plans. The net income charge/
    By virtue of section 408 of the Companies Act 2006 the company is         credit reflects the increase in the defined benefit obligation resulting
exempt from presenting an income statement and disclosing employee            from service in the current year, benefit changes, curtailments and
numbers and staff costs. The company has taken advantage of the               settlements. Past service costs are recognised in income. The net interest
exemption under FRS 101 from preparing a cash flow statement and              cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the
related notes, disclosures in respect of transactions and the capital         defined benefit obligation and the fair value of the plan assets and is
management of wholly owned subsidiaries, the effects of new but not           included in the income statement. Any differences due to changes in
yet effective IFRSs and disclosures in respect of the compensation of Key     assumptions or experience are recognised in other comprehensive
Management Personnel. As the consolidated financial statements of             income.
Diageo plc include equivalent disclosures, the company has also utilised      Provisions
exemptions available under FRS 101 from disclosing IFRS 2 Share-based
                                                                              The company’s accounting policy for provisions is the same as set out in
Payments in respect of group settled share-based payments, disclosures
                                                                              note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
required by IFRS 7 Financial Instruments Disclosures and by IFRS 13 Fair
Value Measurement.                                                            Taxation
Investment in subsidiaries                                                    The company’s accounting policy for taxation is the same as set out in
                                                                              note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
Investments in subsidiaries are stated at historical cost less impairment
provisions for any permanent decrease in value. The carrying amounts of       Financial assets and liabilities
the company’s investments are reviewed at each reporting date to              Financial assets and liabilities are initially recorded at fair value including,
determine whether there is an indication of impairment. If such an            where permitted by IFRS 9, any directly attributable transaction costs. For
indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.          those financial assets that are not subsequently held at fair value, the
Losses are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income and            company assesses whether there is evidence of impairment at each
reflected in an allowance against the carrying value. Where an event          balance sheet date. The company classifies its financial assets and
results in the asset’s recoverable amount being higher than the               liabilities into the following categories: financial assets and liabilities at
previously impaired carrying value, the original impairment may be            amortised cost, financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit
reversed through the statement of comprehensive income in                     and loss and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
subsequent periods.                                                           income. Where financial assets or liabilities are eligible to be carried at
Dividends received and paid                                                   either amortised cost or fair value the company does not apply the fair
                                                                              value option.
Dividends are included in the financial statements in the financial year in
                                                                                   Amounts owed by group undertakings are initially measured at
which they are approved. Dividends received are included in the
                                                                              fair value and are subsequently reported at amortised cost. Non-interest
financial statements in the year in which they are receivable.                bearing trade receivables are stated at their nominal value as they are
Share-based payments – employee benefits                                      due on demand. Allowances for expected credit losses are made based
The company’s accounting policy for share-based payments is the same          on the risk of non-payment, taking into account ageing, previous
                                                                              experience, economic conditions and forward-looking data. Such
as set out in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements. Where the
                                                                              allowances are measured as either 12-month expected credit losses or
company grants options over its own shares to the employees of its
                                                                              lifetime expected credit losses depending on changes in the credit
subsidiaries, it generally recharges the cost to the relevant group           quality of the counterparty. Expected credit loss is immaterial for
company. Where the amount is not recharged, the value of the options          amounts owed by group undertakings.
is recognised as a capital contribution to the subsidiaries and increases          Amounts owed to group undertakings are initially measured at
the cost of investment.                                                       fair value and are subsequently reported at amortised cost. Non-interest
                                                                              bearing trade payables are stated at their nominal value as they are due
                                                                              on demand. For a number of loans owed to other group companies, the
                                                                              company has a contractual right to defer payment by one year and one
                                                                              day and therefore these amounts are disclosed as non-current liabilities.




 190
190        DIAGEO
        Diageo    Annual
               Annual    Report
                      Report    2021
                             2021
Financial guarantee contract liabilities                                       (a) On 21 April 2021 the group carried out a restructuring of the
Financial guarantee contract liabilities are measured initially at their       ownership of a number of its subsidiaries. This involved Diageo plc
fair values. These liabilities are subsequently measured at the higher of      increasing its investment in its wholly owned subsidiary, Tanqueray
the amount determined under IAS 37 and the amount initially                    Gordon and Company Limited (TGCL) by £214 million through the
recognised (fair value) less where appropriate, cumulative amortisation        issuance of promissory note in return for an issue of 867,364 ordinary
of the initial amount recognised.                                              shares of £100 each in TGCL which have a market value equal to the
                                                                               principal amount of the promissory note.
Judgements in applying accounting policies and key sources of                      Investments in subsidiary undertakings include £134 million (2020 –
estimation uncertainty                                                         £132 million) of costs in respect of share-based payments, granted to
The preparation of financial statements requires the directors to make         subsidiary undertakings which were not recharged to the subsidiaries.
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets           The additions comprise £2 million not recharged and capitalised as a
and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the    cost of investment during the year ended 30 June 2021.
date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues             A list of group companies as at 30 June 2021 is provided in note 10.
and expenses during the year. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.                                                                     4. Financial assets and liabilities
    The critical accounting policies, which the directors consider are of      Other financial assets and liabilities are recorded at fair value through
greater complexity and/or particularly subject to the exercise of              profit and loss and comprise the fair value of interest rate swaps and
estimates and judgements, are the same as those disclosed in note 1 to         cross currency interest rate swaps with subsidiary undertakings, where
the consolidated financial statements in respect of taxation, post             the company acts as an intermediary between group companies,
employment benefits, contingent liabilities and legal proceedings.             therefore it is not expected that there will be any net impact on future
    A critical accounting estimate, specific to the company is the             cash flows.
assessment of the recoverable amount of the investments in                         Amounts owed by and to group undertakings, trade and other
subsidiaries. Impairment reviews are carried out to ensure that the value      receivables and trade and other payables are measured at amortised
of the investments in subsidiaries are not carried at above their              cost.
recoverable amounts. The tests are dependent on management’s                        Amounts owed by and to group undertakings are interest bearing
estimates in respect of the forecasting of future cash flows, the discount     and unsecured. For a majority of the loans owed to other group
rates applicable to the future cash flows and expected growth rates.           companies, the company has a contractual right to defer payment by
Such estimates and judgements are subject to change as a result of             one year and one day and they are therefore classified as non-current
changing economic conditions and actual cash flows may differ from             liabilities. Other amounts owed by and to group undertakings are
forecasts.                                                                     repayable on demand.
    Additional estimates have been applied by management regarding             5. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
the potential financial impact of Covid-19 pandemic environment in




                                                                                                                                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
respect of the anticipated future cash flows of the indirect operating                                                       Post          Other
                                                                                                                      employment     temporary
subsidiaries of the company. Details in respect of Covid-19 assessment                                                      plans    differences      Total
are set out in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.                                                          £ million     £ million   £ million

2. Income statement                                                            At 30 June 2019                              (146)           39        (107)
Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements provides details of the        Changes in tax rates                          (17)             4        (13)
remuneration of the company’s auditor for the group.                           Recognised in income statement                  (5)           (3)         (8)
    Information on Directors’ emoluments, share and other interests,           Recognised in other comprehensive
transactions and pension entitlements is included in the Directors’              income and equity                              4            (3)           1
remuneration report in this Annual Report.                                     At 30 June 2020                             (164)            37       (127)
3. Investment in subsidiary undertakings                                       Changes in tax rates                          (46)           11         (35)
                                                                               Recognised in income statement                  (1)           (2)         (3)
                                                                   £ million
                                                                               Recognised in other comprehensive
Cost                                                                             income and equity                            21            —           21
At 30 June 2020                                                     72,482     At 30 June 2021                             (190)            46       (144)
Additions (a)                                                          216
At 30 June 2021                                                     72,698     Deferred tax on other temporary differences includes assets in respect of
                                                                               the UK Thalidomide Trust liability of £45 million (2020 – £36 million) and
                                                                               share-based payment liabilities of £1 million (2020 – £1 million).
Provision
At 30 June 2020                                                    (11,140)    6. Post employment benefits
Increase in the year                                                      —    The movement in the net surplus for the two years ended 30 June 2021,
At 30 June 2021                                                    (11,140)
                                                                               for all UK post employment plans for which the company is the sponsor,
                                                                               is as follows:

Carrying amount
At 30 June 2021                                                     61,558
At 30 June 2020                                                     61,342

Investments in subsidiary undertakings are stated at historical cost of
£72,698 million (2020 – £72,482 million) less impairment provisions of
£11,140 million (2020 – £11,140 million).




 DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                          Diageo Annual Report 2021          191
                                                                                                                                                       191
                                       Plan assets   Plan liabilities   Net surplus   8. Financial guarantees and letters of comfort
                                         £ million         £ million      £ million   The company has guaranteed certain external borrowings of subsidiaries
At 30 June 2019                            7,115            (6,259)           856     which at 30 June 2021 amounted to £14,102 million (2020 – £15,701
Charge before taxation                       155              (178)            (23)   million).
Other comprehensive income/(loss)
                                                                                          The company has also provided irrevocable guarantees relating to
                                             699              (734)            (35)
                                                                                      the liabilities of certain of its Irish and Dutch subsidiaries. In addition, the
Contributions by group companies              65                 —             65
                                                                                      company has provided a guarantee to the Guinness Ireland Group
Employee contributions                          1                 (1)          —      Pension Scheme. The company has assessed that the likelihood of these
Benefits paid                               (339)              339             —      guarantees being called is remote. The Directors do not expect the
At 30 June 2020                           7,696            (6,833)            863     company to be liable for any legal obligation in respect of these financial
Charge before taxation                      109               (155)           (46)    guarantee agreements, and they have been recognised at nil fair value.
                                                                                          The company issued a letter of comfort to provide sufficient funds to
Other comprehensive (loss)/income           (237)              128           (109)
                                                                                      directly owned subsidiary undertakings as and when required.
Contributions by group companies              51                 —             51
Employee contributions                          1                (1)           —      9. Shareholders’ funds
Benefits paid                               (279)              279             —
                                                                                      (a) Merger reserve
At 30 June 2021                           7,341            (6,582)            759
                                                                                      On the acquisition of a business, or of an interest in an associate, fair
                                                                                      values, reflecting conditions at the date of acquisition, are attributed to
The net surplus for the UK post employment plans of £759 million (2020                the net assets acquired. Where merger relief is applicable under the UK
– £863 million) for which the company is a sponsor comprises funded                   Companies Acts, the difference between the fair value of the business
plans of £854 million (2020 – £963 million) disclosed as part of non-                 acquired and the nominal value of shares issued as purchase
current assets and unfunded liabilities of £95 million (2020 – £100                   consideration is treated as a merger reserve.
million) disclosed as part of non-current liabilities.                                (b) Own shares
    The disclosures have been prepared in accordance with IFRIC 14. In                At 30 June 2021 own shares comprised 2 million ordinary shares held by
particular, where the calculation for a plan results in a surplus, the                employee share trusts (2020 – 2 million; 2019 – 3 million); 221 million
recognised asset is limited to the present value of any available future              ordinary shares repurchased and held as treasury shares (2020 – 222
refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan,              million; 2019 – 222 million); and nil ordinary shares held as treasury
and any additional liabilities are recognised as required.                            shares for hedging share scheme grants (2020 – 3 million; 2019 – 7
     Additional information on the UK post employment plans and the                   million).
principal risks and assumptions applicable is disclosed in note 13 to the                 During the year ended 30 June 2021 the group purchased 3.2 million
consolidated financial statements.                                                    ordinary shares (2020 – 39 million; 2019 – 94.7 million), representing
7. Provisions                                                                         approximately 0.1% of the issued ordinary share capital (2020 – 1.5%;
                                                                                      2019 – 3.5%) at an average price of £34.07 per share, and an aggregate
                                      Thalidomide             Other           Total
                                                                                      cost of £109 million (including £1 million of transaction costs) (2020 –
                                         £ million         £ million      £ million
                                                                                      £32.43 per share, and an aggregate cost of £1,282 million including £7
At 30 June 2020                             187                   1           188     million of transaction costs; 2019 – £29.24 per share, and an aggregate
Provisions utilised during the year          (13)                —            (13)    cost of £2,775 million, including £6 million of transaction costs) under
Transfer to equity                            —                  (1)            (1)   the share buyback programme. The shares purchased under the share
Unwinding of discounts                          5                —               5    buyback programmes were cancelled.
At 30 June 2021
                                                                                           A financial liability of £91 million was established at 30 June 2021
                                            179                  —            179
                                                                                      representing the 2.6 million shares that were expected to be purchased
The company’s commitment to the UK Thalidomide Trust is discounted                    before 29 July 2021.
and will be utilised over the period of the commitment up to 2037.                         Information on movements in own shares is provided in note 17(c)
    At 30 June 2021 £14 million (2020 – £15 million) of provision is                  to the consolidated financial statements.
current and £165 million (2020 – £173 million) is non-current.                        (c) Retained earnings
                                                                                      £10,543 million (2020 – £11,996 million) of retained earnings is available
                                                                                      for the payment of dividends or purchases of own shares. Determining
                                                                                      the company’s reserves available for distribution is complex and
                                                                                      requires, in some instances, the application of judgement. The company
                                                                                      has determined what is realised and unrealised in accordance with the
                                                                                      Companies Act 2006 and the guidance included in ICAEW Technical
                                                                                      Release TECH 02/17BL ‘Guidance on realised and distributable profits
                                                                                      under the Companies Act 2006’. The company’s reserves available for
                                                                                      distribution include adjustments to retained earnings in respect of the
                                                                                      unrealised portion of the dividend in specie received by the company,
                                                                                      post employment benefit surpluses and share based payment charges
                                                                                      capitalised to investments.




 192
192        DIAGEO
        Diageo    Annual
               Annual    Report
                      Report    2021
                             2021
10. Group companies
In accordance with Section 409 of the Companies Act 2006 a full list of subsidiaries, partnerships, associates, joint ventures and joint arrangements,
the country of incorporation and the effective percentage of equity owned, as at 30 June 2021 are disclosed below. Unless otherwise stated the share
capital disclosed comprises ordinary shares which are indirectly held by Diageo plc.
                                                      China                                                 Hong Kong
FULLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES
                                                      No. 9 Quanxing Road, Jinniu District, 610036,         31/F, Tower two, Times Square, 1 Matheson street
Angola                                                Chengdu City                                          Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
Rua Fernao de Sousa, Condominio Bengo, Letter A,      Sichuan Chengdu Shuijingfang Group Co., Ltd           Diageo RTD Hong Kong Limited
11.s floor, Fraction A37, neighbourhood Vila Alice,
Province of Luanda                                    No.209 Gonghe Road, Tower 2, Enterprise Centre,       Hungary
                                                      2101, 21, Jing'an District, 200070, Shanghai          Vaci ut 20-26, Budapest, 1132
Diageo Angola Limitada
                                                      Diageo China Limited                                  Diageo Business Services Limited
Argentina
                                                      No.28 Jiafeng Road, 2502, 5, Pudong District,         Diageo Employee Ownership Program
Bernardo de Irigoyen 972, floor 7, office A, CABA     200137, Shanghai                                      Organization
Diageo de Argentina S.A.                              Diageo (Shanghai) Limited                             Diageo Hungary Finance Limited Liability
Australia                                             752A, No.7 Warehouse, Qianhai Warehouse,              Company
162 Blues Point Road, Level 1, NSW, 2060,             Merchants Bonded, Nanshan District, Shenzhen          Diageo Hungary Marketing Services Limited
McMahons Point                                        Diageo Supply Chain (Shenzen) Co., Ltd                Liability Company
D.C.L (Holdings) Australia Proprietary                Baimi Cang Youth Cultural Creation Space, No. 6,      India
Limited(ii),(iii)                                     Baimi Village, Fengyu, Eryuan,                        Kempapura Main Road, Opp Nagawara Lake,
Diageo Australia Limited(iii)                         Dali Bai Minority Region, Yunnan Province             Karle SEZ Tower, 2nd floor, Karnataka, 560045,
Bundaberg Distilling Investments Pty Ltd(iii)         Diageo Liquor (Dali) Co., Ltd.                        Bangalore
Whitted Street, QLD, 4670, Bundaberg                  Colombia                                              Diageo Business Services India Private Limited
Bundaberg Distilling Company Pty. Limited(v)          100 street No.13-21 Office 502. Bogota                Marathon Futurex, A-Wing, 2601, 26th Floor,
Austria                                               Diageo Colombia S.A.                                  N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai, 400 013
                                                      Costa Rica                                            Diageo Distilleries Private Limited(vii)
Teinfaltstrasse 8, 1010, Wien
                                                      1 km Este Periodico La Nacion, Llorente de Tibas,     Diageo India Private Limited
Diageo Austria GmbH
                                                      Edificio Vinum Store, San Jose                        Indonesia
Belgium
                                                      Diageo Costa Rica S.A.                                Jl Jend Sudirman Kav. 76-78, Sudirman Plaza,
Z.3 Doornveld 150, 1731, Zellik
                                                      Croatia                                               Plaza Marein, 15th, Jakarta Selatan, 12910, Jakarta




                                                                                                                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Diageo Belgium N.V.
                                                      Hektoroviceva ulica 2, 10000, Zagreb                  PT Gitaswara Indonesia(ix)
Bermuda
                                                      Diageo Croatia d.o.o.za usluge                        Italy
Victoria Place, 5th Floor, 31 Victoria Street,
                                                      Cyprus                                                Strada Statale 63, 12069, Santa Vittoria d'Alba (CN)
Hamilton, HM10
                                                      3 Themistokli Dervi Ave, Julia House, 1066, Nicosia   Diageo Operations Italy S.p.A.
Atalantaf Limited
                                                      Horizon Developments Limited         (ii)             Via Ernesto Lugaro 15, 10126, Torino
Brazil
                                                      Czech Republic                                        Diageo Italia S.p.A.
Av. Washington Soares, 1280, Ceará, 60.810-350,
Fortaleza                                             Na Pankráci 1724/129, 140 00, Prague                  Japan
Ypioca industrial de Bebidas S.A.                     Diageo Czech Marketing Services LLC                   9-7-1 Akasaka, Minato-ku, Tokyo 164-0001
Fazenda Santa Eliza, Zona Rural, Ceará, 62.685-000,   Denmark                                               Diageo Japan Administration Services K.K.
Paraipaba                                                                                                   Diageo Japan K.K.
                                                      Sundkrogsgade 19, 2. 2100, Copenhagen
Ypioca Agricola LTDA                                                                                        Kazakhstan
                                                      Diageo Denmark AS
Rua Olimpiadas, 205, floor 14-15, 04551-000,                                                                Timiryazev street 28 V, office 704, Bostandik district,
Sao Paulo                                             Dominican Republic
                                                                                                            50040, Almaty
Diageo Brasil Ltda                                    Av. Lope de Vega no. 29, Santo Domingo 10125
                                                                                                            Diageo Kazakhstan LLP.
Bulgaria                                              Diageo Dominicana S.R.L.
                                                                                                            Kenya
7 Iskarsko Shose Blvd., Trade Center Europe,          Ethiopia
                                                                                                            L R NO 1870/1/176, Aln House,
building 12, floor 2, 1528, Sofia                     Region Oromia, Kebele 05 Sebeta Hawas,                Eldama Ravine Close, off Eldama Ravine Road,
Diageo Bulgaria Ltd                                   Sebeta Town                                           Westlands, Nairobi
Cameroon                                              Meta Abo Brewery Share Company                        Diageo Kenya Limited
Bassa industrial trade zone, Ndog HemII,              France                                                La Reunion
PO BOX 1213 Douala                                    73, Rue de Provence, 75009, Paris                     14, rue Jules Thirel A30 97460 Saint Paul,
Guinness Cameroun S.A.                                Guinness France Holdings SAS                          Reunion Island
Canada                                                United Distillers France SAS                          Diageo Reunion SAS
134 Peter Street, Suite 1501, Ontario, M5V 2H2,       Germany                                               Lebanon
Toronto                                                                                                     Verdun Street, Ibiza Building, Beirut,
                                                      Reeperbahn 1, 20359, Hamburg
Diageo Canada Holdings Inc.                                                                                 PO Box 113-5631
                                                      Belsazar GmbH
Diageo Canada Inc.                                                                                          Diageo Lebanon Holding SAL
                                                      Diageo Germany GmbH
Boul Henri-Bourassa E., 9225, Local A,                                                                      Diageo LENA Off-shore SAL
                                                      Greece
Quebec, H1E 1P6 , Montreal                                                                                  Mexico
Diageo Americas Supply Quebec                         27, Agiou Thoma street, Marousi, 151 24, Athens
                                                                                                            Av. Ejercito Nacional, 843-B,
Distribution Inc.                                     Diageo Hellas S.A.
                                                                                                            Torre Paseo Acceso B, 2, Mexico City , 11520
Diageo Ireland Quebec Distribution Inc.               Guernsey                                              Diageo Mexico II SA de CV Sociedad Financiera
Chile                                                 Heritage Hall, Le Marchant Street,                    de Objeto Multiple, E.N.R.
Cerro El Plomo 5630, Piso 13, Las Condes              St Peter Port, GY1 4HY
Diageo Chile Limitada                                 Diageo Group Insurance Company Limited



 DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                             Diageo Annual Report 2021               193
                                                                                                                                                               193
Diageo Mexico SA de CV                                 R & A Bailey & Co                                        Switzerland
Carretera Atotonilco, Guadalajar, kilómetro 8,         UDV Ireland Group (Trustees) Designated                  Place de la Gare 12, Lausanne, 1003
Atotonilco el Alto 47750 Jalisco                       Activity Company                                         Diageo Suisse S.A.
Diageo Mexico Comercializadora S.A. de C.V.            St. James's Gate, Dublin 8                               Tanzania
Porfirio Diaz 17, Jalisco, 47750, Atotonilco el Alto   1759 Property Limited                                    CRB Africa Legal Attorneys, Plot 60, Ursino Street
Diageo Mexico Operaciones S.A. de C.V.                 AGS Employee Shares Nominees (Ireland)                   P.O. Box 32840, Dar es Salaam
Don Julio Agavera S.A. de C.V.                         Designated Activity Company                              Sumagro Limited(ii)
Don Julio Agricultura y Servicios S.A. de C.V.         Arthur Guinness Son & Company (Dublin)(ii)               The Netherlands
Servicios Agavera, S.A. de C.V.                        Diageo Europe Holdings Limited                           De Ruyterkades, Postbus 2852 1000cw Amsterdam
Independencia S/N, Santiago Matatlán, Oaxaca, C.P.     Diageo Ireland                                           United Distillers & Vintners (SJ) B.V.(ii)
70440                                                  Diageo Ireland Finance 1 Unlimited Company               Molenwerf 12, 1014 BG, Amsterdam
Sombra Mezcal S. de R.L. de S.V.                       Diageo Ireland Holdings Unlimited Company                Diageo Atlantic B.V.
Mozambique                                             Diageo Ireland Pension Trustee Designated                Diageo Brands B.V.
Estrada Nacional numero 1, Micanhine, Marracuene       Activity Company(ii)
                                                                                                                Diageo Capital B.V.(i)
Diageo Supply Marracuene Lda.                          Diageo Retirement Savings Plan Designated
                                                       Activity Company                                         Diageo Highlands Holding B.V.
New Zealand                                                                                                     Diageo Holdings Netherlands B.V.
                                                       Diageo Turkey Holdings Limited
123 Carlton Gore Road, Level 2, Newmarket, 1023,                                                                Diageo Molenwerf B.V.
                                                       Guinness Storehouse Limited
Auckland
                                                       Irish Ale Breweries Holdings Unlimited                   Diageo Nederland B.V.
Diageo New Zealand Limited(iii)
                                                       Company(iii)                                             Diageo Relay B.V.(v)
Nigeria
                                                       Powtom 11 Limited                                        Global Farming Initiative B.V.
Oba Akran Avenue Ikeja, 24, Lagos, PMB 21071,
                                                       Powtom 12 Limited                                        Selviac Nederland B.V.
100001
Diageo Brands Nigeria Ltd                              Powtom 13 Limited                                        Turkey
Norway                                                 Powtom 14 Limited                                        Esentepe Mah. Bahar Sk. Ozdilek River Plaza
                                                       Powtom 16 Limited                                        Vyndham Grand Apt. No 13/25 Sisli, Istanbul
Apotekergata 10, 0180 Oslo
                                                       Powtom 17 Limited                                        Mey Alkollü İçkiler Sanayi ve Ticaret A.Ş.
Diageo Norway AS
                                                       R&A Bailey Pension Trustee Designated                    Mey İçki Sanayi ve Ticaret A.Ş.
Panama
                                                       Activity Company(ii)                                     Ukraine
Costa del Este, Ave La Rotonda, Business Park,
                                                       Romania                                                  1v Pavla Tychyny avenue , 2152, Kyiv
Torre V. piso 15 Panama City
Diageo Panama S.A.                                     Expo Business Park, Street Aviator Popisteanu 54A,       Diageo Ukraine LLC
                                                       Cladirea 2, et 1-3, Sector 1, Bucurest, 012244
Panama city, West Boulevard, PH ARIFA,                                                                          United Kingdom
                                                       Diageo Balkans S.R.L.
9th and 10th, Santa Maria Business                                                                              11 Lochside Place, Edinburgh, EH12 9HA
Diageo Taiwan Inc.                                     Russia
                                                                                                                Arthur Bell & Sons Limited(ii)
Paraguay                                               Kaspiyskaya Street, 22, main bld. 1, bld. 5, floor 3,
                                                       apartment VII, room 31a, 115304, Moscow                  Copper Dog Whisky Limited
Avda Aviadores del Chaco 2050.                                                                                  Diageo Capital plc(i)
                                                       D Distribution Joint-Stock Company
Edificio World trade center. Torre 3 piso 11
                                                       Diageo Brands Distributors LLC                           Diageo Scotland Limited
Diageo Paraguay S.R.L.
                                                       Singapore                                                J & B Scotland Limited(ii)
Peru
                                                       112 Robinson Road, 1, 5th Floor, 1,                      John Haig & Company Limited
Victor Andres Belaunde 147, Via Principal 133,
Interior 107, Piso 10, San Isidro, Lima                Singapore 68902                                          The Lochnagar Distillery Limited(ii)
Diageo Peru S.A.                                       Diageo Singapore Pte Ltd.                                William Sanderson and Son Limited(ii)
Philippines                                            Diageo Singapore Supply Pte. Ltd.                        Zepf Technologies UK Limited
Lower G/F,                                             Streetcar Investment Holding Pte. Ltd.                   3rd Floor Capital House, 3 Upper Queen Street,
Unit A Eight West Campus Le Grand Avenue,              South Africa                                             Belfast
Mckinley West Fort Bonifacio,                          Building 3, Maxwell Office Park,                         Diageo Global Supply IBC Limited
Taguig City , NCR Fourth District, 1630                Magwa Crescent West, Waterfall City,                     Diageo Northern Ireland Limited(i)
Diageo Asia Pacific Shared Services Centre             Midrand, 2090                                            S & B Production Limited
Limited, Inc.                                          Diageo South Africa (Pty) Limited                        61 St. James's Street, London, SW1A 1LZ
Unit 1, 17th Floor, Ore Central 9th Avenue corner      Diageo Southern Africa Markets (Pty) Ltd
31st Street Bonifacio Global City, Taguig City, 1634                                                            Justerini & Brooks, Limited
                                                       United Distillers Southern Africa (Proprietary)          Lakeside Drive, Park Royal, NW10 7HQ, London
Diageo Philippines Inc.                                Limited
Poland                                                                                                          Anna Seed 83 Limited
                                                       South Korea
Przyokopowa Str. 31, PL 01 – 208 Warsaw                                                                         Anyslam Investments
                                                       932-94, Daewol-ro, Daewol-myun, Icheon-shi,
Diageo Polska Sp. z o.o.                               Gyeonggi-do, 17342, Icheon                               Anyslam Limited(i),(viii)
Portugal                                               Diageo Korea Company Limited                             Cellarers (Wines) Limited
Avenida D. Joao II, No 50, piso 2, letra D, Edificio   Spain                                                    Chase Distillery (Holdings) Limited
Mar Vermelho, 1990-095 Lisboa                          Avda de la Victoria 32, Edificio Spirit, 28023, Madrid   Chase Distillery Limited
Diageo Portugal – Distribuidora de Bebidas,            Diageo Espana S.A.                                       DEF Investments Limited
Unipessoal, Lda
                                                       Sweden                                                   Diageo (IH) Limited(ii)
Republic of Ireland
                                                       Gavlegatan street 22/C, 11330, Stockholm                 Diageo CL1 Limited
Nangor House, Western Estate, Nangor Road,
                                                       Diageo Sweden AB                                         Diageo Distribution Company Limited
Dublin, 12
Gilbeys of Ireland Unlimited Company                                                                            Diageo DV Limited
                                                                                                                Diageo Eire Finance & Co
                                                                                                                Diageo Employee Shares Nominees Limited(i),(ii)


 194
194         DIAGEO
         Diageo    Annual
                Annual    Report
                       Report    2021
                              2021
Diageo Finance Australia LLP                       The Bulleit Distillery, Inc.                             DIREF Industria de Bebidas,Lda-Angola JV –
Diageo Finance plc(i)                              Whisky Archive Inc.                                      50.10%
Diageo Finance US Limited                          3411 Silverside Road Tatnall Building,                   Australia

Diageo Financing Turkey Limited                    Ste 104 Wilmington, DE 19810                             Bentleys SA, Level 5, 63 Pirie Street, Adelaide,
                                                   Casamigos Spirits Company LLC                            SA 5000
Diageo Great Britain Limited
                                                   Casamigos Tequila LLC                                    Seedlip Pty – 91.00%
                             (ii)
Diageo Healthcare Limited
                                                   381 Park Avenue South, Suite 1015, New York,             British Virgin Islands
Diageo Holdings Limited(i)
                                                   NY 10016                                                 Commerce House, Wickhams Cay 1, PO Box 3140,
Diageo Holland Investments Limited(ii)                                                                      Road Town, Tortola
                                                   Aviation Gin LLC
Diageo Investment Holdings Limited                                                                          Rum Creation & Products Inc.(iv) – 50.00%
                                                   Davos Brands LLC
Diageo Overseas Holdings Limited(vi)                                                                        Sea Meadow House, Blackburne Highway,
                                                   PDX Spirits LLC
Diageo Scotland Investment Limited                                                                          P.O. Box 116, Road Town, Tortola
                                                   Sombra Holdings LLC
Diageo Share Ownership Trustees Limited(i),(ii)                                                             Palmer Investment Group Limited(xi) – 55.94%
                                                   Uruguay
Diageo Treasury Australia LLP                                                                               USL Holdings Limited(ii),(xi) – 55.94%
                                                   Pasaje Paseo De Las Carretas, 2580, oficina 1301,
Diageo UK Turkey Holdings Limited      (vi)                                                                 Canada
                                                   Montevideo
Diageo UK Turkey Limited                           Diageo Uruguay SA                                        Labatt House, 207 Queen's Quay West, Suite 299,
                                                                                                            Ontario, M5J 1A7, Toronto
Diageo US Holdings                                 Venezuela
                                                                                                            Guinness Canada Limited – 51.00%
Diageo US Investments                              Av Intercomunal Alí Primera, Los Taques,
                                                                                                            China
Grand Metropolitan Capital Company Limited         Estado Falcón
                                                   DV Paraguana, C.A.                                       Chengdu City, Jinjiang District Shuijing Street
Grand Metropolitan Estates Limited                                                                          No21, 610011
Grand Metropolitan International Holdings          Av La Hormiga con Intersección de la Carretera via
                                                                                                            Chengdu Swellfun Marketing Co. Limited -
Limited                                            Payara, C.C. Tierra Buena Acarigua
                                                                                                            63.17 %
Grand Metropolitan Limited                         Mull Trading, C.A.
                                                                                                            No. 9 Quanxing Road, Jinniu District, 610036,
Guinness Limited   (i)                             Av. Circunvalacion Norte (Jose Asunsion Rodriguez)       Chengdu City
                                                   Edificio Distribuidora Metropol,
Guinness Overseas Holdings Limited(i)                                                                       Chengdu Jianghai Trade Development Co.
                                                   Porlamar, Estado Nueva Esparta
Guinness Overseas Limited                                                                                   Limited - 63.17%
                                                                         (v)
                                                   Clyde Trading, C.A.
                                                                                                            Chengdu Tengyuan Liquor Marketing Co.
James Buchanan & Company Limited(ii)               Cupar Trading, C.A.(v)                                   Limited - 63.17%
John Walker and Sons Limited(ii)                   Diageo Nueva Esparta, C.A.(ii)                           Sichuan Swellfun Co., Ltd - 63.17%




                                                                                                                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Tanqueray Gordon and Company, Limited(i)           DV Trading, C.A.(v)                                      No.998, Juanxing Road, Hongguang County,
The Distillers Company (Biochemicals)              Zeta Importers, C.A.(v)                                  610000 Chengdu
Limited(ii)                                                                                                 Chengdu Ruijin Trading Co. Limited - 63.17%
                                                   Ave. San Felipe Urbanización La Castellana,
The Pimm's Drinks Company Limited(ii)
                                                   Edificio Centro Coinasa, Piso 6. Caracas, 1060           Qionglai City, Linqiong Industrial Park Road 318 W,
Tipplesworth Limited                               Diageo Venezuela C.A.                                    611538
UDV (SJ) Holdings Limited(i)                       Calle 1 con calle CaIIe 1 Este, Edificio y Galpon BTP,   Chengdu Swellfun Liquor Co. Limited - 63.17%
UDV (SJ) Limited                                   Zona Industrial La Caracarita, Municipio Los             Room 1101, Building 3, No.68, Aoti Street, Jianye,
United Distillers France Limited(ii)               Guayos, estado Carabobo                                  Nanjing
United States                                      Arran Tradings, C.A.                                     Jiangsu Diageo Spirits Co., Ltd. – 50.00%
1 Estate Annaberg & Shannon Grove, RR1 Box 9400,   DV Release, C.A.                                         Unit 215, Xinxing Building, No. 8, Jia Feng Road,
Kingshill, VI 00850-9703                           Islay Trading, C.A.                                      Wai Gao Qiao Free Trade Zone, Shanghai
Diageo USVI Inc.                                   L4L Trading, C.A.                                        United Spirits (Shanghai) Trading Company
                                                                                                            Ltd(xi) – 55.94%
1209 Orange Street, New Castle, Delaware 19801     Lismore Trading, C.A.
                                                                                                            Cuba
DV Technology LLC                                  Skye Trading, C.A.
                                                                                                            Calle 246 y Quinta Avenida, Complejo Barlovento,
1425 South Kingstown Road, South Kingstown,        Carretera Nacional Acarigua-Barquisimeto Casa            Jaimanitas, Playa, Havana
RI 02879                                           Agropecuaria Las Marias I C.A.S-N Sector los
                                                                                                            Ron Santiago S.A. – 50.00%
Diageo Loyal Spirits Corporation                   Guayones La Miel, Lara.
                                                                                                            Ghana
175 Greenwich Street, Three World Trade Center,    Agropecuarias Las Marias I C.A.
New York, NY 10007                                                                                          Guinness Brewery, Plot 1 Block L, Industrial Area,
                                                   Vietnam
                                                                                                            Kaasi, P. O. Box 1536, Kumasi
ASL Leasing and Investment LLC                     No. 157, 21/8 Street, Phuoc My Ward, Phan Rang –
                                                                                                            Guinness Ghana Breweries Plc – 80.40%
Ballroom Acquisition, Inc.                         Thap Cham City, Ninh Thuan Province
                                                                                                            Guatemala
CT Staffing Services LLC                           Diageo Vietnam
                                                                                                            Calle 8-19 zona 9, Quetzaltenango
Davos Services LLC                                 Zimbabwe
                                                                                                            Anejos De Altura, Sociedad Anonima – 50.00%
Diageo Americas Supply, Inc.                       48 Midlothian Avenue, Eastlea, Harare
                                                                                                            Hong Kong
Diageo Americas, Inc.                              International Distillers – Zimbabwe (Private)
                                                   Limited(ii)                                              Room 06, 13A/F. South Tower,
Diageo Beer Company USA                                                                                     World Finance Centre, Harbour City,
                                                   SUBSIDIARIES WHERE THE EFFECTIVE
Diageo Inc.                                                                                                 17 Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon
                                                   INTEREST IS LESS THAN 100%
Diageo Investment Corporation                                                                               Diageo International Spirits Company
                                                   Angola                                                   Limited(iii) - 50.00%
Diageo Latin America & Caribbean LLC
                                                   Rua Dom Eduardo Andre Muaca, S/No, LOTE C4,              India
Diageo North America Foundation, Inc.              Luanda
                                                                                                            Roxana Towers, Ground Floor,
Diageo North America, Inc.(v)
                                                                                                            M.No.7-1-24/1/RT/G1&G2, Greenlands, Begumpet,
Liquor Investment LLC                                                                                       Hyderabad 500 016
Soh Spirits LLC                                                                                             Sovereign Distilleries Limited(xi) – 55.94%
Stirrings LLC



 DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                              Diageo Annual Report 2021               195
                                                                                                                                                                195
UB Tower, 24 Vittal Mallya Road, Bangalore, 560001   The Netherlands                                    Stauning Whisky Holding ApS – 40.00%
Royal Challengers Sports Private Limited(xi) –       Molenwerf 12, 1014 BG, Amsterdam                   France
55.94%                                               Ketel One Worldwide B.V.(iv) – 50.00%              24/32 rue Jean Goujon – 75008 Paris
United Spirits Limited(xi) – 55.94%                  Uganda                                             Moët Hennessy International – 34.00%
Pioneer Distilleries Limited(xi) - 41.95%            Tusker House, Ruaraka, P.O. Box 30161, 00100       Moët Hennessy, SAS – 34.00%
Indonesia                                            Nairobi GPO                                        Germany
Jl. Raya Kaba-Kaba No. 88, Banjar Carik Padang,      East African Maltings (Uganda) Limited(ii) –       Mozartstr. 7, 53115 Bonn
Desa Nyambu, Kecamatan Kediri, Kabupaten             50.03%
Tabanan, Provinsi Bali                                                                                  Rheinland Distillers GmbH – 20.00%
                                                     Plot 3-17 Port Bell Road, Luzira, Kampala,
PT Langgeng Kreasi Jayaprima – 80.00%                P.O. Box 7130                                      Hungary
Kenya                                                Uganda Breweries Limited – 49.03%                  Soroksari ut 26, Budapest, 1095
Tusker House, Ruaraka, P.O. Box 30161, 00100         Plot No 1 Malt Road,                               Zwack Unicum plc – 26.00%
Nairobi GPO                                          Portbell Luzira P.O. Box 3221 Kampala              India
Allsopp (East Africa) Limited(ii) – 48.52%           International Distillers Uganda Limited –          No.34, 1St Floor, B.Ramachandra Adithanar Road,
EABL International Limited(ii) – 50.03%              50.03%                                             Gandhi Nagar, Adyar Chennai Chennai Tn 600020
                                                     United Kingdom                                     Hip Bar Private Limited – 14.54%
East African Breweries Limited – 50.03%
                                                     11 Lochside Place, Edinburgh, EH12 9HA             Italy
East African Maltings Limited – 50.03%
                                                     Lochside MWS Limited Partnership                   Via Tortona 15, 20144, Milan
Kenya Breweries Limited – 50.03%
                            (ii)                     McDowell & Co. (Scotland) Ltd(xi) – 55.94%         Niococktails S.R.L. – 20.00%
Tembo Properties Limited – 50.03%
                                                     Lakeside Drive, Park Royal, NW10 7HQ, London       Spain
Tusker Football Club – 50.03%
                                                     Diageo Pension Trust Limited(i),(ix) – 55.00%      Calle General Vara del Rey 5, 1 Piso, 26003 Logroño,
UDV Kenya Limited – 76.85%
                                                     Lakeside MWS Limited Liability Partnership         La Rioja
Lebanon
                                                     Seedlip Ltd – 91.00%                               El Bandarra, S.L. – 25.00%
Beirut Symposium Bldg, 10th floor, Beirut,
P.O. Box 113-5250                                    United Spirits (Great Britain) Limited(xi) –       Carretera La Cuesta Taco Km 0.5. La Laguna,
                                                     55.94%                                             Santa Crus De Teneriffe
Diageo – Lebanon SAL – 84.99%
                                                     United Spirits (UK) Limited(xi) – 55.94%           Compania Cervecera De Canarias, S.A. –
Mauritius                                                                                               20.00%
                                                                                      (xi)
                                                     USL Holdings (UK) Limited               – 55.94%
IFS Court, Twenty Eight, Cybercity, Ebene                                                               Tomino (Ponteverda), 36750, Parroquia de Goian,
                                                     Shaw Wallace Overseas Limited(xi) – 55.94%
Asian Opportunities and Investment                                                                      Barrio de Centinela, 1
Limited(ii),(xi) – 55.94%                            United States                                      Valdomino Premium Spirits, S.L. – 20.00%
Nigeria                                              175 Greenwich Street, Three World Trade Center,    The Netherlands
24, Oba Akran Avenue Ikeja, Lagos                    New York, NY 10007
                                                                               (ii)                     Ceresstraat 1, 4811 CA Breda
                                                     California Simulcast Inc. – 80.00%
Guinness Nigeria plc – 58.02%                                                                           Canbrew B.V.(iv) – 28.16%
                                                     D/CE Holdings LLC – 50.00%
North Cyprus                                                                                            United Kingdom
                                                     Seedlip Inc. – 91.00%
Sehit Mehmet Cetin Sokak, Kucuk Sanayi Bölgesi 4,                                                       20 King Street Prince Albert House
99450, Gazi Magusa                                   2950 North Loop W Ste 1200 Houston, TX
                                                                                                        Maidenhead SL6 1DT
Turk Alkollu Icki ve Sarap Endustri Ltd. –           77092-8808
                                                                                                        El Rayo Limited – 20.00%
66.00%                                               Far West Spirits LLC – 99.00%
                                                                                                        28 Vale Road, Claygate, Esher, KT10 0NJ
Rwanda                                               Venezuela
                                                                                                        London Botanical Drinks Limited – 20.00%
Kimihurura, Gasabo, Umujyi was Kigali,               Ave. San Felipe Urbanización La Castellana,
7130 Port Bell Luzira                                Edificio Centro Coinasa, Piso 6. Caracas, 1060     354 Castlehill, The Royal Mile, Edinburgh, EH1 2NE
East African Breweries Rwanda Limited –              Industrias Pampero C.A. – 96.80%                   The Scotch Whisky Heritage Centre Limited(vi) –
50.03%                                                                                                  29.00%
                                                     Vietnam
Seychelles                                                                                              71-75 Shelton Street, Covent Garden, London,
                                                     621 Pham Van Chi Street, District 6,
                                                                                                        WC2H 9JQ
O’Brien House, 273 Le Rocher, Mahe                   Ho Chi Minh City
                                                                                                        Leaf Arbor Limited – 20.00%
Seychelles Breweries Limited – 54.40%                Vietnam Spirits and Wine LTD – 55.00%
                                                                                                        Ballindalloch Castle, Ballindalloch,
Singapore                                                                                               Banffshire AB37 9AX
120 Robinson Road, 08-01, Singapore 068913           ASSOCIATES                                         Ballindalloch Distillery LLP – 33.33%
United Spirits Singapore Pte. Ltd.(xi) – 55.94%      Australia                                          Cambridge Distillery, 20 High Street, Grantchester,
South Sudan                                          50 Bertie Street, Port Melbourne, Victoria 3207    Cambridge CB3 9NF
Southern Sudan African Park Hotel, Juba Town         New World Whisky Distillery PTY Limited –          Cambridge Distillery Limited – 33.00%
East African Beverages (Southern Sudan)              30.00%                                             Central Working, Eccleston Yards,
Limited(ii) – 49.53%                                 Cabel Partners, Level 5, 1 James Place,            25 Eccleston Place, SW1W 9NF
Tanzania                                             North Sydney, NSW 2060                             Pulpex Limited – 42.13%
2nd Floor, East Wing TDFL Building, Ohio street.     Mr Black Spirits Pty Ltd. – 45.00%                 Harbourside Brewery, Tretoil Farm, Bodmin,
P.O. Box 32840 Dar es Salaam                         Curaçao                                            Cornwall, PL30 5BA
EABL (Tanzania) Limited(ii) – 50.03%                 Citco Curacao, Schottegatweg Oost 44, Willemstad   The Southwest Fermentorium Limited –
Plot 117/2, Access Road,                             International Brand Developers N.V.(iii) –         25.00%
Nelson Mandela Expressway,                           25.00%                                             Here 470 Bath Road, Arnos Vale, Bristol, BS4 3AP
Chang'Ombe Industrial Area,                          Denmark                                            Caleno Drinks Ltd – 20.00%
P.O. Box 41080, Dar es Salaam
                                                     Stauningvej 38, 6900 Skjern
Serengeti Breweries Limited(iii) – 42.50%




 196
196        DIAGEO
        Diageo    Annual
               Annual    Report
                      Report    2021
                             2021
United States                                      JOINT OPERATIONS(x)                                Singapore
1045 Dodge Lane, Fallon, NV 89406                  China                                              83 Clemenceau Ave, 09-01 UE Square, 239920
Nevada Spirits DE, LLC – 25.00%                    804A, 488 Middle Yincheng Road, Shanghai,          Moët Hennessy Diageo Singapore Pte. Ltd(xii) –
1222 SE Gideon Street, Portland, OR 97202          Pilot Free Trade Zone                              67.00%
Naam Som LLC – 30.00%                              Moët Hennessy Diageo (China) Co Ltd(xii) –         Thailand
                                                   67.00%                                             No. 944, Mitrtown Office Tower, 12th Floor, Rama 4
1935 W. Irving Park Chicago, IL 60613
                                                   Costa Rica                                         Road, Wangmai, Pathumwan, Bangkok, 10330
Ritual Beverage Company LLC – 30.8%
                                                   Llorente de Tibás,                                 Diageo Moët Hennessy (Thailand) Limited(xiii) –
2459 E 8th Street, Los Angeles, California 90021   1Km este del Periódico La Nación                   63.02%
Modern Spirits LLC – 20.00%                        HA&COM Bebidas del Mundo, SA – 50.00%              The Netherlands
517 West 39th Street, Austin, TX 78751             Dominican Republic                                 Molenwerf 12, 1014 BG, Amsterdam
Gourmet Grade LLC – 20.23%                         Independencia Street, No. 129, Santiago            Diageo-Moët Hennessy B.V.(v) – 67.00%
575 Grand Street, E1507 New York, NY 10002         Gist Dominicana S.A. – 60.25%                      Ukraine
Grand Street Beverages LLC – 38.89%                Salvador Sturla Street, Ensanche Naco,             Chervonoarmiyska Street, bld. 9/2, apt. 70, Kyiv
65 SE Washington Street, Portland, OR 97214        Santo Domingo                                      Seagram Ukraine Limited(ii) – 60.90%
House Spirits Distillery LLC - 29.85%              Seagram Dominicana S.A. – 60.83%                   United Kingdom
735 10th Street, Fortuna, CA 95540                 Segunda (2da) Street, Los Platanitos, Santiago     Persimmon House, Fulford, York YO19 4FE
Redwood Spirits LLC – 20.00%                       Industria de Licores Internationales S.A. –        Trafalgar Metropolitan Homes Limited –
8601296, TT Administrative Services LLC,           59.71%                                             50.00%
888 SW Fifth Avenue, Ste 1600, Portland, Oregon,   France                                             (i) Directly owned by Diageo plc
97204                                              105 Boulevard de la Mission Marchand,              (ii) Dormant company.
Wilderton LLC – 30.56%                             Courbevoie, 92400                                  (iii) Ownership held in class of A shares.
                                                                                                      (iv) Ownership held in class of B shares.
545 Johnson Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11237             Moët Hennessy Diageo SAS – 0.05%                   (v) Ownership held in class of A shares and B shares.
Analog Liquid LLC – 27.78%                         Hong Kong                                          (vi) Ownership held in preference shares.
                                                                                                      (vii) Ownership held in equity shares and preference shares.
Vietnam                                            Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen's Road East   (viii) 99.11% owned by Diageo plc.
94 Lo Duc Street, Pham Dinh Ho Ward,               Moët Hennessy Diageo Hong Kong Limited(xii) –      (ix) Companies controlled by the group based on
                                                   67.00%                                                    management's assessments.
Hai Ba Trung District, Ha Noi City                                                                    (x) Diageo shares joint control over these entities under
Hanoi Liquor and Beverage Joint Stock              Japan                                                     shareholder's agreements, and Diageo's rights to profit,
Company (Halico) – 45.57%                          13F Jimbocho Mitsui Building, 1-105                       assets and liabilities of the companies are dependent




                                                                                                                                                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             on the performance of the group's brands rather the
                                                   Kandajimbocho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
                                                                                                             effective equity ownership of the companies.
JOINT VENTURES                                     Moët Hennessy Diageo K.K.(xii) – 67.00%            (xi) Based on 55.94% equity investment in USL that
                                                   Macau                                                     excludes 2.38% owned by the USL Benefit Trust.
United Kingdom                                                                                        (xii) Operation is managed by Moët Hennessey.
9 Wheatfield Road, EDINBURGH, EH11 2PX             Avenida Comercial de Macau, nos 251ª-301, AIA      (xiii) Operation is managed by Diageo.
                                                   Tower, Level 20, Macau
Lothian Distillers Limited – 50.00%
                                                   Moët Hennessy Diageo Macau Limited(xii) –
The North British Distillery Company Limited –
                                                   67.00%
50.00%
                                                   Malaysia
                                                   Unit 30-01, Level 30, Tower A, Vertical Business
                                                   Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan
                                                   Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur
                                                   Moët Hennessy Diageo Malaysia Sdn Bhd.(xii) –
                                                   67.00%




 DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                         Diageo Annual Report 2021                   197
                                                                                                                                                               197
Unaudited financial information
1. Five years financial information
The following tables present selected consolidated financial data for Diageo for the five years ended 30 June 2021 and as at the respective year ends.
The data presented below for the five years ended 30 June 2021 and the respective year ends has been derived from Diageo’s consolidated financial
statements.
                                                                                                                  Year ended 30 June
                                                                                          2021           2020                 2019        2018        2017
Income statement data                                                                  £ million      £ million            £ million   £ million   £ million

Sales                                                                                 19,153         17,697                19,294      18,432      18,114
Excise duties                                                                          (6,420)        (5,945)               (6,427)    (6,269)     (6,064)
Net sales                                                                             12,733         11,752                12,867      12,163      12,050
Cost of sales                                                                          (5,038)        (4,654)               (4,866)    (4,634)     (4,680)
Gross profit                                                                            7,695          7,098                8,001       7,529       7,370
Marketing                                                                              (2,163)        (1,841)               (2,042)    (1,882)     (1,798)
Other operating items                                                                  (1,801)        (3,120)               (1,917)    (1,956)     (2,013)
Operating profit                                                                        3,731          2,137                4,042       3,691       3,559
Non-operating items                                                                         14            (23)                144           —           20
Net interest and other finance charges                                                   (373)          (353)                (263)       (260)       (329)
Share of after tax results of associates and joint ventures                               334            282                  312         309         309
Profit before taxation                                                                  3,706          2,043                4,235       3,740       3,559
Tax before exceptional items                                                             (823)          (743)                (859)       (799)       (736)
Exceptional taxation                                                                       (84)          154                   (39)       203             4
Profit from continuing operations                                                       2,799          1,454                3,337       3,144       2,827
Discontinued operations                                                                     —              —                    —           —          (55)
Profit for the year                                                                     2,799          1,454                3,337       3,144       2,772

Weighted average number of shares                                                        million        million              million     million     million

Shares in issue excluding own shares                                                    2,337          2,346                2,418       2,484       2,512
Dilutive potential ordinary shares                                                            8              8                  10          11          11
                                                                                        2,345          2,354                2,428       2,495       2,523

Per share data                                                                            pence          pence                pence       pence       pence

Dividend per share                                                                      72.55          69.88                68.57       65.30       62.20


Basic earnings per share
Continuing operations - before exceptional items                                        117.5          109.4                130.8       118.6       108.5
Continuing operations - after exceptional items                                         113.8            60.1               130.7       121.7       108.2
Discontinued operations                                                                     —              —                    —           —         (2.2)
                                                                                        113.8            60.1               130.7       121.7       106.0
Diluted earnings per share
Continuing operations                                                                   113.4            59.9               130.1       121.1       107.7
Discontinued operations                                                                     —              —                    —           —         (2.2)
                                                                                        113.4            59.9               130.1       121.1       105.5




 198
198         DIAGEO
         Diageo    Annual
                Annual    Report
                       Report    2021
                              2021
                                                                                                                   As at 30 June
                                                                                            2021          2020               2019          2018         2017
 Balance sheet data                                                                     £ million      £ million          £ million     £ million    £ million
 Non-current assets                                                                     20,508         21,837             21,923        21,024      20,196
 Current assets                                                                         11,445         11,471              9,373         8,691        8,652
 Total assets                                                                           31,953         33,308            31,296         29,715      28,848
 Current liabilities                                                                     (7,142)        (6,496)           (7,003)       (6,360)      (6,660)
 Non-current liabilities                                                               (16,380)        (18,372)          (14,137)      (11,642)     (10,160)
 Total liabilities                                                                     (23,522)        (24,868)          (21,140)      (18,002)     (16,820)
 Net assets                                                                               8,431         8,440            10,156         11,713      12,028
 Share capital                                                                              741           742                753           780          797
 Share premium                                                                            1,351         1,351              1,350         1,349        1,348
 Other reserves                                                                           1,621         2,272              2,372         2,133        2,693
 Retained earnings                                                                        3,184         2,407              3,886         5,686        5,475
 Equity attributable to equity shareholders of the parent company                         6,897         6,772              8,361         9,948      10,313
 Non-controlling interests                                                                1,534         1,668              1,795         1,765        1,715
 Total equity                                                                             8,431         8,440            10,156         11,713      12,028
 Net borrowings                                                                         12,109         (13,246)          (11,277)       (9,091)      (7,892)

2. Contractual obligations and other commitments
                                                                                                             Payments due by period
                                                                                        Less than                                     More than
                                                                                           1 year     1-3 years         3-5 years        5 years       Total
                                                                                         £ million    £ million         £ million      £ million    £ million
 As at 30 June 2021
 Long-term debt obligations                                                               1,649         2,590             2,788         7,498       14,525
 Interest obligations                                                                       390           552                467        1,375        2,784
 Credit support obligations                                                                   98            —                  —             —            98
 Purchase obligations                                                                     1,303           463                  94             6      1,866




                                                                                                                                                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 Commitments for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets                             10             1                 —             —            11
 Post employment benefits(i)                                                                  31            61                 38            38         168
 Provisions and other non-current payables                                                  140           150                220           242          752
 Lease obligations                                                                            91          104                  53          169          417
 Capital commitments                                                                        251             12                 —             —          263
 Other financial liabilities                                                                149             —                  —             —          149
 Total                                                                                    4,112         3,933             3,660         9,328       21,033
(i)    For further information see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.

Long-term debt obligations comprise the principal amount of borrowings (excluding foreign currency swaps) with an original maturity of greater
than one year. Interest obligations comprise interest payable on these borrowings and are calculated based on the fixed amounts payable and where
the interest rate is variable on an estimate of what the variable rates will be in the future. Credit support obligations represent liabilities to
counterparty banks in respect of cash received as collateral under credit support agreements. Purchase obligations include various long-term
purchase contracts entered into for the supply of raw materials, principally bulk whisk(e)y, cereals, cans and glass bottles. Contracts are used to
guarantee the supply of raw materials over the long term and to enable a more accurate prediction of costs of raw materials in the future. For certain
provisions discounted numbers are disclosed.
    Corporate tax payable of £146 million and deferred tax liabilities are not included in the table above, as the ultimate timing of settlement cannot
be reasonably estimated.
    Management believe that it has sufficient funding for its working capital requirements.
    Post employment benefits contractual obligations comprise committed deficit contributions but exclude future service cost contributions.
3. Off-balance sheet arrangements
Neither Diageo plc nor any member of the Diageo group has any off-balance sheet financing arrangements that currently have or are reasonably
likely to have a material future effect on the group’s financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditure or capital resources.




      DIAGEO Annual Report 2021                                                                                        Diageo Annual Report 2021        199
                                                                                                                                                        199
Cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements
This document contains ‘forward-looking’ statements. These statements          – the consequences of any failure of internal controls, including those
can be identified by the fact that they do not relate only to historical or      affecting compliance with existing or new accounting and/or
current facts. In particular, forward-looking statements include all             disclosure requirements;
statements that express forecasts, expectations, plans, outlook,               – the consequences of any failure by Diageo or its associates to comply
objectives and projections with respect to future matters, including the
                                                                                 with anti-corruption, sanctions, trade restrictions or similar laws and
statements set forth in the ‘Fiscal 22 Outlook’ section and any other
statements with respect to trends in results of operations, margins,             regulations, or any failure of Diageo’s related internal policies and
growth rates, overall market trends, the impact of changes in interest or        procedures to comply with applicable law or regulation;
exchange rates, the availability or cost of financing to Diageo, anticipated   – cyber-attacks or any other disruptions to core business operations
cost savings or synergies, expected investments, the completion of any           including manufacturing and supply, business service centres and/or
strategic transactions or restructuring programmes, anticipated tax rates,       information systems;
changes in the international tax environment, expected cash payments,          – contamination, counterfeiting or other circumstances which could
outcomes of litigation or regulatory enquiries, anticipated changes in the       harm the level of customer support for Diageo’s brands and adversely
value of assets and liabilities related to pension schemes and general
                                                                                 impact its sales;
economic conditions. By their nature, forward-looking statements
involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend          – Diageo’s ability to maintain its brand image and corporate reputation
on circumstances that will occur in the future. There are a number of            or to adapt to a changing media environment;
factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ             – increased competitive product and pricing pressures, including as a
materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking              result of actions by increasingly consolidated competitors or increased
statements, including factors that are outside Diageo’s control.                 competition from regional and local companies, that could negatively
    Factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ           impact Diageo’s market share, distribution network, costs and/or
materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking                    pricing;
statements include, but are not limited to:
                                                                               – increased costs for, or shortages of, talent, as well as labour strikes or
– economic, political, social or other developments in countries and             disputes;
  markets in which Diageo operates (including as a result of the               – Diageo’s ability to derive the expected benefits from its business
  Covid-19 pandemic), which may contribute to a reduction in demand              strategies, including in relation to expansion in emerging markets,
  for Diageo’s products, adverse impacts on Diageo’s customer, supplier          acquisitions and/or disposals, cost savings and productivity initiatives
  and/or financial counterparties, or the imposition of import,                  or inventory forecasting;
  investment or currency restrictions (including the potential impact of       – fluctuations in exchange rates and/or interest rates, which may impact
  any global, regional or local trade wars or any tariffs, duties or other       the value of transactions and assets denominated in other currencies,
  restrictions or barriers imposed on the import or export of goods              increase Diageo’s financing costs or otherwise adversely affect
  between territories, including but not limited to, imports into and            Diageo’s financial results;
  exports from the United States and the European Union and/or the
                                                                               – movements in the value of the assets and liabilities related to Diageo’s
  United Kingdom, as well as the United Kingdom’s recent departure
                                                                                 pension plans;
  from the European Union);
                                                                               – Diageo’s ability to renew supply, distribution, manufacturing or licence
– the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic, or any other global or regional
                                                                                 agreements (or related rights) and licences on favourable terms, or at
  public health threats, on Diageo’s business, financial condition, cash
                                                                                 all, when they expire; or
  flows and results of operation;
                                                                               – any failure by Diageo to protect its intellectual property rights.
– the effects of climate change, or legal, regulatory or market measures
  intended to address climate change, on Diageo’s business or                  All oral and written forward-looking statements made on or after the
  operations, including on the cost and supply of water;                       date of this document and attributable to Diageo are expressly qualified
– changes in consumer preferences and tastes, including as a result of         in their entirety by the above cautionary factors and by the ‘Risk Factors’
  disruptive market forces, changes in demographics, evolving social           included in Diageo’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 30
  trends (including any shifts in consumer tastes towards at-home              June 2020 filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
  occasions, premiumisation, small-batch craft alcohol, lower or no            Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of Diageo speak
  alcohol, or other alternative products), changes in travel, holiday or       only as of the date they are made. Diageo does not undertake to update
  leisure activity patterns, weather conditions, health concerns,              forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in Diageo’s
  pandemics and/or a downturn in economic conditions;                          expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions or
– changes in the domestic and international tax environment, including         circumstances on which any such statement is based. The reader should,
  as a result of the OECD Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Initiative and      however, consult any additional disclosures that Diageo may make in any
  EU anti-tax abuse measures, leading to uncertainty around the                documents which it publishes and/or files with the SEC. All readers,
  application of existing and new tax laws and unexpected tax                  wherever located, should take note of these disclosures.
  exposures;                                                                        This document includes names of Diageo’s products, which
                                                                               constitute trademarks or trade names which Diageo owns, or which
– changes in the cost of production, including as a result of increases in
                                                                               others own and license to Diageo for use. All rights reserved. © Diageo
  the cost of commodities, labour and/or energy or as a result of
                                                                               plc 2021.
  inflation;
                                                                                    The information in this document does not constitute an offer to sell
– any litigation or other similar proceedings (including with tax,             or an invitation to buy shares in Diageo plc or an invitation or
  customs, competition, environmental, anti-corruption or other                inducement to engage in any other investment activities.
  regulatory authorities), including litigation directed at the beverage            This document may include information about Diageo’s target debt
  alcohol industry generally or at Diageo in particular;                       rating. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold
– legal and regulatory developments, including changes in regulations          securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by
  relating to production, distribution, importation, marketing,                the assigning rating organisation. Each rating should be evaluated
  advertising, sales, pricing, labelling, packaging, product liability,        independently of any other rating.
  antitrust, labour, compliance and control systems, environmental                  Past performance cannot be relied upon as a guide to future
  issues and/or data privacy;                                                  performance.




 200
200        DIAGEO
        Diageo    Annual
               Annual    Report
                      Report    2021
                             2021
Additional information for shareholders
Annual General Meeting (AGM)                                                 Dividend payments
The AGM will be held at etc.venues St Paul’s, 200 Aldersgate,                Direct payment into bank account
London EC1A 4HD at 2.30 pm on Thursday, 30 September 2021.                   Shareholders can have their cash dividend paid directly into their
                                                                             UK bank account on the dividend payment date. To register UK bank
Documents on display                                                         account details shareholders can register for an online account at
The Annual Report on Form 20-F and any other documents filed by              www.diageoregistrars.com or call the Registrar, on +44 (0)371 277 1010*
the company with the US Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) may             to request the relevant application form. For shareholders outside the
be inspected at the SEC’s office of Investor Education and Advocacy          UK, Link Group (a trading name of Link Market Services Limited and Link
located at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549-0213, USA. Please          Market Services Trustees Limited) may be able to provide you with a range
call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public         of services relating to your shareholding. To learn more about the services
reference rooms and their copy charges. Filings with the SEC are also        available to you please visit the shareholder portal at www.signalshares.com
available to the public from commercial document retrieval services,         or call +44 (0)371 277 1010*.
and from the website maintained by the US Securities and Exchange
Commission at www.sec.gov.                                                   Dividend Reinvestment Plan
                                                                             A Dividend Reinvestment Plan is offered by the Registrar, Link Market
External limited assurance of selected ESG performance data                  Services Trustees Limited, to give shareholders the opportunity
We engaged PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to perform an independent limited      to build up their shareholding in Diageo by using their cash
assurance engagement, reporting to the Board of Directors of Diageo plc,     dividends to purchase additional Diageo shares. To join the Dividend
over selected environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance data    Reinvestment Plan, shareholders can call the Registrar, Link Group
marked with the symbol Δ within the Strategic Report of the Annual           on +44 (0)371 277 1010* to request the relevant application form.
Report 2021, and the ESG Reporting Index PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP’s
engagement was performed in accordance with International Standard           Useful contacts
on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) ‘Assurance Engagements               The Registrar/Shareholder queries
other than Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information’ and, in   Link Group acts as the company’s registrar and can be contacted
respect of the greenhouse gas emissions, in accordance with International    as follows:
Standard on Assurance Engagements 3410 ‘Assurance engagements
on greenhouse gas statements’, issued by the International Auditing and      By email: Diageo@linkgroup.co.uk
Assurance Standards Board. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP’s full assurance       By telephone: +44 (0) 371 277 1010*
opinion is available in the ESG Reporting Index to the Annual Report 2021,   In writing: Registrars – Link Group, Diageo Registrar, 10th Floor,
available at https://www.diageo.com/en/society-2030/doing-business-          Central Square, 29 Wellington Street, Leeds, LS1 1DL.
the-right-way/our-governance-and-reporting/our-reporting. A summary
of the work they performed is included in their assurance opinion. It is     *   Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside
                                                                                 the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are open
important to read the selected ESG performance data contained within             08:00 to 17:30, Monday to Friday, excluding public holidays in England and Wales.
this report in the context of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP’s limited
assurance opinion and our reporting methodologies. Our reporting             ADR administration
methodologies are included in the ESG Reporting Index, available at          Citibank Shareholder Services acts as the company’s ADR administrator
https://www.diageo.com/en/society-2030/doing-business-the-right-way/         and can be contacted as follows:
our-governance-and-reporting/our-reporting.
                                                                             By email: citibank@shareholders-online.com
Warning to shareholders – share fraud                                        By telephone: +1 866 253 0933/ (International) +1 781 575 4555*
Please beware of the share fraud of ‘boiler room’ scams, where               In writing: Citibank Shareholder Services. PO Box 43077,




                                                                                                                                                                               ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
shareholders are called ‘out of the blue’ by fraudsters (sometimes           Providence, RI 02940-3077
claiming to represent Diageo) attempting to obtain money or property
dishonestly. Further information on boiler room scams can be found           *   Lines are open Monday to Friday 8:30 to 18:00 EST
on the Financial Conduct Authority’s website (https://www.fca.org.uk/
scamsmart/share-bond-boiler-room-scams) but in short, if in doubt,           General Counsel and Company Secretary
take proper professional advice before making any investment decision.       Siobhán Moriarty
                                                                             The.cosec@diageo.com
Electronic communications
Shareholders can register for an account to manage their                     Investor Relations
shareholding online, including being able to: check the number               investor.relations@diageo.com
of shares they own and the value of their shareholding; register for
electronic communications; update their personal details; provide a
dividend mandate instruction; access dividend confirmations; and use
the online share dealing service. To register for an account, shareholders
should visit www.diageoregistrars.com




                                                                             Printed on Vision Superior, an FSC® certified mixed sources paper.
                                                                             Printed by Paragon Customer Communications, an FSC® and ISO 140001
                                                                             certified company.

                                                                             Designed and produced by Black Sun Plc



                                                                                                                            Diageo Annual Report 2021                    201
Diageo plc
Lakeside Drive
Park Royal
London
NW10 7HQ
United Kingdom
T: +44 (0) 20 8978 6000
www.diageo.com
Registered in England
No. 23307




© 2021 Diageo plc. All rights reserved. All brands mentioned in this Annual Report are trademarks and are registered and/or otherwise protected in accordance with applicable law.
