Endeavour Mining plc TSX:EDV
FQ1 2026 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 30, 2026 12:30 PM GMT
ENDEAVOUR MINING PLC FQ1 2026 EARNINGS CALL - PRELIMINARY COPY APR 30, 2026




Call Participants
EXECUTIVES

Djaria Traore
Executive VP, Operations & ESG

Guy F. Young
Executive VP & CFO

Ian David Cockerill
CEO & Executive Director

Jack Garman
Vice President of Investor Relations

Sonia Scarselli
Executive VP, Exploration and Growth              Mohamed Sidibe
                                                  National Bank Financial, Inc., Research
                                                  Division
Unknown Executive
                                                  Ovais Habib
ANALYSTS                                          Scotiabank Global Banking and
                                                  Markets, Research Division
Alain Gabriel
Morgan Stanley, Research Division                 Richard James Hatch
                                                  Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG,
Amos Charles Fletcher                             Research Division
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Anita Soni
CIBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Carey MacRury
Canaccord Genuity Corp., Research
Division

Felicity Robson
BofA Securities, Research Division

Frederic Bolton
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                       3
ENDEAVOUR MINING PLC FQ1 2026 EARNINGS CALL - PRELIMINARY COPY APR 30, 2026




Presentation
Operator
Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Endeavour Mining's First Quarter 2026 Results Webcast. [Operator
Instructions] Today's conference call is being recorded, and a transcript of the call will be available on Endeavour's website tomorrow.
I'd now like to hand the call over to Endeavour's Vice President of Investor Relations, Jack Garman. Please go ahead, sir.

Jack Garman
Vice President of Investor Relations
Hello, everyone, and welcome to Endeavour's Q1 2026 Results Webcast. Before we start, please note our usual disclaimer. On the
call today, I'm joined by Ian Cockerill, Chief Executive Officer; Guy Young, Chief Financial Officer; Djaria Traore, Executive Vice
President of Operations and ESG; and Sonia Scarselli, Executive Vice President of Growth and Exploration.

Today's call will follow our usual format. Ian will first go through the highlights of the quarter. Guy will present the financials, and
Djaria will walk you through our operating results by mine, before handing back to Ian for his closing remarks. We'll then open the
line up for questions. I'll now hand over to Ian.

Ian David Cockerill
CEO & Executive Director
Thanks, Jack, and welcome to everyone joining us on the call today. Now Q1 2026 was a record quarter for Endeavour with a strong
operational performance and elevated gold price, underpinning a very strong financial results. Production of 282,000 ounces was
in line with our plan, and we expect to see progressive improvements as we move through the year as stripping activity opens up
progressively higher grade ore through to Q4 later on this year, while all-in sustaining costs on a royalty adjusted basis also came in
towards the lower end of our guidance in the quarter.

This performance translated into a record free cash flow of $613 million, and that's equivalent to $2,176 per ounce produced. That's
a 29% increase over the prior quarter. Through the year, we'll continue to focus on our margins and maximizing free cash flow from
every ounce that we produce. This free cash generation transformed our balance sheet. We moved from net debt of $158 million in the
previous quarter to now a net cash position of $405 million at the end of this quarter, a $563 million swing in just 3-months. Given the
strong balance sheet position and our outlook, we're going to look to increase our shareholder returns through supplemental dividends
within our H1 2026 dividend announcement and through continued opportunistic share buybacks.

At prevailing gold prices, we expect supplemental returns to at least double -- to be at least double our $1 billion minimum
commitment over the next 3-years. On organic growth, as we announced last week, the Assafou DFS confirms a high-quality, long-
life asset that has very strong project economics. Early works are underway, and we're targeting a final investment decision before
the end of this year. On the exploration front, we're accelerating resource definition of our Vindaloo Deep target, and we expect to
deliver maiden resource in the first half of this year. Simultaneously, our new ventures exploration program continues to expand our
exploration footprint into the most prospective Tier 1 gold provinces with the latest strategic investment into Guyana. I'll now take you
through each of these areas in a bit more detail.

On Slide 7, you see production was 282,000 ounces, down from Q4 due to planned lower grades mined and processed, but in line with
the mine sequence. All-in sustaining costs were higher in the quarter, largely due to higher gold price-driven royalty costs with some
small impacts from the stripping activity and the higher power costs at Mana. But despite higher costs, our all-in sustaining margin of
$2,976 an ounce was $751 per ounce higher than in Q4 as margins continue to consistently expand alongside the higher gold prices.

On Slide 8 and the full year guidance, you can see group production and all-in sustaining costs remain on track to achieve guidance.
The Q1 production of 282,000 ounces represents approximately 26% of the low end of our guidance range, and we're expecting higher
production in the second half of the year, peaking in Q4 as per our planned mining sequence.

On costs, while first quarter all-in sustaining costs of $1,834 an ounce sits slightly above the guidance range, this reflects higher
royalty costs as a direct result of the rising gold price. On a gold price adjusted basis back to our budgeted level, underlying all-in
sustaining costs of $642 an ounce were in the lower half of the guidance range. And let's say that's based on our $3,000 gold price.

On capital, we expect both sustaining and nonsustaining capital to be weighted towards the first 3-quarters of the year, aligned with
our stripping program. While growth capital of $500 million to $100 million is now expected to support early works at Assafou,

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                                            4
ENDEAVOUR MINING PLC FQ1 2026 EARNINGS CALL - PRELIMINARY COPY APR 30, 2026



mostly in the second half of the year. So overall, we're confident in our full year outlook and expect to see improvements throughout
the year.

Free cash flow reached a record $613 million in Q1, up 29% from Q4 and equivalent to $2,176 per ounce of gold produced. But we
remain focused on maximizing free cash flow for every ounce that we produce, and as operational performance improves throughout
the year, we expect to at least partially offset some of the impact of higher taxes in Q2 and Q3. The strong free cash flow has enabled
us to rapidly de-leverage the balance sheet in Q1, reducing net debt by $563 million and moving to a net cash position of $405 million
at quarter end. And this provides the financial flexibility to deliver our world-class organic growth project Assafou, whilst we pay out
sector-leading returns to shareholders.

As you know, our leverage target through the cycle is less than 0.5x net debt to adjusted EBITDA. That remains the case, but we
do not intend to maintain a very large net cash position either. So we'll stick to our capital allocation model and look to increase
shareholder returns while prioritizing Assafou's development as well as our exploration program.

On Slide 11, our shareholder returns program is quite clear. Between '26 and '28, we're committed to return at least $1 billion to
shareholders and we will maintain this commitment down to a gold price of $3,000 an ounce. And at prevailing gold prices, we
could return more than double that minimum commitment to shareholders. Given the strong gold prices so far this year, we're on
track to return a significant supplemental dividend when we announce our H1 '26 dividend in our Q2 results. So far this year, we've
already completed $54 million of share buybacks, and we'll continue opportunistically and make up a significant component of our
supplemental returns.

On to our sector-leading organic growth on Slide 12. Now last week, we published the results of our definitive feasibility study,
strengthening our confidence in the Assafou project and its potential to transform our portfolio, driving production growth, lowering
costs and delivering long-term value. We discovered Assafou for $13 million in 2022. And based on the DFS at a $4,000 per ounce
gold price, the project now has an after-tax value of over $5 billion with an internal rate of return of 55%. Now that's value creation
and reflects the highly prospective region and the ability to accelerate projects quickly from discovery to production. The Assafou
project will be relatively similar to other mines that we've built, albeit bigger. The DFS outlines a 5 million tonne per annum gravity
and CIL processing plant optimized to support a smoother production ramp-up and to add additional redundancy to give optionality to
expand the plant in the future as we develop and further expand the resource, the exploration resource in the immediate vicinity of the
mine.

Early works are already underway. Procurement of long lead items have started, detailed engineering and design is progressing and
key tenders are already out. We have also launched land compensation negotiations as part of the resettlement action plan, which we
need to finalize ahead of starting the resettlement, which is on the critical path. We're targeting a final investment decision before the
end of this year and then a construction period of 24 to 30 months. Once construction starts, the resettlement, mining pre-stripping
and ore commissioning are on the critical path to production. The resettlement is required for mining to start, so developing the
resettlement action plan is a key part of our early works program.

Assafou has the potential to be one of our largest, lowest cost assets with the longest mine life, capable of producing 320,000 ounces
of gold per year at an all-in sustaining cost of $1,000.26 per ounce over the first 8 years of its planned 16-year mine life. The DFS also
reflects our increased confidence in the mine plan, underpinned by nearly 100,000 meters of additional close spaced drilling. This has
increased reserves and resources and introduced maiden proven reserves and measured resources, providing a much higher level of
certainty over what we will mine and when, de-risking the ramp-up and early production profile. And importantly, we see significant
exploration upside in the immediate vicinity of the mine that will support continued growth in reserves and resources and further
enhance the mine plan over time with the potential to sustain production higher levels over this period for much longer.

Looking at the exploration at Assafou on Slide 14. Most of our drilling has been focused on the Assafou deposit itself, and we've just
started to step out beyond Assafou. We've already identified 20 highly prospective targets on this property that we are prioritizing
with a guided $10 million spend for this year. We'll focus on advancing the Pala Trend 3 deposit following the 2025 maiden resource,
defining Pala Trend 2 maiden resource and exploration drilling at the Pala Trend Southwest and Koumenagaré. At Assafou, we've
discovered a new and highly fertile mineralized Greenstone belt and through our own land package and our strategic partnership with
Kulu Gold, we expect to unlock significantly more value across this belt. Now Assafou is key to our organic growth outlook and along
increased production at Sabodala-Massawa, we're targeting 27% growth in production to 1.5 million ounces by 2030 with a solid
position in the first cost quartile.

On Slide 16, following the launch of our new exploration strategy late last year, we've increased our exploration guidance to $100
million for this year, and we will prioritize adding near-mine resources across the portfolio, expanding resources at the Assafou
deposit and nearby targets, whilst advancing new ventures to replenish the longer-term organic project pipeline.
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                                              5
ENDEAVOUR MINING PLC FQ1 2026 EARNINGS CALL - PRELIMINARY COPY APR 30, 2026



And as you can see on Slide 17, we are pleased that we signed a strategic investment of $20 million with Altair for a 9.9% stake.
The Guyana Shield is one of the 4 Tier 1 gold provinces that we are targeting through our Greenfield and New Ventures program.
And given the Guyana Shield is a continuity of the West African permian, we have a good understanding of the geology as well as
the structural context. Now Altair has one of the largest consolidated land packages in Guyana, covering highly prospective ground
to the south of recent significant discoveries at Oko West and Oko-Ghanie along the same shear zone. So we're excited about the
prospectivity and the proceeds from our investment will be deployed to accelerate these exploration programs.

Before I hand over to Guy, I just wanted to touch shortly on ESG. As a long-term partner in West Africa, we will always strive to
deliver sustainable value to all of our stakeholders. In 2025 alone, we contributed $2.8 billion to host economies. And over the last 6
years, we've contributed $12.9 billion. This consistent delivery of value alongside continued improvements in governance, stakeholder
engagement and ESG management systems is increasingly being recognized. And as a member now of the Extractive Industries
Transparency Initiative, we met all transparency expectations in 2025, performing strongly relative to our peer group. In addition,
our ISS rating has been upgraded, placing us in the top 10% of our sector, in line with the other strong ESG ratings we continue to
maintain. And with that introduction, let me hand you over to Guy, who can take you through the Q1 financials. Guy, over to you.

Guy F. Young
Executive VP & CFO
Thanks, Ian, and hello to everyone. As Ian said, Q1 was a very strong quarter financially, driven by the higher gold price and
consistency in our operational performance. The realized gold price increased by $937 an ounce to $4,810 an ounce, supporting our
record financial performance. Whilst quarter-on-quarter production was down slightly and costs were up partially as a result, adjusted
EBITDA increased by 29% and adjusted net earnings increased by 64%.

On the cash flow side, operating cash flows were up 21% and free cash flow was up 29%. On Slide 21, you can see that adjusted
EBITDA reached a record $880 million, up 29% quarter-over-quarter, and our adjusted EBITDA margin also increased significantly
by some 12% to 65%. The higher EBITDA reflects the combination of higher gold prices and lower operating expenses due to the
lower production, while the improved margin demonstrates our ability to leverage the benefits of increased gold prices in our earnings.

Moving on to Slide 22. Operating cash flow was up 21% to $737 million compared to Q4 2025 due to higher gold prices and lower
operating expenses despite increased cash taxes and an increased working capital outflow related to trade and payables, inventory and
receivables. Looking now at the operating cash flow improvement in some more detail on Slide 23. The increase in the realized gold
price added $169 million to operating cash flow. Gold sold decreased by 24,000 ounces to 278,000 ounces in Q1, which impacted
operating cash flow by $99 million. Operating and other expenses were $156 million lower than Q4 due to a number of factors.

Firstly, lower nominal mining and processing costs on the back of the lower production, the completion of the hedging program last
year, where we recorded a loss in Q4, and these were partially offset by higher royalties. Income taxes paid increased by $23 million
to $46 million, reflecting the timing of corporate income tax payments as expected and provisional withholding tax payments at
Sabodala-Massawa. On that point, please note for the full year, we've increased our cash tax guidance from $600 million to $700
million to the revised total of $660 million to $770 million, reflecting higher withholding tax payments related to an increase in cash
repatriation on the back of higher gold prices. Cash income tax guidance is unchanged for the year.

Finally, working capital was a $91 million outflow, a $75 million increase on last quarter's. Key drivers of the increase were a
reduction in payables, which we expect in Q1, along with increased VAT and stockpiles. Turning to VAT first. VAT balances
increased in Q1 -- sorry, whilst VAT balances increased in Q1, we've seen some positive developments in April with a resumption
in direct VAT reimbursements in Burkina Faso, a reduction in processing times in Senegal and higher levels of reimbursements in
Cote d'Ivoire, which, if maintained, will positively impact our Q2 working capital. The stockpile increase is due to some deferral in
stripping at Hounde and the concomitant stockpile drawdown along with higher mining volumes at Ity. Both these trends are expected
to normalize through the rest of the year.

Although less material, we have built up supplies of some critical consumables like fuel and explosives to help mitigate any potential
impacts from the closure of the Strait of Hormuz.

Turning to Slide 24. Free cash flow reached a record $613 million in Q1, up 29% from Q4 despite the lower production and higher
ASIC taxes and working capital outflow. Free cash flow has increased each quarter since Q2 2025 as we are benefiting from higher
gold prices and successfully converting the majority of additional margin into free cash. The outlook remains very strong at current
gold prices, particularly in H2 of this year. I would remind you, however, that for Q2, we expect free cash flow to be lower as a
result of seasonal tax payments. This is normal regional tax seasonality with higher corporate income and withholding tax payments,
representing approximately 65% of our full year payments to be paid in the quarter.

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                                           6
ENDEAVOUR MINING PLC FQ1 2026 EARNINGS CALL - PRELIMINARY COPY APR 30, 2026



On Slide 25, our cash flow significantly improved our net debt position as shown here. We started the quarter with net debt of
$158 million and ended with $405 million of net cash. As detailed on the previous 2 slides, operating activities generated $737
million of cash flow in the quarter. Investing outflows were $125 million, including $75 million of sustaining capital, $45 million of
nonsustaining capital and $6 million of growth capital. Financing activities included a net $75 million drawdown on the revolving
credit facility alongside $27 million of share buybacks, $8 million of lease payments and $4 million of financing fees, all of which
leaves us in a net cash position of $405 million at the end of the quarter.

As Ian mentioned earlier, we do not intend to build a large net cash position, and we'll continue to follow our capital allocation model
of increased shareholder returns after prioritizing assets for development and exploration requirements.

Finally, moving on to net earnings. Earnings from mining operations increased to $776 million, reflecting the higher gold price, partly
offset by royalties and sustaining capital. Other expenses decreased with the higher Cote d'Ivoire royalties in the prior quarter now
being reported as part of our cost of sales. Deferred tax was a $97 million expense compared to a $53 million recovery in the prior
quarter. The change reflects the accrual of additional withholding taxes ahead of expected increased cash upstreaming as a result of
the higher gold prices, as I referenced earlier. Adjusted net earnings were $442 million for the quarter or $1.53 per share, up 65% from
Q4. Thank you, and I'll now hand over to Djaria to walk you through the operating performance.

Djaria Traore
Executive VP, Operations & ESG
Thank you, Guy, and hello, everyone. Before discussing our operating results, I want to talk about safety, which remains our top
priority. We were deeply saddened that one of our contractor colleagues suffered a fatal injury at Mana on 6th of March, as we have
previously reported.

Following the incident, we've launched a comprehensive investigation, and we've identified several areas of improvement, particularly
around contractor on-boarding, supervision and ongoing training. These actions are now being implemented across all our operations.
Despite this incident, our total recordable injury frequency rate of 0.72 on a trailing 12-month basis has improved during the quarter
and remains one of the lowest in the sector, and we continue all our efforts to eliminate fatal risks.

Before turning to the mine-by-mine review, I wanted to touch on our first quarter performance compared to guidance on Slide 29.
As Ian mentioned, we are on track to meet full year guidance with performance weighted towards H2 as production and costs are
expected to improve at Hounde, Mana and Ity in the second half of the year, and this is in line with the mine plans. For quarter 1,
group production was lower compared to last quarter of 2025 due to lower grades at Sabodala-Massawa, Mana and Ity, but again, in
line with the mining sequence. The all-in sustaining costs were higher this quarter due to gold sales, higher royalty costs and increased
stripping activity. Overall, we are pleased with our progress to date.

Starting with Hounde on Slide 10. Production increased as we mine and process higher grades from the Kari West and Vindaloo
Deep pits. All-in sustaining costs have increased, but largely due to higher royalty costs at higher realized gold prices. and to higher
sustaining capital from increased waste stripping at Kari West and heavy mining equipment improvement. We will continue stripping
at the Vindaloo pit [indiscernible], which will support access to better grade to improve production for the year, with costs only
expected to realize the benefit later in the year once the majority of the stripping has been completed.

On Slide 31, at Ity, production decreased as we mine lower grades from the Bakatouo and [ Walter ] pits, while we also processed
lower tonnes due to scheduled mill maintenance in quarter 1. All-in sustaining costs at Ity has improved due to lower sustaining
capital and the benefit of byproduct silver sales, despite the higher gold prices and lower gold sales. Similar to Hounde, Ity's
performance is expected to be weighted towards H2 as blended grades are expected to increase through the year.

On Slide 32, you can see that production at Mana was lower quarter-over-quarter due to lower grades and the weighing down on
mining activity in the Siou underground deposit, where the reserves are nearly depleted. Similarly, all-in sustaining costs were
higher due to the lower levels of production and sales as well as higher royalty costs related to gold prices and the continued use of
higher cost self-generated power. On costs, we expect that the grid power availability will improve during quarter 2 as the grid in
Burkina Faso adds new capacity. We also continue to improve the resilience of our grid connection at Mana through the automation
of the underground ventilation system and the installation of a new transformer and capacitor bank, which is expected to improve
productivity and operating costs. In H2, the mining feed from the Wona underground deposit is expected to supplemented with ore
from the open pit of Bana Camp, supporting slightly higher grade throughput and production.

Moving to Sabodala-Massawa on Slide 33. Production decreased due to lower grades mined and processed compared to the quarter
4 2025, but in line with the mine sequence. All-in sustaining costs increased due to lower gold sales, higher royalty costs related to
the increased gold price and higher sustaining capital. As 2026 progresses, we expect to see steady performance from the CIL plant as
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                                            7
ENDEAVOUR MINING PLC FQ1 2026 EARNINGS CALL - PRELIMINARY COPY APR 30, 2026



improved grades are offset by slightly lower throughput. While on the BIOX side, we expect continuous improvement in throughput
and recovery as the ongoing optimization work continues.

At the end of quarter 1, we published a technical report for Sabodala-Massawa. And it's also important to remember that this is a
conservative reserve only outlook that we intend to optimize and smooth-out through additional explorations and sequencing. The
study outlined significant production growth into the high 300,000 ounces by year 2029 with an average production over the next 5
years of 335,000 ounces per annum. The significant increase in production is expected to be driven by the ramp-up of underground
mining at the Kerekounda and Golouma deposits. As the mining ramps up, it is projected to deliver higher grade to the CIL plant,
coupled with high grades through the BIOX plant from the Massawa North Zone deposit. We will expect to small this production
profile through sequencing of Massawa North Zone and conversion of additional reserves, which would allow us to achieve and
maintain production in the mid-300,000 ounces range for longer.

Lastly, turning to Lafigue on Slide 35. Production increased as we mine higher grades from the main pit. We also benefited from
improved recovery, which have increased following the completion of processing plant optimization project. All-in sustaining costs
have also increased due to significant increase in sustaining capital related to the planned waste stripping this year and higher royalty
costs due to the higher realized gold prices and the increased royalty rates. As stripping continues, we expect grades to decrease
through the next quarter before again improving as we move into the next pushback in the second half of 2026. Overall, as you can
see, the performance has been consistent and predictable during quarter 1. And as a result, we're well positioned for the rest of the
year. Thank you for your time, and I will hand over to Ian.

Ian David Cockerill
CEO & Executive Director
Thank you, Djaria. As you've heard, we're off to a strong start operationally, and we've delivered another record quarter financially.
But our key priorities from here are quite clear.
Firstly, deliver on production and cost guidance; secondly, maximize free cash flow for every ounce that we produce to ensure an
optimized balance sheet so that we can deliver sector-leading organic growth and sector-leading shareholder returns whilst remaining
a trusted partner to our host countries. We certainly look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. And with that,
I'd say thank you, and now I'll hand back to the operator, who will be in a position to open up for Q&A. Thanks very much.




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                                             8
ENDEAVOUR MINING PLC FQ1 2026 EARNINGS CALL - PRELIMINARY COPY APR 30, 2026




Question and Answer
Operator
[Operator Instructions] We will now take our first question from the line of Alain Gabriel of Morgan Stanley.

Alain Gabriel
Morgan Stanley, Research Division
The first question is for you, Ian. The cash balance is building very rapidly on today's gold prices, and you can easily finance Assafou,
meet all your capital returns commitments and still have significant cash pile that is left. Although that's a good problem to have, it
also brings some scrutiny on capital allocation. So how are you thinking about M&A at this point in the cycle? And do you think you
have the capacity to take on a sizable project like Assafou and pursue M&A at the same time? That's my first question.

Ian David Cockerill
CEO & Executive Director
Thanks, Alain. Yes, look, it's a bit of a Hollywood problem, having the cash and the already well-defined organic growth pipeline.
Irrespective of how much cash we have on our balance sheet, we are -- as you know, we're really focused on growing this business in
an organic fashion. We have lots of opportunities to do that. That's our principal focus. Our other focus is obviously on the exploration
side. And I think the investment in Altair gives you another clear indication that's where we would -- we're happy to sort of put our
money. We are patient capital investors. We seek the right opportunities to go in to create really outsized value returns to shareholders.
It would be nice to do it every quarter, but we're taking a longer-term perspective on that.

With respect to M&A, we constantly look. And if the right opportunity came along, obviously, we would look at it. To date, we've
looked at several opportunities, but there's nothing has eventually turned out to be positive. But we're not averse to M&A, but our
principal focus obviously is on organic growth.

Alain Gabriel
Morgan Stanley, Research Division
That's very clear. And the second question is probably for Guy on the costs of -- or the energy cost impact on the business. Maybe if
you can talk to us a little bit more about the diesel exposure across the group. How do you see the conflict impacting your cost base?
Are you seeing any supply stress emerge on the supply chain? Because you seem to have managed this very well in Q1. So how are
you thinking going forward of these dynamics?

Guy F. Young
Executive VP & CFO
Alain, so let's just talk a little bit about the difference in our minds anyway between the security of supply and then the pricing risk.
So to the first part, security of supply, as a general comment across all of our sites, we do not rely particularly heavily on fuel or any
other related consumables that transit through the Strait of Hormuz. So we've got refineries that we rely on broadly regional, but in
particular, in Cote d'Ivoire in Senegal. And the crude input into those refineries is predominantly coming from Nigeria. We do have
some other refined products that are coming from Northern Western Europe.

But as a result of all of that and in discussion with our suppliers and the test of their business continuity planning, we don't perceive
security of supply to be the key issue. It is what you've referred to more a question of pricing. When we look across the portfolio, and
again, just bearing in mind that fuel is anywhere between 10% and 15% of operating costs, so it's significant, but not that material.
When we run numbers bearing in mind local pricing, then we come up with a $10 per ounce AISC impact roughly for every $10 on
the price of a barrel of oil. That is what we've seen so far.

And when we look forward into the remainder of the year, that's what we're anticipating. So if I look purely at price variance at the
moment, we can expect to see roughly a $25 increase in our Q2 costs relating purely to the price of fuel. The one other thing I would
just quickly touch on, and Djaria mentioned it in her presentation, but the volume of our consumption of fuel does depend to some
extent on grid availability. So where we see declines in grid availability, we will see higher volumes for self-generated power, and that
in and of itself will drive a cost increase. So subject to the grid availability, roughly $10 per ounce for every $10 per barrel.

Operator

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                                              9
ENDEAVOUR MINING PLC FQ1 2026 EARNINGS CALL - PRELIMINARY COPY APR 30, 2026



We will now take our next question from the line of Ovais Habib of Scotiabank.

Ovais Habib
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division
Cograts on Q1 beat and really a great start to the year. Ian, a couple of questions from me. The first one was answered in regards to the
supplies as well as the cost impact on the Middle East side. So that was good. Just moving on to Assafou. Ian, you released a robust
DFS on Assafou, permits have been received. What's keeping you back on pressing the green light to start construction on the project?

Ian David Cockerill
CEO & Executive Director
Yes. Thanks, Ovais. Look, as you know, as far as Assafou is concerned, we already have the environmental permit. We have the
exploitation permit. We're currently in negotiation with government around the mining convention. Obviously, it's important that we
get that done. Part of that process involves the creation of a local entity, and that's a normal administrative process. I have to say the
government of Cote d'Ivoire have been incredibly supportive on this project. They recognize the importance to the country as well as
to us.

And in fairness are really sort of trying their best to make sure that all necessary permits, approvals, whatever are sort of timely being
expedited. In terms of what is it that is still outstanding, obviously, one of the key issues, as we mentioned in the presentation, was
finalization on the resettlement. We have two villages that sit on top of the ore body. We're in negotiations with those communities
and seeking their ascent and approval for to get moving. That is necessary before we can actually start mining activities because both
those villages would potentially be within the normal sort of blast perimeter for the start of it.

The -- one of the other issues to be addressed is, there is a national road that runs through the footprint of the pit that needs to be
diverted. We are very close to concluding the optimal diversion of that road. There's been some towing and throwing on that, but we're
close to getting that concluded. Those, I think, are the two key outstanding issues. And obviously, I think it's always important as far
as negotiations are concerned, the government knows that we're keen to progress. They're keen for this project to progress, but it's
important that we keep our options open.

But to give you some idea of our confidence that the project is going, we've already committed up to -- it's about $80 million worth
of pre-expenditure principally aimed at long lead items such that this is another way that we can help derisk the project by making
sure that long lead items can be manufactured, transported and delivered well on time, and they don't delay any of the build program.
So we're running several things in parallel. I'm still reasonably comfortable that by the end of this year, we will formally announce
the project. But I think you can see just by what we're actually doing already, we do believe that this is -- it's not a question of if this
project goes, it's merely a question of when. It's as simple as that.

Ovais Habib
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division
Got it. And just maybe moving on to the exploration side, and maybe this is a question to Sonia, she's online. Obviously, you guys
have a large exploration program for 2026. I just want to hear in terms of which target or area Sonia is most excited about? And when
should we start receiving some exploration results?

Ian David Cockerill
CEO & Executive Director
Yes. Look, I'll pass on to -- Sona is with us. I'll pass on, but I can tell you she's excited about all the areas.

Sonia Scarselli
Executive VP, Exploration and Growth
Thank you, for the question. It depends how much time you have for me talking about the exciting pipeline. Look, if I just start to talk
about a couple of areas, definitely, we have a great results at Vindaloo Deep and Hounde, and we are planning to actually report the
results of the mid and resource in the H1. So more to come on that with also a clear understanding of the upside potential. But then if
we move into the other areas, we have exciting results in Sabodala-Massawa. We have completed a full portfolio review and identified
over 20 new opportunities in the pipeline with the first one coming with a very clear resource -- major resource by the end of the year
at [indiscernible]. So that's very exciting.

And in parallel, we also have identified more underground potential in the area, both in Sabodala and [indiscernible], more to come
towards the end of the year with concrete results. Then if we switch to Cote d'Ivoire, there's plenty there to look at. It's more around
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                                            10
ENDEAVOUR MINING PLC FQ1 2026 EARNINGS CALL - PRELIMINARY COPY APR 30, 2026



which one we prioritize first, but Ity continues to surprise us in a positive way. We had a very great result at the back end of last year,
both into the greenfield and brownfield opportunities, and we are now infill drilling on the brownfield close to the CIL plant. And then
Assafou, a lot of the work that we did in Assafou in the past couple of years was really to get the confidence on the Assafou resource.
We have that. It's moving on with the DFS. And there is now quite a large potential of under-explored brownfield opportunities that
we are progressing in parallel to get a better feeling. Those are less mature in terms of exploration activities. We will be able to give
a little bit more better understanding both towards the end of this year as well as next year. But overall, it's a very exciting pipeline
within our existing areas...

Operator
[Operator Instructions] We have the speakers back. Please continue.

Ian David Cockerill
CEO & Executive Director
Sorry, could the last speaker, please reask the question. I think we just completed Ovais' question and we're moving on to the next.

Operator
You have any follow-up question, Ovais?

Ian David Cockerill
CEO & Executive Director
Apologies for cutting there, but we had an electronic glitch here.

Operator
We will now take our next question from the line of Richard Hatch of Berenberg.

Richard James Hatch
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division
SCongrats on a very good quarter. You're delivering as you promised you said you would, and you're generating that free cash flow,
which is really good to see. Look, just two questions. Firstly, just given the volatility that we're seeing in Mali, can you just talk a little
bit around if that's creating any kind of instability in the broader region, if you're seeing anything in that regard to your operations?

And then secondly, just on Vindaloo Deeps, you did sort of talk briefly about it there, but I just wonder if you might just be able to
expand a bit more about what you're hoping to show the market on that when you update on the resource and how we should think
about that into the short, medium and longer term?

Ian David Cockerill
CEO & Executive Director
Richard, thanks. Look, I think as everybody knows, Mali does not fall into any of our jurisdictions where we have operating assets.
We have an old legacy asset, the [ Kalana ] mine that we're in the process of selling. That sale process continues. And certainly, our
understanding is that the type of activity, that the civil unrest that's taking place does not appear to have migrated right down towards
[ Kalana ]. It's a relatively, in Mali terms, much more benign region.

So we're not -- we have no immediate impact on our operations due to Mali. In terms of the potential for spread across from Mali
to elsewhere, at the moment, no. I mean the obvious place where there might have been some spread was into Burkina Faso. The
situation in Burkina appears relatively calm. We're not seeing any deterioration in the local situation. The security forces are sort of on
top of things in that country. We're working hand in glove with them. And again, we're not experiencing any current issues, and we're
not anticipating any issues into the immediate future.

As far as Vindaloo Deeps is concerned, as Sonia said, we will be -- in a short period of time, we'll be coming out with an update on
the size of the resource and timing of when that would start coming into the plan. There's still one or two minor things to finalize.
But as soon as that is ready for publication, we will come to the market. What I would say is I don't think the market is going to be
disappointed. I think they're going to be very pleased with what's coming out of Vindaloo Deeps.

Operator

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                                             11
ENDEAVOUR MINING PLC FQ1 2026 EARNINGS CALL - PRELIMINARY COPY APR 30, 2026



We will now take our next question from the line of Amos Fletcher of Barclays.

Amos Charles Fletcher
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division
I had a couple of questions. First one was just on working capital. Obviously, there's quite a lot going on within the working capital
line this quarter in particular. But it was, I guess, quite a surprise how big the build was. I was just wondering, Guy, whether you can
give us a bit of a steer on how you expect it to play out over the next few quarters?

Guy F. Young
Executive VP & CFO
Sure, Amos. Thank you. Yes, working capital outflow was relatively significant. So I touched on it in the presentation, but maybe just
walk through that again with a focus on stockpiles, which is the -- it's roughly 2/3 of that outflow. The stockpile increase is obviously
in relation to mining tonnage. And the difference between our original expectation and our actual Q1 was an element of deferral
of some of the waste stripping, particularly at Hounde, revolving around both production profile and fleet availability. So this is
something that we expect to see pick up again in Q2 and marginally at the start of Q3.

As we pick up in stripping activities, we should be seeing naturally something of a drawdown on stockpiles. Further stockpile
drawdown is anticipated at Sabodala-Massawa going into the second half. So with regards -- sorry, and Lafigue continued increase
in stripping activity as well. So with the majority of our sites looking to do some stockpile drawdown, the types of build that you saw
in the first quarter should not be repeating over the remainder of the year. And then without going into any detail as it wasn't part of
the question, but I think there are positive trend indicators on both the VAT and the consumer build as well. So hopefully, the level of
working capital build does not repeat through Q2, 3 and 4.

Amos Charles Fletcher
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division
So potential for further build but smaller levels over the next couple of quarters, you'd say?

Guy F. Young
Executive VP & CFO
So we could see build depending on sites. So as an example, we'd love to see some more stock at Mana, making sure that we've got
plant utilization. Lafigue, Houndé and Sabodala should see some stockpile drawdown.

Amos Charles Fletcher
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division
And then the second question, I just wanted to ask for, I guess, a broader update on the Senegal mining code revision process. Has
there been any developments to report over the last few months on that?

Ian David Cockerill
CEO & Executive Director
Yes. Amos, no new developments to report on that as yet.

Operator
We will now take our next question from the line of Carey MacRury of Canaccord Genuity.

Carey MacRury
Canaccord Genuity Corp., Research Division
Congrats on the great start. Maybe just another question for Guy. You've got over $1 billion in cash now, but still have some money
drawn on the credit facility. Just wondering, I assume you're going to pay that down later this year. And is there any plan to pay down
the Cote d'Ivoire debt early or just leave that as is for the schedule?

Guy F. Young
Executive VP & CFO
Okay. To the first question, the RCF drawdown, I think you know us pretty well. So you'll remember, we've got a cash cycle
effectively that means predominant offshoring capacity comes via OpCo dividends. We will pay our withholding tax in Q2, effectively
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                                        12
ENDEAVOUR MINING PLC FQ1 2026 EARNINGS CALL - PRELIMINARY COPY APR 30, 2026



allowing us to commence with the repatriation in Q3. Speed of that repatriation dependent on mine site cash levels, that money comes
offshore, utilize that to pay down the RCF. So current forecasts, we should have the RCF paid down in Q3 as soon as we get our
OpCo dividends up.

Carey MacRury
Canaccord Genuity Corp., Research Division
And on the Cote d'Ivoire debt?

Guy F. Young
Executive VP & CFO
Thank you. I was really struggling to try and remember the second part of your question. I appreciate it. The Cote d'Ivoire debt, no,
I think we'll keep that in place, Carey. So where we see -- as you can probably imagine, there is both cash and liquidity plus tax
advantages for us to be holding local debt. So no, we wouldn't look to pay that off early. We would have alternative uses for that cash.
So I expect the Cote d'Ivoire facility to remain in place and amortized as already disclosed.

Operator
We will now take our next question from the line of Anita Soni of CIBC.

Anita Soni
CIBC Capital Markets, Research Division
Most of them have been asked and answered, but I just wanted to ask about -- have you had any recent conversations with the S&P/
TSX about index inclusion? I understand from the tech process that the S&P has reached out to stakeholders to look at including
companies that are not incorporated in Canada in the TSX. And I know you were removed a couple of years ago. So I'm just
wondering if you had any recent discussions with them?

Ian David Cockerill
CEO & Executive Director
Anita, Jack has informed me that the -- there is obviously talk of inclusion in the index of companies on TSX that are not Canadian
domiciled. So that would obviously be a tailwind for us. But we haven't had any detailed conversations. So our understanding is it's
early doors, but nothing tangible from our perspective in terms of contact no.

Operator
We will now take our next question from the line of Mohamed Sidibe of NBC.

Mohamed Sidibe
National Bank Financial, Inc., Research Division
All of my questions have been answered. Just wanted to maybe ask a question on the timing of CapEx for Assafou as it relates to the
free expenditures of $50 million to $100 million that you guided to for the year.

Guy F. Young
Executive VP & CFO
Mohamed, very simply, what we have done is we've identified the long lead items, basically buying in to the queue for mill shelves,
big HPGR kit and what have you. So we flagged the level of expenditure around about plus/minus $80 million. I think you could say
that, that expenditure would be spread over the year. It's not all going to come in one lump sum. We are in the process of discussing
with various suppliers, getting the final quotes from them. And once that's done, obviously, there will be an element of timing of that
spend. So you should assume it will be spread out over the balance of the year.

Operator
We will now take our next question from the line of Felicity Robson of Bank of America.

Felicity Robson
BofA Securities, Research Division


Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                                        13
ENDEAVOUR MINING PLC FQ1 2026 EARNINGS CALL - PRELIMINARY COPY APR 30, 2026



You've provided an update on Sabodala's production profile. Could you provide some color on where you see further scope to
supplement this maybe with resource conversion or exploration in the near term?

Unknown Executive
Thank you, Felicity. I think we, as you mentioned, are very happy to have published NI3-101, whereby we are stipulating that there
will be an increase in production Sabodala-Massawa is purely currently on the mineral reserves. We've seen already an increase when
you look at the production profile 2026 versus 2025. What we're also seeing is that from 2029, we'll see a significant increase all the
way to in the mid-360 at least for the next 5 years.

However, I think to answer your question, definitely, there's an additional upside at Sabodala-Massawa through resource conversion
and additional exploration. For this year, we actually have a budget of almost $15 million to increase those resources at Sabodala-
Massawa. Maybe Sonia will have additional information.

Sonia Scarselli
Executive VP, Exploration and Growth
Yes. Just to add to what Jack was saying there. The increase of production in the late '20s driven mainly from the underground
development and coming to the pipeline that bring in a very high-grade ore for Columbia and [indiscernible], which is very exciting.
And then beyond what Djaria already talked about in terms of exploration upside, we have identified several opportunities, both in
the exploitation permit and exploration permit that will start to add to the profile in the next couple of years starting with [ Macana ]
is brownfield nearby the plant of non-refractory oxide and then moving into [indiscernible] as well as we are looking at some of the
further underground potential. So we definitely have identified opportunities to maintain that pipeline and that profile beyond the end
of the 2026.

Operator
We will now take our final question for today from the line of Frederic Bolton of BMO Capital Markets.

Frederic Bolton
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research
I just want to follow up on Ovais' and Mohammad's questions on Assafou. So there is a $396 million in nonsustaining capital, which
I think is on top of the growth CapEx that you have in your financial model. Can you please give me some color on what's within the
nonsustaining CapEx? And then within your growth CapEx allocated [indiscernible] costs. That seems to be quite high when I comp
that against other projects of similar size. Can you sort of dive into what might be driving the $250 million?

Guy F. Young
Executive VP & CFO
Fred, it was breaking up a little, but I think I've got more or less what you were after. So the key element of the nonsustaining is
effectively stripping. So I would just remind everyone, Assafou is relatively deep. So we have a very substantial pre-mining and
stripping requirement at Assafou before we get into the ore body. So it is a fundamental driver of the nonsustaining CapEx.

At that point, [indiscernible] Frederic, on the owners -- so we do have some elements within the owners cost that when we compare it
to our previous projects would be regarded as slightly higher. I think what we've attempted to do is ensure that we have incorporated
encapsulated all specific costs associated with Assafou. So wherever we have people working on Assafou, bringing teams in, one of
which, for example, we are going to be doing, which is a more fundamental cost management team that is being brought in as well
as lessons learned from previous projects where we felt that we needed to be able to ramp up slightly earlier in terms of operational
readiness. Those are the key factors driving the owner team costs.

Frederic Bolton
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research
Does that also include the management for the resettlement and the preparation for the highway diversion?

Guy F. Young
Executive VP & CFO
We have the costs associated with the road diversion and power diversion in the infrastructure line. But you're absolutely right, there is
a fairly significant effort going into the resettlement that Ian touched on earlier, and that would be included in the earnings cost, yes.

Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                                        14
ENDEAVOUR MINING PLC FQ1 2026 EARNINGS CALL - PRELIMINARY COPY APR 30, 2026



Operator
And that's the end of the question-and-answer session.

Ian David Cockerill
CEO & Executive Director
And thank you, everybody...

Operator
Please continue, sir.

Ian David Cockerill
CEO & Executive Director
Okay. Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for your time. I hope you've heard how pleased we are with the first quarter and
how it's set up for continued success throughout the rest of the year. We look forward to meeting up with you again in the midyear
when we give our Q2 and H1 results. Thank you all for listening today. Much appreciated. Thank you, and goodbye.

Operator
Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect your lines.




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                                   15
ENDEAVOUR MINING PLC FQ1 2026 EARNINGS CALL - PRELIMINARY COPY APR 30, 2026



Copyright © 2026 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public and from sources believed to be reliable.
No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research, model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof
(Content) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior
written permission of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or unauthorized
purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of
the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE
CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS,
SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS, THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE
WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or lost profits
and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global
Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or
recommendations to purchase, hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an index is available through investable
instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content
should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making
investment and other business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered as such. S&P
Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and objectivity of their respective activities. As a result,
certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to
maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from obligors. S&P Global reserves
the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free
of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com (subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global
publications and third-party redistributors. Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence.




Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence                                                                                                                                         16
