Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020

                                                                   Thank you for making time to attend today. I am Shuntaro
                                                                   Furukawa, President of Nintendo. Executive Officer Mr.
   Corporate Management Policy Briefing                            Murakami has just presented our financial results for the
   Nine Months Financial Results Briefing                          period.
   for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020
                                          January 31, 2020
                                          Nintendo Co., Ltd.
                                          Director and President
                                          Shuntaro Furukawa




                                                                   Nintendo is a company that creates entertainment to bring
                                                                   smiles to people's faces, and as we've said before, our
     Basic Strategy                                                basic strategy towards that end is to expand the number of
    Expanding the Number of People                                 people who have access to Nintendo IP.
    Who Have Access to Nintendo IP




                                                                   At our presentation last year, we described our basic
                                                                   strategy focusing on these three initiatives. The first is to
     Basic Strategy
    Expanding the Number of People
    Who Have Access to Nintendo IP                                 continue to pursue the design and development of unique
    • Design and development of unique products and services       products and services that are overwhelmingly fun to play
      that are overwhelmingly fun to play and whose appeal is
      easy to understand at a glance
                                                                   and whose appeal is easy to understand at a glance. The
    • Active use of Nintendo IP

    • Promotion of business based on use of Nintendo Accounts
                                                                   second is to make active use of the Nintendo IP. And the
                                                                   third is to create initiatives that promote business based on
                                                                   the use of Nintendo Accounts, with the goal of developing
                                                                   long-term relationships with consumers.



                                                                   In light of our position within the current environment, our
           Advancing From 2019 Into 2020                           direction will not change as we continue with our existing
                                                                   basic strategy and medium-term initiatives in 2020. We
   Continue pursuing our current basic strategy

                                                                   introduced our plans to expand the number of people who
     We are starting to see results from our efforts
       in creating venues and opportunities for                    have access to Nintendo IP in 2015, and have since worked
      consumers to interact with the Nintendo IP
                                                                   to bring access to Nintendo IP to a broader range of
                                                                   consumers in areas beyond our core business of dedicated
                                                                   video game platforms. We are starting to see results from
                                                                   our efforts in creating venues and opportunities for
                                                                   consumers to interact with the Nintendo IP, and I will focus
                                                                   our discussion today on the current status of these
                                                                   initiatives.
                                                                         1
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020

                                                    One of our initiatives to expand the number of people who
    Example Initiative: Nintendo TOKYO
                                                    have access to Nintendo IP was the November 2019
                                                    opening of Nintendo TOKYO in the SHIBUYA PARCO
                                                    building as our first directly managed store in Japan. Since
                                                    its opening, visitors have included not just young people,
                                                    but also families with their children, and tourists from other
                                                    countries. However, it is often necessary to wait to enter
                                                    the store, which we regret can be an inconvenience to
                                                    visitors. While Nintendo TOKYO does not greatly impact
                                                    our financial results, the store serves as a base to convey
                                                    the appeal of Nintendo's IP, and we believe it will be a
                                                    highly effective fixed point of contact between Nintendo
                                                    and consumers.




                                                    Going forward, we plan to enhance our product lineup to
                                                    reach a broader audience as well as to satisfy repeat
                                                    visitors. We also intend to analyze consumer reactions and
                                                    their opinions about the store as we consider the
                                                    possibility of expanding to additional locations both inside
                                                    and outside of Japan.




                                                    As a result of our partnership with Universal Parks &
   Example Initiative: SUPER NINTENDO WORLD
                                                    Resorts, SUPER NINTENDO WORLD is under construction
                                                    at Universal Studios Japan, and is an especially large
                                                    initiative in our strategy to expand the number of people
                                                    who have access to Nintendo IP. The SUPER NINTENDO
                                                    WORLD area is scheduled to open this year, before the
                                                    start of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. In the SUPER NINTENDO
                                                    WORLD area guests can enjoy the world of a Mario game-
                                                    like experience, like hitting a real-life Question Block, with
                                                    their whole body. The area will have multiple themed areas,
                                                    focusing on a cutting-edge Mario Kart-themed ride and a
                                                    family-friendly Yoshi-themed ride, as well as plenty of
                                                    restaurants and shops.


                                                          2
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020

                                                            There will also be a variety of areas with interactive
   Example Initiative: SUPER NINTENDO WORLD
                                                            experiences, that can be accessed using a special wristband
                                                            called the “Power Up Band”.
                                                            Universal Studios Japan released new images and
                                                            information earlier on January 14th, and they will continue
                                                            to release information in preparation for opening. As
                                                            already announced, this initiative is not limited to Universal
                                                            Studios Japan, but will also be expanded to Hollywood and
                                                            Orlando in the US, as well as Singapore.



                                                            The motion picture project that we are developing in
     Example Initiative: Video Content
                                                            partnership with Illumination, is one of the bigger
                        • Production moving along
                          smoothly for a 2022 release
                                                            examples of such projects that we are undertaking.
                        • Nintendo is proactively           As we have shared previously, production is moving along
                          involved in the production,
                          and will own the rights so that   smoothly aiming for a theatrical release in 2022.
                          the movie can be leveraged
                          for business opportunities
                                                            This is a project that Nintendo is proactively involved in
                                                            from its development and production, and we will also own
                                                            the rights so that the movie can be leveraged for business
                                                            opportunities.
                                                            The movie will be jointly produced by Mr. Shigeru
                                                            Miyamoto, Representative Director and Fellow at Nintendo,
                                                            as well as Mr. Chris Meledandri, founder and CEO of
                                                            Illumination.
                                                            Funding for this movie will be provided by Nintendo and
                                                            Universal Pictures, and Universal Pictures will also be
                                                            handling the distribution and promotion of the movie.




   Example Initiative: Development for Mobile Devices
                                                            We are pursuing initiatives that make use of the global
                                                            spread of smart devices to introduce consumers to our
                                                            characters, worlds, and gameplay. Mario Kart Tour, released
                                                            in September, had the largest launch of any of our
                                                            applications, and it has continued to do well since then.
                                                            This application is played by a wide range of consumers,
                                                            and female consumers account for nearly 40% of the total.
                                                            As with Mario Kart Tour, other applications are also
                                                            continuing to expand the fans of Nintendo IPs by utilizing
                                                            the spread and install base of smart devices.
                                                                  3
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020

                                                                                                                              Let's move on to a discussion of the dedicated video game
                                                                                                                              platforms that make up our core business.




                                                                                                                              Nintendo Switch sales during the holiday season were
        Global cumulative sell-through                                                                                        robust for both hardware and software, and surpassed the
        reached 48 million units                                                                                              results for the same period of the previous fiscal year,
                                     (as of the end of December 2019)
                                                                                                                              which were also good. We estimate that the global sell-
                                                                                                                              through for the Nintendo Switch family of systems has
                                                                                                                              grown to more than 48 million units, and its install base
                                                                                                                              continues to expand. Nintendo Switch remains on a growth
                                                    Internal estimates, including Asia and Latin America / Source: Nintendo




                                                                                                                              trajectory coming out of its third holiday season, with a
                                                                                                                              solid business foundation in all major markets.




                                                                                                                              This graph shows the transition in sell-through, from April
    Nintendo Switch Family Sell-Through (Japan)
                             2.85million
                                                                                                                              2019 onwards, of the Nintendo Switch family of consoles in
         4        Prior FY



         3
                  This FY    3.53million
                                (+23%)        This FY
                                                                                                                              Japan, compared to the previous fiscal year. Sales of both
                                                                                                                              Nintendo Switch and Nintendo Switch Lite are totaled
                 As of 4th Week of December
                                                                        Prior FY
         2
                Nintendo Switch Lite Launch


         1                                                                                                                    together from September 2019 onwards. At the financial
         0
     (million   Apr. May June July Aug. Sept. Oct. Nov. Dec. Jan. Feb. Mar.
                                                                                                                              briefing for the second quarter, we talked about the
     units)


                                                                                                                              significant increase in sell-through that followed the
                                                                                                     Source: Media Create




                                                                                                                              launches of the new Nintendo Switch model and Nintendo
                                                                                                                              Switch Lite. Afterwards, we were able to maintain that
                                                                                                                              momentum into the holiday season, and greatly increase
                                                                                                                              our sales compared to the previous year. Total sales for
                                                                                                                              April through December exceeded the same period in the
                                                                                                                              previous year by 23%.


                                                                                                                              Note: Sell-through refers to unit sales by retailers to
                                                                                                                              consumers.




                                                                                                                                    4
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020

                                                                                                  This is the North American market. Nintendo Switch had
    Nintendo Switch Family Sell-Through (North America)

          7
                   Prior FY5.14million
                                                                                                  record-setting sell-through in the 2018 holiday season,
                                                                                                  thanks in part to the release of titles popular in the North
          6        This FY 5.98million
                                                   This FY
          5                      (+16%)

                                                                                                  American market such as Super Smash Bros. Ultimate. As
                  As of 4th Week of December
          4                                                   Prior FY
          3          Nintendo Switch Lite Launch

          2
                                                                                                  reported by Nintendo of America, the sales volume for the
          1

          0
      (million   Apr. May June July Aug. Sept. Oct. Nov. Dec. Jan. Feb. Mar.
                                                                                                  Nintendo Switch family of consoles in the US market
      units)


                                                                                                  during the week of Black Friday in 2019 reached 800,000
                                                                               Source: Nintendo




                                                                                                  units, which set a new weekly sales record for Nintendo
                                                                                                  Switch. Moreover, monthly sell-through in December
                                                                                                  surpassed 2 million units. For Nintendo hardware, this is a
                                                                                                  new record since Wii for sell-through in a single month.
                                                                                                  Total sales for April through December exceeded the same
                                                                                                  period in the previous fiscal year by 16%.




                                                                                                  These are the figures for the European market. They have
    Nintendo Switch Family Sell-Through (Europe)
         5
                   Prior FY3.73million
                                                                                                  consistently exceeded last year's, right from the start.
         4
                   This FY 4.32million
                                 (+15%)             This FY                                       Although Black Friday originated in the United States, sales
         3
                                                                                                  in line with Black Friday have become active in Europe in
                  As of 4th Week of December
                                                              Prior FY
                     Nintendo Switch Lite Launch
         2

         1                                                                                        recent years. During the week of Black Friday, sales of the
         0
      (million   Apr. May June July Aug. Sept. Oct. Nov. Dec. Jan. Feb. Mar.
                                                                                                  Nintendo Switch family of consoles reached around
      units)


                                                                                                  600,000 units. Total sales for April through December
                                                                               Source: Nintendo




                                                                                                  exceeded the same period in the previous fiscal year by
                                                                                                  15%.




                                                                                                  The software market for Nintendo Switch has expanded
        Titles Released In Holiday Season                                                         beyond even the hardware performance just described.
                                                                                                  Among Nintendo titles, sales of evergreen titles that have
                                                                                                  already been released are stable, and those titles released

   October 18                 October 31                      November 15
                                                                                                  during the holiday season also showed good momentum.
    Release                    Release                          Release




                                                                                                         5
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020

                                                                                                  Sales of Ring Fit Adventure have continued to grow since
                   • Sales took off in Japan,
                     South Korea and other parts of
                                                                                                  its release in October. Sales took off initially in East Asia
                                                                                                  such as in Japan and South Korea, followed by gathering
                     East Asia and continue to be strong

                   • Cumulative sell-through for Japan,
                     North America, and Europe                                                    momentum in the European market after Black Friday. No
                     combined is over 1.7 million units

                   • Despite continuous shipments,
                                                                                                  detailed sell-through information is available for the Asian
                                                                                                  region, so totals include only the major Japanese/North
                     shortages continue in East Asia



                                                                                                  American/European regions. Currently, cumulative sell-
                                 As of the end of January 2020 / Source: Nintendo, Media Create




                                                                                                  through has exceeded 1.7 million units.
                                                                                                  However, despite continuous shipments, this product is
                                                                                                  selling out rapidly and shortages continue in East Asia,
                                                                                                  including Japan. Many consumers are still waiting, and I
                                                                                                  would like to apologize again for this inconvenience.




                                                                                                  Ring Fit Adventure is entertainment that integrates
                                                                                                  hardware and software in an adventure that involves a full-
                                                                                                  body workout. It has been highly rated by consumers since
                                                                                                  launch, and its popularity can also be seen on online
                                                                                                  shopping sites in several regions.
                                                                                                  It is being picked up by a wide variety of consumers
                                                                                                  including women and families, and we can confirm that
                                                                                                  many consumers are purchasing it together with a
                                                                                                  Nintendo Switch console. There is a higher ratio of female
                                                                                                  consumers playing Ring Fit Adventure compared to other
                                                                                                  titles, and a wide range of ages regardless of gender, as
                                                                                                  families play the title at home, giving a real feel for how
                                                                                                  our consumer base is expanding. The brief and daily aspect
                                                                                                  of play appears to be prompting continued interaction
                                                                                                  with Nintendo Switch.




                                                                                                        6
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020

                                                                                                                                     The total sell-through in Japan, North America, and Europe
                                        • Sell-through of over 4 million units
                                          in first 9 weeks
                                           (Total for Japan, North America, and Europe)
                                                                                                                                     for Luigi’s Mansion 3 has exceeded 4 million units in the 9
                                        • Selling over twice as fast at release                                                      weeks since its release on October 31. Compare to the sell-
                                          as Luigi's Mansion: Dark Moon for
                                          Nintendo 3DS, higher overseas                                                              through of Luigi’s Mansion: Dark Moon released in March
                                          sales ratio

                                        • The ratio of children and families                                                         2013, it is off to more than twice as fast of a start during
                                          increased as the holiday season
                                          approached                                                                                 the same time period from the release.
                                                                                                                                     Compare to Luigi’s Mansion: Dark Moon, its momentum of
                                                                           Includes digital sales / Source: Nintendo, Media Create




                                                                                                                                     sell-through is particularly stronger in North America and
                                                                                                                                     Europe, the ratio of overseas sales has been high for this
                                                                                                                                     title. In addition, although people in their twenties were the
                                                                                                                                     main purchasers immediately after release, the ratio of
                                                                                                                                     children and families increased as the holiday season
                                                                                                                                     approached.




                                                    Comparative sell-through of Pokémon
                                                                                                                                     Pokémon Sword and Pokémon Shield, released on
                                                     series in first 9 weeks after release
                                                           (Japan, NA, and Europe)
                                                                                                                                     November 15th, is the latest entry in the Pokémon series.
                                                       12.28
                                                                                                                     10              This graph shows a comparison of cumulative sell-through
                                                                                                                     5
                                                                                                                                     for different entries in the Pokémon series during the first 9
                                                            ➀                   ②                    ③
                                                                                                                     0
                                                                                                                   (million
                                                                                                                   units)
                                                                                                                                     weeks after release. Cumulative sell-through for Japan,
                                                                                                                                     North America, and Europe in the first 9 weeks after
                                                        ➀ Pokémon Sword & Shield
                                                        ② Pokémon Sun & Moon
                                                        ③ Pokémon X & Y


                                                                                                                                     release was 12.28 million units. This record surpasses
                                                                                     Includes download sales. / Source: Nintendo




                                                                                                                                     Pokémon Sun and Pokémon Moon, which held the previous
                                                                                                                                     record for best-selling entry in the Pokémon series. Sales
                                                                                                                                     have continued to grow since the beginning of the year,
                                                                                                                                     and we expect sales to continue as these become
                                                                                                                                     evergreen titles.




    Nintendo Switch First-Party Title Sell-Through (JP/NA/EU)
                                                                                                                                     This graph shows the sell-through trends for first-party
        60         Prior FY   44.89 million units
                                                                                                                                     Nintendo Switch software in all major markets from April
                                                                                                                                     through December in this fiscal year compared with the
                   This FY    56.59 million units
        50                             (+26%)       This FY

        40         As of 4th Week of December                                  Prior FY

        30                                                                                                                           same months in the previous fiscal year. In addition to the
                                                                                                                                     contributions of evergreen titles throughout the year, sell-
        20

        10

          0
      (million   Apr. May June July Aug. Sept. Oct. Nov. Dec. Jan. Feb. Mar.
                                                                                                                                     through of titles released during the holiday season
      units)


                                                                                                                                     showed good momentum, as discussed. Sell-through of
                                                     Includes system bundles and digital sales / Source: Nintendo, Media Create




                                                                                                                                     first-party titles for April through December totaled 56.59
                                                                                                                                     million units, up 26% from the previous year.


                                                                                                                                           7
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020

                                                                                                                  Sales results were good not only for Nintendo titles, but
  Comparison of Other Software Publisher Title Net Sales
                                                                                                                  also for titles from other software publishers. Total
                 Up over 50％
                                                                                                                  Nintendo sales related to other software publishers' titles
                                                                                                                  continue to rise, with an increase of more than 50% over
                                                                                                                  the previous year seen between April and December 2019.
                  2017             2018             2019           Cumulative digital sales totals including
                                                                   download versions of physical software,
                                                                                                                  We had a development environment ready from an early
                                                                                                                  stage for Nintendo Switch, and as many developers have
                                                                   download-only software, add-on content, etc.
              April-December   April-December   April-December                                Source: Nintendo




                                                                                                                  seen the Nintendo Switch installed base continue to grow,
                                                                                                                  they are joining in from a wider range of regions than ever
                                                                                                                  before. Titles from other software publishers are being sold
                                                                                                                  in a variety of genres for Nintendo Switch, and these sales
                                                                                                                  continue to grow alongside the growth of the platform
                                                                                                                  itself.



                                                                                                                  One more point to mention is the more than 15 million
                                                                                                                  accounts worldwide with a paid membership to Nintendo
                                                                                                                  Switch Online, and those sales occupy a certain presence
                                                                                                                  within our digital sales. But while new members continue
                                                                                                                  to join, there are also those who do not renew their
   Over 15 Million Paid Membership Accounts Worldwide                                                             memberships. We will continue to enhance the appeal of
                                                                                                                  the service to bring more features and more fun to
                                                                 As of January 2020 / Source: Nintendo




                                                                                                                  Nintendo Switch.



                                                                                                                  Supported by a broad base of consumers, the Nintendo
                                                                                                                  Switch business was able to continue to perform well in its
                                                                                                                  third holiday season. March of 2020 will mark three full
   Beyond the Conventional Hardware Lifecycle                                                                     years since the launch of Nintendo Switch and the start of
                                                                                                                  its fourth year of sales. According to the conventional
                                                                                                                  wisdom for dedicated video game platforms, Nintendo
                                                                                                                  Switch should be entering the midway phase of the
                                                                                                                  hardware lifecycle. But we believe we have built a
                                                                                                                  foundation on which we can pursue further growth
                                                                                                                  opportunities for Nintendo Switch. This is premised on two
                                                                                                                  points I want to touch on here, although I will not go into
                                                                                                                  detail today about future development and lineup plans
                                                                                                                  because it is in the nature of our business to value surprise
                                                                                                                  in a good sense.
                                                                                                                            8
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020

                                                                                               The first point is that we have introduced two styles of
   Foundation for Pursuing Nintendo Switch
                                                                                               Nintendo Switch hardware that users can choose to match
            Growth Opportunities
                                                                                               their lifestyle.
        Two styles of Nintendo Switch hardware that
    1   users can choose to match their lifestyle




                                                                                               Over the course of our history, we have introduced a
        Two styles of Nintendo Switch hardware that
    1   users can choose to match their lifestyle
                                                                                               variety of models with different characteristics for each
      With handheld systems, introducing multiple models                                      generation of handheld system, including Nintendo DS and
       to meet consumer needs and expand the user base
                                                                                               Nintendo 3DS. In this way, we have been able to meet a
      The introduction of Nintendo Switch Lite in 2019
       expanded the base of new consumers                                                      wider range of consumer needs and expand the consumer
      We also see consumers using more than one system                                        base. With the launch of Nintendo Switch Lite in 2019 as a
                                                                                               member of the Nintendo Switch family at a different price
                                                                                               point and with different features, we are seeing new
                                                                                               consumers purchasing Nintendo Switch for the first time,
                                                                                               and also consumers who already own Nintendo Switch
                                                                                               opting to purchase an additional system to make use of
                                                                                               both systems.




                                                                                               This chart compares total sell-through of the Nintendo
        Two styles of Nintendo Switch hardware that
    1   users can choose to match their lifestyle
                                                                                               Switch family in Japan, North America, and Europe for April
                                                                                               through December of 2018 and 2019. You can see that
                                                                                               sales in 2019 of Nintendo Switch alone, shown in dark red,
                                                                                               were close in scale to the sell-through of 2018, and that
                     2018          2019
          Breakdown of Total Sell-Through for April-December                                   Nintendo Switch Lite added to the results to boost overall
                                      (Japan/North America/Europe)

                                                                                               sell-through. However, we feel that we have not yet fully
                                                              Source: Nintendo, Media Create




                                                                                               communicated the special features and appeal of Nintendo
                                                                                               Switch Lite, so we will continue to address this going
                                                                                               forward.




                                                                                                     9
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020

                                                                Regarding Nintendo Switch, we believe that it is important
        Two styles of Nintendo Switch hardware that
    1   users can choose to match their lifestyle
                                                                to continue to communicate the appeal of both Nintendo
                                                                Switch systems and expand the installed base. Please note
                                                                that we have no plans to launch a new Nintendo Switch
                                                                model during 2020.
        We will continue to expand the installed base of
        Nintendo Switch and Nintendo Switch Lite in 2020




                                                                But as was revealed today in a separate announcement, a
        Two styles of Nintendo Switch hardware that
    1   users can choose to match their lifestyle
                                                                special edition Nintendo Switch with an Animal Crossing:
                                                                New Horizons design will launch in Japan on March 20 on
                                                                the same day as the game's release.


                                                                Note: North American market: Scheduled launch is
           Set to launch March 20, 2020 in Japan
                                                                March 13, 2020
                                                                European/Australian markets:    Scheduled launch is March
                                                                20, 2020



                                                                The second point is that the focusing of development on
   Foundation for Pursuing Nintendo Switch
                                                                the Nintendo Switch platform makes it easier to promote
            Growth Opportunities
                                                                long-term software growth.
        Two styles of Nintendo Switch hardware that
    1   users can choose to match their lifestyle

        Long-term software growth through
    2 focused development




                                                                Previously, our dedicated video game platforms were
    2   Long-term software growth through focused development
                                                                separated into home consoles and handheld systems.
                                                                Some consumers chose to play both, while others chose
  Past dedicated video game platforms
                                                                one or the other, based on the different kinds of games
           Unique approach of utilizing the
         characteristics of both a console and                  available. By taking unique approaches with software,
                                                                making use of the different characteristics of home
                   handheld system


                                                                consoles and handheld systems, many consumers enjoyed
                                                                playing each kind of system, for example playing Wii Sports
                                                                and Wii Fit on the Wii, and the Brain Training series and
                                                                nintendogs on the Nintendo DS.


                                                                     10
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020

                                                                             Nintendo Switch adds tabletop mode to the TV mode and
     2    Long-term software growth through focused development

                                                                             handheld mode that are characteristic to home consoles
                                                                             and to handheld systems, respectively. This has led to
                                                                             variations not only in gameplay, but in opportunities to
                                                                             play, resulting in a wider world of unique entertainment
 Due to expiration of the term of use,
                                                                             that is different from the situation and environment of past
 we have removed certain images that were included at the time of release.
                                                                             hardware.



                                                                             A variety of software has been released for Nintendo
     2    Long-term software growth through focused development

                                                                             Switch, including titles highly anticipated by consumers,
                                                                             completely new titles, and unique titles achievable only
                                                                             through the integrated development of hardware and
                                                                             software. Nintendo Switch has become the platform that
                                                                             brings together the numerous franchises that have
                                                                             supported our previous home console and handheld
                                                                             systems. There are over 48 million Nintendo Switch
                                                                             consoles in the market at the present time, so we will be
                                                                             able to continue to focus on software development for
                                                                             Nintendo Switch going forward. We are developing many
                                                                             new titles for Nintendo Switch in addition to the ones that
                                                                             have been announced. New titles will be released
                                                                             continuously going forward, and not just Nintendo titles,
                                                                             but also titles in a variety of genres including indie titles
                                                                             from other software publishers.



                                                                             We are also focused on initiatives that keep consumers
     2    Long-term software growth through focused development

                                                                             playing after the software has been released. As
                                                                             announced recently, we plan to update the in-game
                                                                             content and distribute new add-on content for Pokémon
                                                                             Sword and Pokémon Shield. And as we've mentioned
                                                                             before, we've decided to create even more additional
                                                                             fighters for Super Smash Bros. Ultimate.




                                                                                  11
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020

                                                    We strive to build good and enduring relationships with
                                                    consumers. The people who have experienced Nintendo
                                                    games in the 37 years since the release of Family Computer
                                                    System (known as Nintendo Entertainment System outside
                                                    Japan) range from children to senior citizens. We can see
                                                    changes in the market environment that are making it
                                                    easier for a wide range of consumers to connect to our
                                                    products and services, and to Nintendo as a company.


                                                    The impact of these changes can be felt in a few different
                                                    ways. For example, I mentioned at the presentation last
                                                    year that people who have interacted with Nintendo
                                                    games at some point in their lives are a part of the wide
                                                    range of consumers who are now playing Super Smash
                                                    Bros. Ultimate, which recorded explosive sell-through
                                                    numbers. Another example is Nintendo TOKYO, which is
                                                    being visited by a wide range of consumers, from children
                                                    to seniors.




                                                    Nintendo Switch, which inherits and fully expresses
                                                    Nintendo’s entertainment DNA, exists in an environment

   Focused on Nintendo Switch, and working
                                                    unlike that of any dedicated video game platform to date.
   to expand the number of people who have          The old conventional wisdom no longer applies, and we
   access to Nintendo IP
                                                    feel it is possible to pursue further growth opportunities.
                                                    We believe that now is an important time to continue to
                                                    focus on the Nintendo Switch business that we have
                                                    nurtured, and that this will be a strong driver for our basic
                                                    business strategy of expanding the number of people who
                                                    have access to Nintendo IP.




                                                         12
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020

                                                                 Lastly, I'd like to touch on two other matters. The first has
     Consolidation of Tokyo Offices                              to do with the consolidation of our Tokyo offices.
                                                                 Currently, our group is divided among four offices in Tokyo
       • Consolidation of four Tokyo offices
                                                                 for operations including development. This separation of
       • New location in Kanda-Nishikicho,
         Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo
                                                                 locations is inconvenient in terms of operational efficiency,
                                                                 and for that and other reasons these locations will be
                                                                 consolidated into a single office together with a part of our
                                                                 group companies to create a system that can boost
                                                                 operational efficiency. The new Tokyo office will be located
                                                                 in Kanda-Nishikicho in Chiyoda Ward, and preparations are
                                                                 being made for the move.




                                                                 The second point I would like to mention is a change made
   Establishment of Nomination Advisory Committee
                                                                 to our corporate governance system, which we announced
   • Advisory body to the Board of Directors for deliberation
     on matters related to nomination and compensation of        yesterday. We have established a Nomination Advisory
     Directors
                                                                 Committee to serve as an advisory body to the Board of
   • Increased objectivity and transparency in nomination
     and compensation decisions
                                                                 Directors for deliberation on matters of nomination and
   • Principal membership of the Committee and the
     position of chairperson will be held by Outside Directors
                                                                 compensation, such as the election of Directors. It was
                                                                 created with the aim of increasing objectivity and
                                                                 transparency in the nomination and compensation process
                                                                 of Directors. The Committee’s principal membership will be
                                                                 made up of Outside Directors and an Outside Director will
                                                                 also serve as the chairperson. We will continue to work
                                                                 toward further enhancing our corporate governance
                                                                 system.




                                                                      13
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020

                                                    This concludes today's presentation. Thank you.




 Disclaimers
 The contents of this briefing as well as of the accompanying documents and materials are based
 upon the information available and the judgments which can be made at the time of the
 announcement. Nintendo is not responsible for updating or changing these materials if the
 information presented changes due to future circumstances or for other reasons.
 Also, forecasts referred to in this briefing and accompanying documents and materials involve known
 and unknown risks and uncertainties. Please note that such risks and uncertainties may cause actual
 results to be materially different from the forecasts.




                                                          14
