Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ended March 2018



                                                              Thank you for making time to attend Nintendo’s financial
                                                              briefing. I am Tatsumi Kimishima, President of Nintendo.
                Nintendo Co., Ltd.                            Mr. Furukawa, General Manager of the Corporate
      Financial Results Briefing                              Planning Department, has just presented our financial
      President and Representative Director                   results for this period.
               Tatsumi Kimishima
                                                              I will now discuss our planned initiatives for the fiscal
                                                              year ending March 2019.




                                                              Firstly, Nintendo Labo has had the high expectation as a
                                                              “very Nintendo” product since the original announcement
                                                              in January this year, and as soon as it was launched,
                                                              consumers have been posting photos and video of
                                                              parents and children as they work together to assemble
     Global Release, April 2018                               the cardboard pieces and then play with their completed
                                                              Toy-Con, which were unimaginable in video games
                                                              before. It has been on sale for only a week in Japan and
                                                              the US, while sales in Europe will begin today, but the
                                                              main purchasers of Nintendo Labo at launch are not the
                                                              same as with typical video games, and they are mainly
                                                              elementary school children and their fathers, as well as
                                                              game players who like creative activities. We developed
                                                              and will nurture Nintendo Labo as a product that is not
                                                              constrained by the boundaries of conventional video
                                                              games and can endear itself to a broader range of
                                                              consumers.    From the initial response, we have this solid
                                                              feeling that we are off to a great start in that regard.




  Some Nintendo Titles Released Since the Start of the Year   We began releasing Nintendo titles non-stop with the
                                                              launch of Nintendo Switch, and kept the new-release
                                                              buzz alive through the end of the year. We are continuing
                                                              to release new titles since the start of this new year as
                                                              well. And we are selling more titles across a broad array
                                                              of genres, from those with widely accessible characters
                                                              and settings like the Kirby series, to those like Bayonetta
                                                              that are well regarded by game fans, all of which gives us
                                                              a real sense that our consumer base is growing.
                                                                     1
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ended March 2018



               Comparative Sell-Through of Kirby Series                                                                          This graph shows the total sell-through of Kirby Star
                  (Japan, US, and Europe combined)

                                                       1,000
                                                                       ① Kirby's Return to Dream Land
                                                                       ② Kirby: Triple Deluxe
                                                                                                                                 Allies immediately after its March release, compared to
                                                                       ③ Kirby: Planet Robobot

                                                          800          ④ Kirby Star Allies                                       the sell-through for the same period of time for other
                                                          600
                                                                                                                                 titles in the Kirby series. This is one Nintendo Switch title
                                                          400

                                                          200
                                                                                                                                 that had more momentum from the start than other past
                                                              0
                                                         (1,000            ①             ②              ③              ④
                                                                                                                                 titles.
                                                          units)

               Total sell-through in first five weeks after release / Including digital sales / Source: Nintendo, Media Create




               Comparative Sell-Through of Bayonetta 2                                                                           This graph shows the total sell-through of Bayonetta 2
                  (Japan, US, and Europe combined)
                                                              400                                                                immediately after its February release for Nintendo
                                                              300                                                                Switch, compared to the sell-through for the same period
                                                              200
                                                                                                                                 of time following its 2014 release for Wii U. The Nintendo
                                                              100
                                                                                                                                 Switch version of this title quickly surged past the original
                                                                   0
                                                               (1,000            WiiU版
                                                                                Wii  U             Nintendo
                                                                                                   Nintendo  Switch
                                                                                                            Switch版
                                                                                                                                 Wii U version.
                                                                units)
                                                                                version                     version
              Total sell-through in first nine weeks after release / Including digital sales / Source: Nintendo, Media Create




                                                                                                                                 Looking back at the previous fiscal year, one important
                                                                                                                                 aspect to highlight about Nintendo Switch during its first
                                                                                                                                 year was the huge growth of its digital business compared
                                                                                                                                 to past Nintendo platforms.

                           Digital Business




                                                                                                                                 This graph compares the sales of digital content through
                           Digital Sales Trends
     (Billion yen)   0           10           20            30            40            50            60                         our dedicated video game platform business over the past
   FY03/2013
                                                                                                                                 few years. To reflect these changing circumstances, what
   FY03/2014

   FY03/2015                                                                                                                     we used to refer to as "download sales" are now called
   FY03/2016

   FY03/2017                                                                                                                     "digital sales." Our digital sales reached a new record
   FY03/2018                                                                                              ¥60.8bn                high in the fiscal year ended March 2018. We are not
                                 Q1                  Q2                   Q3                  Q4

                                                                                                                                 disclosing the specific breakdown, but downloadable
                                                                                                                                 versions of packaged software and add-on content for
                                                                                                                                 Nintendo Switch did make a major contribution to growth
                                                                                                                                 in digital sales.

                                                                                                                                 Note: FY = Fiscal year (April through March of the
                                                                                                                                 following year)
                                                                                                                                           2
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ended March 2018



                                             And now one year has passed since Nintendo Switch
                                             launched last March.

                   Nintendo Switch
                    One Year After Release




                                             The new concept of a home gaming system that can be
                                             taken out on the go has been well-received by people
                                             worldwide from the very beginning.




                                             With Nintendo Switch, you can take your home gaming
                                             system out with you wherever you want to go, and the
                                             ability to share the Joy-Con controllers means you can
                                             start a game anytime, anywhere, with anyone. When
                                             people bring their Nintendo Switch with them, they can
                                             start local cooperative or competitive play anywhere they
                                             go. Consumers who purchase Nintendo Switch are taking
                                             advantage of the hardware's unique features to match
                                             their personal styles of play and to enjoy playing games in
                                             places and in ways that were unimaginable before.



                                             With this positive response from consumers, the Nintendo
                                             Switch business has made a solid start and the stage is
             The Nintendo Switch business    set for the future expansion of the business. That being
             has made a solid start
                                             said...
             and the stage is set
             for future expansion




                                                       3
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ended March 2018



                                             In the dedicated video game platform business, the
                                             second year is all-important. The second year is when the
      The second year is crucial             novelty has worn off and the hardware is truly put to the
    in the dedicated video game              test. During this fiscal year, we will take advantage of the
          platform business                  stage we set in the first year to further expand the
                                             installed base.




                                             To expand the installed base of Nintendo Switch, there
      Important Points for Future Business
                                             are a number of points to consider. The first is our goal of
    Keeping Consumers Engaged               keeping consumers who have purchased or plan to
     and Continuing to Play
                                             purchase Nintendo Switch engaged and playing with
    Encouraging Purchases                   Nintendo Switch.
     by a Broader Range of Consumers




          1   Major New Titles               It is important that we deliver new titles in our key
                                             franchises to all game fans and Nintendo fans who
                                             purchased Nintendo Switch during the first year. That is
                                             why we announced in a Nintendo Direct presentation in
                                             March that we would release Super Smash Bros. (temp.)
                                             in 2018. We heard people clamoring for this series to
                                             come to Nintendo Switch, so the title announcement in
                                             March made a big splash.



                                             Mario Tennis Aces, due out on June 22, is another
                                             important title that meshes with the advantages of the
                                             Nintendo Switch hardware as a title that consumers can
                                             continue to enjoy in ways that fit their different styles of
                                             play "anytime, anywhere, with anyone."




                                                    4
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ended March 2018



 When you’re looking for casual fun                    and real depth in a competitive game
                                                                                                 This title is perfectly suited for the Joy-Con sharing
                                                       Sniping                   Acceleration
                                                                                                 feature of Nintendo Switch and people can begin
                                                                                                 competitive gameplay at anytime anywhere. There is a
                                                                                                 "swing mode" where the Joy-Con controllers can be used
                                                                                                 intuitively like a tennis racket using motion controls.
                                                                                 Story Mode
  Swing Mode
                                                                                                 There is also a "story mode" for a different kind of single-
                                                                                                 player tennis fun. Plus there will be events designed to
                                                                                                 promote online battles as a way to keep up interest in the
                                                                                                 title. This is a broadly accessible title that anyone can
                                                                                                 pick up a play, but it also offers a tactical depth that can
                                                                                                 keep players challenged. This is one of the titles we
                                                                                                 expect will play a key role during this fiscal year.




                             Encouraging Longer                                                  We are providing more downloadable content and hosting
                   2
                             Play of a Single Title
                                                                                                 events that build excitement for our games to give
                                                                                 2018
                                                                                                 consumers a fresh sense of enjoyment and extend the
                                                                                                 time they spend playing the titles they have purchased.

           Weekly trend in number of consoles with registered
                                                                                                 The way Splatoon 2 is being played in Japan is an
           Nintendo Accounts connected to the network to play Splatoon 2

         Jul      Aug         Sep         Oct        Nov         Dec       Jan    Feb      Mar   example of how efforts on the game software side can
                Trend in Weekly Active Users (in Japan)
                                                                                                 also impact the use of the hardware. The vertical axis of
                                                                                                 this graph depicts the number of active users over the
                                                                                                 passage of time across the horizontal axis. Normally,
                                                                                                 hardware use tends to drop off to a certain extent after
                                                                                                 the holiday season, but with Splatoon 2, the weekly
                                                                                                 number of active users remained high even beyond the
                                                                                                 start of the new year. Activity in Splatoon 2 is particularly
                                                                                                 high in Japan, but that same trend is now also being seen
                                                                                                 in other markets, so we intend to continue to focus on
                                                                                                 this area.


                                                                                                 Octo Expansion for Splatoon 2 will be available this
                                                                                                 summer as a major paid add-on content release. It will
                                                                                                 give consumers who purchased this title even more ways
                                                                                                 to enjoy the game.




                                                                                                        5
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ended March 2018



                                                                           For titles like ARMS and Splatoon 2, we have had large
                                                                           turnouts worldwide at Nintendo-hosted game contests
                                                                           and events that bring game characters to life in the real
                                                                           world.


           Getting Fan Communities Fired Up
           with Game Contests and Other Events




                                                                           For fans, game contests are more than just a place where
                                                                           they put their practiced skills to the test in gameplay. It is
                                                                           also a place where many people can come together
                                                                           through a single game to socialize and feel the energy of
                                                                           the community. And the gathering, in turn, fuels
           Getting Fan Communities Fired Up                                excitement in the game. We intend to continue to
           with Game Contests and Other Events
                                                                           investigate fun projects, including these sorts of
                                                                           experiences that go beyond gameplay, to keep as many
                                                                           consumers as possible interested in our products and
                                                                           enjoying individual games far into the future.

                                                                           Nintendo Switch Online, a paid subscription service that
                                                                           will expand the online functionality of Nintendo Switch,
                                                                           will begin in September of this year. The service will
                                                                           provide consumers with a richness of online features that
                                                                           allow them to continuously enjoy Nintendo Switch. More
                Service is slated to begin
                   in September 2018                                       information will be presented on our website in early May.




    3                                                                      Consumers who are members of My Nintendo receive
          Points Program For Shopping Deals
                                                                           Gold Points when purchasing Nintendo Switch games and
                                                                           add-on content. Starting in March, consumers can use

                                                  1 Point = 1 Yen
                                                                           each accumulated Gold Point as one yen when
                                                  Collect the following
                                                  amount of points based
                                                  on purchase price
                                                                           purchasing Nintendo Switch downloadable software, add-
                                                                           on content, and subscriptions. This points program
  Download Purchases          Packaged Version Purchases
                                                                           encourages consumers to play new games while offering
                                                                           them the sense that they are saving on purchases.


                                                                                    6
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ended March 2018



                                                                             Note: Gold Points can be used for purchases on Nintendo
                                                                             eShop for Nintendo Switch and on the Nintendo website.
                                                                             The My Nintendo points program has been revamped
                                                                             worldwide, which means that in the US market, for
                                                                             example, each Gold Point is worth 1 cent when making
                                                                             purchases.


                                                                             To further expand the installed base of Nintendo Switch
         Important Points for Future Business
                                                                             moving forward, another important point will be to see a
    ⚫ Keeping Consumers Engaged                                              wider range of consumers purchase Nintendo Switch.
      and Continuing to Play

    ⚫ Encouraging Purchases
      by a Broader Range of Consumers




     1
          Expanding Circle of Smiles                                         The response to the Nintendo Switch concept of being
          Through Consumer Play Experiences
                                                                             able to play anytime, anywhere, with anyone has been
                                                                             adopted by our consumers at speeds that exceeded our
                                                                             expectations. However, there are still consumers who do
                                                                             not yet know about the unique features of Nintendo
                                                                             Switch. The value and appeal of Nintendo Switch is
 Due to expiration of the term of use,
 we have removed certain images that were included at the time of release.
                                                                             becoming more broadly known as consumers take it out
                                                                             and play in a wide variety of scenarios. These types of
                                                                             experiences have the potential of broadening the
                                                                             Nintendo Switch installed base, even among consumers
                                                                             who did not think Nintendo Switch would be for them.



                                                                             Fortunately, there are already plenty of key Nintendo
                                                                             titles available that maximize the appeal of Nintendo
                                                                             Switch. I have already mentioned how consumers who
                                                                             have purchased Nintendo Switch are able to enjoy these
                                                                             titles for a long time. The continued buzz among these
                                                                             consumers gives new consumers more chances to learn
                                                                             about these titles.




                                                                                    7
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ended March 2018



                                                Games that are available now like 1-2-Switch and ARMS
                                                offer gameplay experiences that are unique to Nintendo
                                                Switch, and they allow larger groups to have fun together.
                                                We are learning from the sales growth of these titles to
                                                further our ability to expand our consumer base and to
                                                grow unit sales even more.




     A Continual Stream of Titles
  2 From Publishers New to Nintendo Platforms
                                                There are also titles being released by publishers who
                                                had previously not been seen on Nintendo platforms, such
                                                as The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim from Bethesda Softworks.
                                                When these publishers release their titles for Nintendo
                                                Switch, their sales grow. Even for titles that were already
                                                available on other companies' platforms, it seems that
                                                consumers are experiencing new ways to have fun when
                                                those titles are combined with the unique hardware
                                                features of Nintendo Switch. These publishers are
                                                preparing new ideas for consumers who purchased
                                                Nintendo Switch so they could enjoy these types of titles.



       Many Unique Titles Being Released        A wide variety of publishers of all sizes from regions
       By Publishers Of All Sizes
                                                around the globe including indie developers have been on
                                                board since the release of Nintendo Switch, thanks to the
                                                early availability of a development environment. The
                                                number of titles available for purchase on Nintendo
                                                eShop from publishers stood at over 600 titles as of the
                                                end of March 2018. This pace of availability on Nintendo
                                                eShop is over 10 times the rate seen for the same period
                                                after the Nintendo 3DS launch. We see this as an
                                                expression of how the new approach of Nintendo Switch
                                                is resonating with publishers around the world. And we
                                                expect this trend to continue. Indie developers have
                                                realized ideas that utilize the special features of the
                                                Nintendo Switch hardware, and their unique features of
                                                gameplay and operability have won praise from
                                                consumers and the media alike.
                                                       8
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ended March 2018



                                                       Note: The number of titles is the total number of titles
                                                       available from Nintendo eShop sites around the world.
                                                       Localized titles are not counted as separate titles.

 Early Appearance of Nintendo Switch Success Stories   Several titles from these indie developers have remained
                                                       at the top of the download rankings. One example is
                                                       Rocket League, which was released last November. This
                      Psyonix
                                                       title is now also available as a packaged version in
                                                       markets outside of Japan and many people have enjoyed
                                                       its game play around the world. Another example is
        Chucklefish                 Team17
                                                       Stardew Valley, which is heading for global sales of 1
                                                       million units after being released last October in the US
                                                       and Europe, and then in Japan at the start of this year.
                                                       And Overcooked: Special Edition, which was released last
                                                       summer in Japan and other markets, has already sold over
                                                       a half-million units. All of these titles were released for
                                                       other companies' platforms before ever being available for
                                                       Nintendo Switch, so it seems consumers have recognized
                                                       how well they fit with the "anytime, anywhere, with
                                                       anyone" concept of Nintendo Switch.
                                                       Titles from indie developers have a particular presence in
                                                       the North American and European markets. Compared to
                                                       other parts of the world, there is still work to be done in
                                                       Japan to expand awareness of titles from indie
                                                       developers. We want to give as many consumers as
                                                       possible the chance to find the kinds of games they have
                                                       always wanted to play. By expanding the game genres
                                                       and increasing the number of game titles, we anticipate
                                                       more interest from consumers who originally had little
                                                       interest in Nintendo platforms.


                                                       As software publishers release more titles in a wider
                                                       range of genres, the Game News feature of Nintendo
                                                       Switch provides one way for consumers to encounter the
                                                       games they want to purchase next. Game-related
                                                       announcements are delivered basically daily to Nintendo
                                                       Switch while it is connected to the Internet, both from
  Opportunities to Learn About New Games
                                                       Nintendo and from third-party publishers. With Game
                                                       News, consumers can read articles and jump immediately

                                                              9
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ended March 2018



                                           to Nintendo eShop to make a purchase if something looks
                                           interesting. We find that a considerable percentage of
                                           consumers who play Nintendo Switch also browse
                                           through Game News posts. With the version update we
                                           have made various improvements, including a way to
                                           follow channels. With this addition, consumers can
                                           choose to directly get information from publishers about
                                           the games they are playing and about games they are
                                           interested in.


       Moving Beyond the Traditional       In addition, Nintendo is providing a new kind of play with
   3   Boundaries of Gaming
       to Reach an Even Wider Audience     Nintendo Labo, which people have been calling a "very
                                           Nintendo" kind of product. We intend to nurture Nintendo
                                           Labo into one of our staple products that provide an
                                           experience that is unique to Nintendo Switch, and reach a
                                           broad global audience encompassing not just traditional
                                           video game fans, but also people who heretofore had no
                                           interest in video games.




                                           Next, we will discuss Nintendo 3DS.




                                           The Nintendo 3DS family of systems has reached a global
                                           cumulative series sell-in of 72 million units to a broad
                                           array of consumers.


             Series Cumulative Sell-In
              72 Million Units




                                                 10
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ended March 2018



                                                            Nintendo 3DS boasts a rich lineup of game software, with
                                                            more than 1,000 titles across a wide variety of genres.

           A Software Lineup in a Wide Variety of Genres,

          With More Than 1,000 Titles                       Note: This number includes both packaged and
                                                            download-only software.




                                                            We will continue the Nintendo 3DS business by
    Continue Business                                       leveraging its installed base and rich software library. We

    Backed by Scale of                                      believe it is important to leverage the rich library of
                                                            Nintendo 3DS series titles to drive sales with existing
    Market Uptake and
                                                            Nintendo 3DS owners as well as with consumers who
    Ample Software Lineup                                   recently purchased the Nintendo 3DS hardware, and are
                                                            investigating strategies for doing so.




                                                            In addition to the titles currently on sale, we have
  April                 June                    July
                                                            announced the coming release of the titles shown here.
                                                            We are even preparing new software for release in 2019
                                                            and beyond. Our plan is to continue maintaining this
  August                2018                    2019
                                                            business by taking advantage of new titles like these.

    WarioWare Gold




                                                            The next topic is our smart-device business.



       Smart-Device Business




                                                                  11
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ended March 2018



                                                                                                                           Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp was released in October of
                                • Breakdown of Active Users
                                                                                                                           last year, and many people have played the game since
                                                           Male
                                                                                                                           then, especially adult women. Moving forward, we will
                                                                 Female
                                                                                                                           make updates to add game content and continue to hold

                                • Continuously Adding
                                                                                                                           weekly events. Television commercials will air in Japan as
                                  Game Content                                                                             well. We intend to continue to improve the service in ways
               Artwork to be      Hosting Weekly Events
               replaced

                                                                                                                           that make the game more fun for consumers, all the while
                                                                                                                           considering how this title contributes to revenue.


                               Many                             Total Download Count
                                                                                                                           The number of Super Mario Run downloads continues to
                                                                                                                           grow, despite the fact that it was released over a year ago

                                Few 0
                                                                                                                           now. This title is maintaining a base of approximately 20
                                           Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar

                               Many
                                                                  Monthly Active Users
                                                                                                                           million monthly active users. And as one of our evergreen
                                                                                                                           titles for smart devices, we will continue to look to it as a
                                Few 0
                                           Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar
                                                                                                                           way to maximize the number of people who have access
                                                   “Monthly Active Users” refers to the number of unique users launching
                                                   the application at least once per month.
                                                                                                                           to Nintendo IP across an expanding number of consumers
                                                                                                                           worldwide.


                               Many
                                                                                Total Net Sales
                                                                                                                           Fire Emblem Heroes became available in Hong Kong,
                                                                                                                           Taiwan, Macao, Thailand, and Singapore as of November
                                Few
                                       0
                                           Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar
                                                                                                                           of last year, and this February marked the one-year
                                              Overseas Percentage of Sales
                                                                                                                           anniversary of the application’s release. We have been
                               Japan                             47%                44%                 42%

                                                                                                                           able to keep our active users while expanding the user
                                             53%



                               Overseas
                                            47%                53%                 56%                58%

                                           FY03/2018        FY03/2018           FY03/2018          FY03/2018
                                                                                                                           base, and sales have continued to grow without slowing.
                                              Q1                  Q2                 Q3                  Q4

                                                                                                                           One might expect the Fire Emblem series to be most
                                                                                                                           popular within Japan, but for Fire Emblem Heroes the
                                                                                                                           share of overseas sales is steadily growing. Moving
                                                                                                                           forward, we will work to continually expand on measures
                                                                                                                           designed to excite consumers.


                                                                                                                           For the smart-device business, we will continue the
            Smart-Device Business
                                                                                                                           services for existing applications while also releasing new
    •   Maintain Service for Existing Titles, and
        Release New Titles to Increase Our Presence                                                                        applications in order to increase Nintendo’s presence in
    •   Get Specific Responses to Expanding
        the Number of People Who Have Access to
                                                                                                                           this business. The efforts we have made to date have
        Nintendo IP
                                                                                                                           yielded certain responses to our goal of expanding the
    •   Make an Even Larger Contribution to
        Profitability in the Future                                                                                        number of people who have access to Nintendo IP. Even
                                                                                                                           so, we have not reached a satisfactory profit point yet, so
                                                                                                                           our goal is to further expand the scale of this business to
                                                                                                                           develop it into one of the pillars of revenue.
                                                                                                                                 12
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ended March 2018



                                                                                  Today, we announced the partnership with Cygames for a
                                                                                  new gaming application for smart devices, aiming to bring
                                                                                  to life the shared vision of a new gaming experience with
                                                                                  worldwide appeal. As a result of this partnership,
                                                                                  Nintendo will release Dragalia Lost, an all-new original
                                                                                  gaming application, in the summer of 2018, starting with
                                                                                  Japan, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau. With the support
                                                                                  of Nintendo’s group companies, it will launch in North
                                                                                  America and Europe as well. The game was designed by
                                                                                  Cygames and co-developed with Nintendo. Both
                                                                                  companies will jointly operate the game. More
                                                                                  information about the game content will be announced on
                                                                                  the website today (* not in English). For the purpose of
                                                                                  facilitating the partnership, Nintendo will obtain
                                                                                  approximately 5 percent of Cygames’s issued stocks
                                                                                  mainly through a third party allocation of its treasury
                                                                                  stock.


                                                                                  In addition to the titles already described for the smart-
                                                                                  device business, we also plan to release Mario Kart Tour
                                                                                  as a Mario Kart application for smart devices during this
                                                                                  fiscal year (April 2018 - March 2019). We will work to
                                                                                  continuously expand our business through these titles.
                                                      Release Planned in
            Summer 2018*                               This Fiscal Year
  *starting with Japan, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Makau   (April 2018 - March 2019)




                                                                                  During the fiscal year ending March 2019, we plan to
                                                                                  drive results by positioning Nintendo Switch, which is
                                                                                  expanding its installed base, at the core of our business,
                                                                                  as well as through the continuation of the Nintendo 3DS
                                                                                  business, and by expanding the scale of our smart-device
                                                                                  business. We will also move forward with our goal of
                                                                                  expanding the number of people who have access to
                                                                                  Nintendo IP.
                                                                                  And finally, the video game tradeshow E3 will be held in
                                                                                  Los Angeles this June. Again this year, Nintendo will not
                                                                                  be hosting a large-scale press conference for institutional
                                                                                  investors, analysts and the media. Instead, we plan to
                                                                                           13
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ended March 2018



                                             continue our practice from the past few years of utilizing
                                             a video presentation to introduce the games that are
                                             planned for release during the year.
                                             The Nintendo booth at E3 will offer attendees a chance to
                                             try some of our own titles, including the Super Smash
                                             Bros. title for Nintendo Switch that we announced the
                                             other day, plus Nintendo Switch titles from other
                                             publishers. At
                                              another venue in Los Angeles, we will host the Splatoon
                                             2 World Championship, in which teams that won their
                                             regional qualifiers will compete. We will also host an
                                             invitational tournament for the new Super Smash Bros.
                                             title coming to Nintendo Switch.


                                             This concludes our presentation.
                                             Thank you very much.


      Thank you very much.




Disclaimers
The contents of this briefing as well as of the accompanying documents and materials are based
upon the information available and the judgments which can be made at the time of the
announcement. Nintendo is not responsible for updating or changing these materials if the
information presented changes due to future circumstances or for other reasons.
Also, forecasts referred to in this briefing and accompanying documents and materials involve known
and unknown risks and uncertainties. Please note that such risks and uncertainties may cause actual
results to be materially different from the forecasts.



                                                    14
