Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2018

                                                              Thank you for making time to attend Nintendo’s
                                                              corporate management policy briefing. I am Tatsumi
             Nintendo Co., Ltd.                               Kimishima, President of Nintendo.
              Corporate Management
                                                              Mr. Furukawa, General Manager of the Corporate
                  Policy Briefing
                                                              Planning Department, has just presented our
    President and Representative Director Tatsumi Kimishima
                                                              financial results for this period.



                                                              Our basic strategy remains unchanged. We seek to
                 Basic Strategy
                                                              expand the number of people who have access to
                                                              Nintendo IP. Here I will describe the state of
   Expanding the number of people
                                                              Nintendo's business in line with this basic direction
   who have access to Nintendo IP
                                                              and the future outlook.




                                                              Let's begin with the status of the Nintendo Switch
                                                              business.




                                                              First let me talk about last year's holiday season. At
                                                              last year's financial results briefing in October, I
                                                              noted that the big challenge for Nintendo Switch in
                              The Holiday                     its first holiday season was to gain the support of a
                              Season
                                                              wide range of consumers. I also noted that we
                                                              would expand production in order to supply the
                                                              product in stable quantities for the holiday season.
                                                              This was the result:

                                                              As we entered the holiday season, the installed base
        Momentum Picked Up                                    of Nintendo Switch hardware began expanding at an
        in the Holiday Season                                 accelerated pace around the world. Let me turn now
                                                              to a discussion of our primary markets.




                                                               1
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2018

                   North American Hardware Sell-Through                                                                                                              This graph shows changes in cumulative sell-
                       in the First Year After Release
         7         Wii                        Launched November 19, 2006
                                                                                                                                                                     through in the North American market following the
                   Wii U                      Launched November 18, 2012
         6                                                                                                     Nintendo Switch
         5
                   Nintendo Switch Launched March 3, 2017
                                                                                                                                                                     release of Nintendo Switch. The sell-through figures
                                                                                                                                                           Wii
         4
         3                                                                                                                                                           for Wii and Wii U in their first years after launch are
         2                                                                                                                                         Wii U
         1                                                                                                                                                           superimposed on the graph. Keep in mind that Wii
         0
   (million
   units)
              W1   W3   W5   W7   W9
                                       W11   W13   W15   W17   W19   W21   W23   W25   W27   W29   W31   W33   W35   W37   W39   W41   W43   W45   W47   W49   W51   and Wii U were released during the holiday season,
                                                                                                                                             Source: Nintendo



                                                                                                                                                                     whereas Nintendo Switch was released in March,
                                                                                                                                                                     meaning that the timing of the release differed from
                                                                                                                                                                     the timing of the holiday season. As you can see, the
                                                                                                                                                                     pace of Nintendo Switch sales, depicted by the red
                                                                                                                                                                     line, picked up substantially during the holiday
                                                                                                                                                                     season. Because the Nintendo Switch launch was
                                                                                                                                                                     not timed to the holiday season, you cannot make a
                                                                                                                                                                     simple comparison between platforms. However,
                                                                                                                                                                     Nintendo Switch is establishing itself at a record
                                                                                                                                                                     pace, with the first 10 months of sales in North
                                                                                                                                                                     America exceeding even those for Wii, which had
                                                                                                                                                                     been our previous fastest-selling home console.


                             European Hardware Sell-Through                                                                                                          These are the figures for the European market. In
                               in the First Year After Release
         5          Wii                        Launched December 8, 2006
                                                                                                                                                                     the European market, Nintendo Switch sales grew
                    Wii U                      Launched November 30, 2012
         4          Nintendo Switch Launched March 3, 2017                                                 Nintendo Switch
                                                                                                                                                           Wii
                                                                                                                                                                     substantially during the holiday season, exhibiting a
         3

         2
                                                                                                                                                                     momentum comparable with Wii.
                                                                                                                                                   Wii U
         1

         0
              W1   W3   W5   W7   W9
                                       W11   W13   W15   W17   W19   W21   W23   W25   W27   W29   W31   W33   W35   W37   W39   W41   W43   W45   W47   W49   W51
   (million
   units)
                                                                                                                                             Source: Nintendo




                             Japanese Hardware Sell-Through                                                                                                          These are the figures for the Japanese domestic
                               in the First Year After Release
         5          Wii                        Launched December 2, 2006
                                                                                                                                                                     market. In the domestic market in Japan, we were
                    Wii U                      Launched December 8, 2012
                                                                                                               Nintendo Switch
         4          Nintendo Switch Launched March 3, 2017

                                                                                                                                                           Wii
                                                                                                                                                                     able to deliver strong supply for the holiday season,
         3

         2
                                                                                                                                                                     and sales increased dramatically.
                                                                                                                                                   Wii U
         1

         0
              W1   W3   W5   W7   W9
                                       W11   W13   W15   W17   W19   W21   W23   W25   W27   W29   W31   W33   W35   W37   W39   W41   W43   W45   W47   W49   W51
   (million
   units)
                                                                                                                                       Source: Media Create




                                                                                                                                                                      2
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2018
 ※ As of 12/31: Sell-in of 940,000 units in Hong Kong, Taiwan, Asian distributors, Latin America



                                                                                                                                                  Nintendo Switch was released in March of last year
            Cumulative Sell-Through                                                                                                               and surpassed the cumulative global sell-through
           Surpasses 13 Million Units                                                                                                             milestone of 10 million units in early December. The
                                                                                                                                                  number now exceeds 13 million. The results for the
                                                                                                                                                  first holiday season exceeded our expectations.

                                                             ※ Does not include sell-through in some regions, including Asia and Latin America.




                                                                                                                                                  Nintendo Switch is a video game system that offers
                                                                                                                                                  a new kind of experience, summarized by the
                                                                                                                                                  concept of a system that can be played anytime,
                                                                                                                                                  anywhere, and with anyone. It is a home gaming
                                                                                                                                                  system that can be taken out on the go. By sharing
                                                                                                                                                  the Joy-Con controllers, you can begin to play a
                                                                                                                                                  game immediately at any time with anyone,
                                                                                                                                                  anywhere.
                                                                                                                                                  In Europe, a campaign was launched last year to
                                                                                                                                                  encourage people to post images on Twitter about
                                                                                                                                                  their play with Nintendo Switch using the hashtag
                                                                                                                                                  #OnlyOnSwitch. The pictures you are viewing are
                                                                                                                                                  from that promotion. We see consumers enjoying
                                                                                                                                                  Nintendo Switch in places and in ways unimaginable
                                                                                                                                                  before, to fit different styles of play.


                                                                                                                                                  This supports the notion that behind the sales
                                                                                                                                                  momentum is the fact that the Nintendo Switch
                                                                                                                                                  hardware is unlike any video game system to date,
                                                                                                                                                  with unique features appreciated by people around
                                                                                                                                                  the world.




                     Three Titles Pass                                                                                                            Next let's talk about software. In the first year of
                  the 6-Million-Unit Mark                                                                                                         Nintendo Switch, sell-through has already exceeded
                                                                                                                                                  6 million units for three separate game titles, and
                                                                                                                                                  their sales continue to grow.




                                                                                                                                                   3
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2018

                                                                                                                                                                 Sell-through for The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the
                                                                         Sell-through of                                                                        Wild, released in March of last year, has reached 6
                                                                          6 million units
                                                                                                                                                                 million units for the Nintendo Switch version alone,
                                                                         Applauded worldwide
                                                                                                                                                                 and 7.5 million units total when you include the Wii
                                                                          to a string of awards
                                                                          for best game                                                                          U version, released at the same time. The game has
                                                                          released in 2017
                                                                                                                                                                 received accolades from game media and
                                                                            ※ Does not include sell-through in some regions, including Asia and Latin America.
                                                                                                                                                                 consumers around the world and has won a variety
                                                                                                                                                                 of awards as the best game of 2017.


                                                                                                                                                                 Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, released in April of last year,
  Sell-through of                                                                                                                                               has achieved a sell-through of more than 6.5 million
   6.5 million units
                                                                                                                                                                 units. This title is an easy way to give users the
  A title to readily
                                                                                                                                                                 opportunity to experience Joy-Con sharing, which is
   experience the special
   Nintendo Switch feature                                                                                                                                       one of the special features of Nintendo Switch. You
   of Joy-Con sharing
                                                                                                                                                                 can see from the postings on social media how fun
 ※ Does not include sell-through in some regions, including Asia and Latin America.
                                                                                                                                                                 it is for people to get together and share the
                                                                                                                                                                 controllers to play Mario Kart 8 Deluxe.


                                                                                                                                                                 Super Mario Odyssey, released in October of last
                                                                         Sell-through of
                                                                                                                                                                 year, has achieved a sell-through of more than 7.5
                                                                          7.5 million units
                                                                                                                                                                 million units. This title has enjoyed explosive growth
                                                                         The top-selling
                                                                          Nintendo Switch title,                                                                 in sales alongside the Nintendo Switch system since
                                                                          enjoying explosive                                                                     its release, and is currently the top-selling software
                                                                          sales since its release
                                                                          in October                                                                             title for Nintendo Switch.
                                                                            ※ Does not include sell-through in some regions, including Asia and Latin America.




                                                                                                                                                                 In addition, there is Splatoon 2, released in July of
            Sell-through of 4.5 million units                                                                                                                   last year, whose sell-through numbers have grown
            Surpassed sell-through                                                                                                                              past 4.5 million units to already exceed the sell-
             of the Wii U title Splatoon
                                                                                                                                                                 through for its predecessor, Splatoon for Wii U. This
            A driver of system sales
             in the Japanese market,                                                                                                                             title has served to drive sales of the Nintendo
             with attach rate of around 60%
                                                                                                                                                                 Switch hardware particularly in the Japanese
 ※ Does not include sell-through in some regions, including Asia and Latin America.
                                                                                                                                                                 market, where it has an attach rate of approximately
                                                                                                                                                                 60% for all system sales.


                                                                                                                                                                 Note: The console attach rate is calculated by
                                                                                                                                                                 dividing the total software sell-through by the total
                                                                                                                                                                 hardware sell-through.
                                                                                                                                                                  4
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2018

                                                Let's turn to the future prospects for the Nintendo
                                                Switch business.

                       Looking
                       Forward




           Important Points                     Nintendo Switch is now in a phase of expanding
          for Future Business                   adoption, and our business focus moving forward
                                                must consider approaches for both those who have
    Maintaining Interest for Purchasers
                                                already purchased Nintendo Switch and those
    Encouraging Purchases                       considering a purchase.
    by a Broader Range of Consumers
                                                A primary objective will be to maintain the interest
                                                of consumers who have already purchased Nintendo
                                                Switch to encourage their continued gameplay. And
                                                to further expand our base, it will be critical to see a
                                                wider range of consumers purchase Nintendo
                                                Switch.




    Driving Hardware Sales with the Early       We were able to offer multiple hit titles early on for
         Release of Multiple Hit Titles
                                                Nintendo Switch that serve as powerful drivers for
                                                hardware sales. These kinds of titles can broaden
                                                the user base for the hardware and help sustain
                                                hardware sales. I mentioned the sales numbers for
                                                these different titles, but the release of multiple hit
                                                titles at the time of the launch of new hardware has
                                                significance beyond the mere fact that certain
                                                numbers of units were sold for individual titles.




                                                 5
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2018

     Console Attach Rate for Nintendo Software Titles                                       Take a look at this graph. It charts the console
                   (Japan /US/Europe)
               0%   10%   20%   30%   40%   50%   60%   70%     80%        90%       100%
                                                                                            attach rates for the top four Nintendo software titles
                                                                                            for Nintendo Switch. For comparison, there is a

               0%   10%   20%   30%   40%   50%   60%   70%     80%       90%        100%
                                                                                            graph for sales after the same amount of time had
                                                                                            elapsed for Wii. Wii Sports was an explosive trigger
                                                                                            for Wii sales. Wii Sports was bundled with the Wii
                                                          Source: Nintendo, Media Create



                                                                                            console in the North American and European
                                                                                            markets.



     Console Attach Rate for Nintendo Software Titles                                       Graying out the bundled portion of Wii Sports sales
                   (Japan /US/Europe)
               0%   10%   20%   30%   40%   50%   60%   70%     80%        90%       100%
                                                                                            yields the results shown. The blue remainder
                                                                                            represents the ratio of stand-alone Wii Sports

               0%   10%   20%   30%   40%   50%   60%   70%     80%       90%        100%
                                                                                            software sales to total hardware sales in Japan, the
                                                                                            US, and Europe.
                                                                                            As you can see, there were multiple Nintendo
                                                          Source: Nintendo, Media Create



                                                                                            software titles available early on for Nintendo
                                                                                            Switch, with high attach rates. The expectation is
                                                                                            that these software titles will drive hardware sales
                                                                                            over the long term and will have long sales lives
                                                                                            themselves as the hardware continues to sell.
                                                                                            The presence of multiple popular titles for a game
                                                                                            machine influences the purchasing decisions of
                                                                                            people considering Nintendo Switch. And
                                                                                            consumers who have already bought Nintendo
                                                                                            Switch look at these popular titles as candidates for
                                                                                            their second and third software purchases. This
                                                                                            current state serves as a powerful booster for our
                                                                                            hopes of further growth in Nintendo Switch sales in
                                                                                            the medium term.




                                                                                             6
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2018

                                                We have other Nintendo software titles already for
                                                sale that demonstrate the uniqueness of Nintendo
                                                Switch gameplay. During the year-end holiday
                                                season, people worldwide had fun playing 1-2-
                                                Switch even if they were not players of regular video
                                                games. ARMS, a fighting game using a Joy-Con
                                                controller in each hand, is so intuitive to operate the
                                                even kids can play, but deep enough to satisfy even
                                                experienced gamers. Our aim is to offer more
                                                software options to spark interest in Nintendo
                                                Switch among consumers considering a purchase.




                                                To promote longer gameplay for individual software
   Toward Longer Gameplay
   with a Single Software Title                 titles, we plan to implement even more
                                                downloadable content and events that build
                                                excitement for games.




                                                Next let's talk about Nintendo Switch Online, the
                                                paid subscription service that expands the online
                                                functionality of the Nintendo Switch. We reported
                                                previously that the service would launch in 2018,
                                                and now the official start time has been set to
      Services Slated to Begin
        in September 2018                       September 2018. Work is progressing on ways to
                                                further heighten the gaming experience for
                                                consumers. Details will be made available as they
                                                are finalized.




                                                 7
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2018

                                                  Looking ahead at the next stage for Nintendo and
          Nintendo Labo,
        a New Form of Play                        Nintendo Switch, we believe we need to offer very
                                                  Nintendo-like “new forms of play.” One of those
                                                  efforts is Nintendo Labo, which we announced just
                                                  the other day.



                                                  (Refer to the presentation materials (First Look at
                                                  Nintendo Labo, January 18, 2018(JST)) )




   January 18 (JST) First Look at Nintendo Labo



                                                  Consumers around the world who watched this
                                                  video had generally favorable responses, including
                                                  some who voiced delighted surprise that Nintendo
                                                  had once again done the unexpected.
  Positive reactions from all over the world      The release is set for April, so this was just a teaser
  Moving beyond the traditional boundaries
            of gaming to reach out                to unveil the product. We will introduce the full
          to an even wider audience
                                                  particulars for Nintendo Labo over the course of the
                                                  weeks ahead through hands-on events and a variety
                                                  of promotional activities by Nintendo.
                                                  The response by families to the Nintendo Labo
                                                  Studio hands-on events has been tremendous. In
                                                  just the four days following the release of the
                                                  Nintendo Labo video, applications outstripped
                                                  spaces 50 fold in the US. The ratio of applications to
                                                  spaces was extremely high in other markets as well.
                                                  We are very thankful for this response from families
                                                  around the world. We are also looking forward to
                                                  directly experiencing the responses of consumers to
                                                  the hands-on events.
                                                  Nintendo Labo is a product intended to broaden the
                                                  possibilities of Nintendo Switch. We hope to develop
                                                  Nintendo Labo into a product that is not bound by
                                                  the conventional boundaries of video games, and
                                                  that endears itself to an even broader range of
                                                  consumers.
                                                   8
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2018

                                                                     New software titles will be released for Nintendo
                                                                     Switch to satisfy everyone, from our game fans to
                                                                     family gamers.
            Future Software Lineup




                                                                     As shown, from February onward we will be
    Feb                              Mar
                                                                     releasing a wide variety of new software titles one
                                                                     after the next.
    Apr                              May




   Spring                           2018

                                                         (temp.)




 Early and Full Adoption for Software Titles from Other Publishers   More than 300 software titles are already available
                                                                     for Nintendo Switch from other software publishers.
                                                                     Early participation of many publishers has led to the
                                                                     release of software titles in a wide variety of genres.




 Early and Full Adoption for Software Titles from Other Publishers   In addition to the packaged titles available in stores,
                                                                     many unique download-only titles have been
                                                                     released in Nintendo eShop, providing consumers
                                                                     with an even wider selection of software titles.




 Some of the Other Publisher Titles to Be Released Moving Forward
                                                                     We believe that the availability of software titles will
                                                                     continue to accelerate as a result of the widespread
                                                                     acceptance of Nintendo Switch by other software
                                                                     publishers. In addition to the software titles you see
                                                                     here, a string of titles in a wide variety of genres will
                                                                     be released in the future.


                                                                      9
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2018

                                                                                                                                                                                       Next, I will discuss the status of Nintendo 3DS.




                                                           Total Hardware Sell-Through                                                                                                 This graph shows changes in Nintendo 3DS
                                                          for Japan, the US, and Europe
              8

              7                                                                                                                                    2015
                                                                                                                                                                                       hardware sell-through, as a total for the Japanese,
              6                                                                                                                                   2016

              5
                                                                                                                                                                                2017   US, and European markets combined. Although
              4
                                                                                                                                                                                       sales are trending lower than last year, the results
              3

              2                                                                                                                                                                        from our seventh holiday season sales have
              1

              0
                  W1   W3   W5   W7   W9
                                                                                                                                                                                       maintained stable levels. As explained during the
                                           W11   W13   W15   W17   W19   W21   W23   W25   W27    W29   W31   W33   W35   W37   W39   W41   W43   W45   W47   W49   W51   W53
     (million
     units)
                                                                                                                                Source: Nintendo, Media Create
                                                                                                                                                                                       financial results briefing in October of last year, the
                                                                                                                                                                                       Nintendo 3DS family of hardware has continued to
                                                                                                                                                                                       sell steadily without significant fall-off, even after
                                                                                                                                                                                       the release of Nintendo Switch.




                                                       Software Sell-Through Figures                                                                                                   This graph shows Nintendo 3DS software sell-
                                                                                                                                                                                       through figures for 2017 compared against the two
                  Japan                                                          US                                                         Europe
                                                                                                                                                                                       previous years. Overall totals for 2017 were down
     10                                                  10                                                               10

                                                                                                                                                                                       compared to 2016 when Pokémon Sun and
       5                                                     5                                                            5

                                                                                                                                                                                       Pokémon Moon had globally intense sales levels,
       0                                                     0                                                            0
   (million
   units)
              2015 2016 2017                           (million
                                                       units)
                                                                   2015 2016 2017                                   (million
                                                                                                                    units)
                                                                                                                                   2015 2016 2017
                                                                                                                                                                                       but exceeded 2015 in the US and European markets.
                                                                                                 First-party software only. Includes download versions.
                                                                                                                        Source: Nintendo, Media Create




                                                                                                                                                                                       10
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2018

                                                                                                                Let's turn to the future prospects for the Nintendo
                                                                                                                3DS family business.


                                   Looking
                                   Forward




                                                                                                                The Nintendo 3DS characteristics, price points, and
     Continue Business                                                                                          play styles differ from Nintendo Switch, and we
     Backed by Scale of                                                                                         intend to continue the Nintendo 3DS business
                                                                                                                separately and in parallel. We will continue to use
     Market Uptake and
                                                                                                                its installed base and rich software library in our
     Ample Software Lineup                                                                                      business.




      Nintendo 3DS Software Total Units Shipped Worldwide                                                       These figures represent the total number of units
             The numbers in the boxes represent the number of units shipped through Q3 of the
             fiscal year ending March 2018. *Units in 10 thousand
                                                                                                                shipped worldwide for key Nintendo 3DS titles. The
                                                                                                                numbers in the red boxes represent the number of
    +154                 +116                 +63                  +44                       +64
     1,676                1,243               1,159                  916                       562
                                                                                                                units shipped during the fiscal year ending March
                                                                                                                2018 alone. Shipment volume has increased this
     +50                 +44                 +45                   +61                       +59                year even for several titles that were released some
     1,177                 614                 575                1,605                         293


                                                                                                                time ago.
                                                                     Includes download versions and bundles.
                                                                                             Source: Nintendo




                                                                                                                Note: The number of units shipped for Animal
                                                                                                                Crossing: New Leaf includes units sold as Animal
                                                                                                                Crossing: New Leaf - Welcome amiibo.


                                            First-Party Software                                                This graph shows the percentage of 2017 first-party
                                            Sell-Through in 2017
              0%                25%               50%               75%                   100%                  software sell-through comprised by software
   Japanese
     国内市場
    Market
                                                                                                                released in or before 2016, broken out by region. It
    US
    米国市場                                                                                                        will give you a sense of how robust our current
   Market

  European
    欧州市場
                                                                                                                software lineup is.
   Market

                   2016年以前発売ソフト
                   Software released prior to 2017           2017年発売ソフト
                                                              Software released in 2017
                                                                      Includes download versions.
                                                                   Source: Nintendo, Media Create




                                                                                                                11
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2018

                                                A multitude of titles across a wide variety of genres
                                                have been released for Nintendo 3DS, creating one
                                                of the strongest lineups ever. We are, of course,
                                                continuing to develop new software, but we believe
                                                it is important to leverage the rich library of
                                                Nintendo 3DS series titles to drive sales with
                                                Nintendo 3DS owners, as well as consumers who
                                                recently purchased Nintendo 3DS hardware.


                                                The affordability of the Nintendo 3DS family of
                                                systems places it in a critical position as the first
                                                dedicated video game platform for children who
                                                have no prior experience with dedicated video game
                                                systems. It is also positioned as an affordable
                                                product for budget-conscious consumers. We will
                                                continue working to promote Nintendo 3DS to these
                                                consumers.



                                                Next we will discuss Nintendo Classic Editions.




                                                During fall of last year, we brought back the
                                                nostalgic Super Nintendo Entertainment System as
                                                a palm-sized home console. Super Nintendo
                                                Entertainment System: Super NES Classic Edition
                                                has reached 4 million units in global sell-through.
   Global sell-through 4 million units
                                                Note: This hardware is called the Nintendo Classic
                                                Mini: Super Famicom in Japan and the Nintendo
                                                Classic Mini: Super Nintendo Entertainment System
                                                in Europe and Australia.


                                                 12
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2018

                                                                    We have announced that we will resume production
                                                                    for NES Classic Edition this year. We plan to
                                                                    continue selling NES Classic Edition and Super NES
                                                                    Classic Edition this year. We view them as an
                                                                    opportunity to garner interest in Nintendo Switch
       Establish the products as a standard                         from those who have not interacted with video
         for first video game experiences
                                                                    games in a long time, or ever.


                                                                    Note: Nintendo Classic Mini: Family Computer is
                                                                    called Nintendo Entertainment System: NES Classic
                                                                    Edition in the US, and Nintendo Classic Mini:
                                                                    Nintendo Entertainment System in Europe and
                                                                    Australia.


                                                                    I will now talk about our smart-device business.

   Smart-Device Business




                                                                    We have three main goals when it comes to our
            Smart-Device Business
                                                                    smart-device business. We aim to utilize smart
   1 Maximize the Number of People Who Have Access to Nintendo IP
                                                                    devices as a platform to reach the maximum number
   2 Smart-Device Business Profitable on Its Own                    of consumers with our IP. We also hope to grow the
   3 Synergy with Dedicated Video Game System Business              smart-device business into a pillar of revenue for
                                                                    Nintendo. Furthermore, we aim to generate synergy
                                                                    with our dedicated video game systems to maximize
                                                                    the potential of our overall business strategies.
                                                                    Just as Super Mario Run particularly contributes to
                                                                    expanding the reach of Nintendo IP, each
                                                                    application has different characteristics and goals
                                                                    with respect to these overall business aims. Rather
                                                                    than achieving each of these aims with a single
                                                                    application, we are striving to use multiple
                                                                    applications to achieve these goals for the business
                                                                    as a whole.
                                                                    13
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2018

                  Many
                                                 LTD Download Count                                  In September of last year, Super Mario Run received
                                                                                                     a major update, version 3.0. At the financial results
                  Few 0
                                                                                                     briefing in October of last year, we reported that
                                Jul       Aug          Sep         Oct        Nov         Dec
                  Many
                                                 Monthly Active Users
                                                                                                     Super Mario Run had achieved 200 million total
                                                                                                     downloads, and the number of downloads has
                  Few 0
                                Jul       Aug          Sep         Oct        Nov         Dec
                                                                                                     continued to increase since then. We are
                                                                                                     maintaining a base of approximately 20 million
                      “Monthly Active Users” refers to the number of unique users launching the
                      application at least once per month.




                                                                                                     monthly active users. This game helps to maximize
                                                                                                     the number of people who have access to Nintendo
                                                                                                     IP by providing a Mario game that a wide variety of
                                                                                                     users around the world can enjoy.


                          High percentage of
                                                                                                     Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp was released in
                          active female users                                                        October of last year, and female players make up a
                                                                                                     high percentage of the user base, with the majority
                                        Male
                                                                                                     of these female users being adults. This title
                                                Female                                               sparked interest among many female consumers to
                                                                                                     pick up this smart-device application. Through
                                                                                                     continuous updates to add game content and hold
                                                                                                     weekly events, we aim to create a service that
                                                                                                     consumers can play daily, and that simultaneously
                                                                                                     contributes financially.


                  Many                                          LTD Net Sales
                                                                                                     In November of last year, Fire Emblem Heroes
                                                                                                     received a major update, version 2.0, enabling us to
                   Few 0
                                                                                                     maintain and grow the number of active users. We
                             Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec

                  Many
                                               Monthly Active Users                                  are also seeing continuous growth in terms of net
                                                                                                     sales. Tomorrow, February 2, is the one-year
                   Few 0
                              Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec
                                                                                                     anniversary of the application’s release. We are
                                                                                                     working on a variety of future initiatives for users to
                         “Monthly Active Users” refers to the number of unique users launching the
                         application at least once per month.




                                                                                                     enjoy, including a special campaign celebrating the
                                                                                                     application’s anniversary. We are also planning TV
                                                                                                     commercials.


                                                                                                     As you can see, we will continue to provide ongoing
                                                                                                     support for our existing smart-device applications.
                                                                                                     In addition, new smart-device applications are
                                                                                                     under development.


                                                                                                     14
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2018

                                                                                      We plan to release a smart-device application from
                                                                                      the Mario Kart franchise, Mario Kart Tour, during
                                                                                      the next financial year (from April 2018 to March
                                                                                      2019). We will announce further details at a later
                                                                                      date.
                                                 To be released
                                            during the next fiscal year
                                                          （April 2018 – March 2019）




                                                                                      Finally, I will speak about utilizing Nintendo IP.



           Utilizing Nintendo IP




                                                                                      As part of utilizing Nintendo IP, we hope to increase
                                                                                      visibility of Nintendo characters in the daily lives of
  Increase visibility of Nintendo IP,
                                                                                      our consumers and boost familiarity with the worlds
  and boost familiarity with the worlds
                                                                                      in games made by Nintendo as entertainment. By
  in games made by Nintendo
                                                                                      combining the effects of many such initiatives, we
  as entertainment
                                                                                      aim to create an engine of competitiveness in the
                                                                                      dedicated video game platform business and all of
                                                                                      our other businesses.




                                                                                      I will introduce several examples from 2017. The
                                                                                      winners of the UTGP T-shirt design competition
                                                                                      held in cooperation with Uniqlo were announced,
                                                                                      and their designs were sold in Uniqlo stores
                                                                                      worldwide.

    ©Nintendo
    ©2017 Pokémon.
    ©1995-2017 Nintendo/Creatures Inc. /GAME FREAK inc.
    ©HAL Laboratory, Inc. / Nintendo




                                                                                      15
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2018

                                                Kellogg released a breakfast cereal in the US that
                                                features Mario on the box. The box contains a new
                                                initiative, an amiibo tag with an NFC chip.




                                                Last year we also piloted the release of the main
                                                theme songs from game software on music
                                                distribution services, ahead of the release of the
                                                game software itself.




                                                In addition to these examples, we are engaging in
                                                other initiatives to boost opportunities for
                                                consumers to interact with Nintendo characters by
                                                increasing the number and variety of regional and
                                                worldwide collaborations with partner companies. In
                                                this way, we will continue seeking to raise the value
                                                of Nintendo IP and maximize the potential of our
                                                overall business strategies.




                                                 16
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2018

     Illumination and Nintendo Begin Development         Lastly, we will now introduce a new initiative to
 on Animated Film Based the World of Super Mario Bros.
                                                         effectively use Nintendo IP. We have started
                                                         development of an animated movie featuring “Super
                                                         Mario” with Illumination, the movie studio that
                                                         brought films such as “Despicable Me” and
          Chris Meledandri   Shigeru Miyamoto
                                                         “Minions.” For this project Mr. Chris Meledandri,
                                                         Founder and CEO of Illumination and Shigeru
                                                         Miyamoto, Representative Director, Fellow of
                                                         Nintendo will co-producing the film. The film will be
                                                         co-financed by Universal Pictures and Nintendo,
                                                         and distributed theatrically worldwide by Universal
                                                         Pictures.
                                                         Further announcements on details such as release
                                                         dates will be made at a later date. We look forward
                                                         to providing further information about the release
                                                         timing for this movie that we hope everyone will
                                                         enjoy.
                                                         As a part of our effort to expand Nintendo IP beyond
                                                         video games, we look forward to bringing smiles to
                                                         people around the world through this movie.


                                                         This concludes our presentation.
                                                         Thank you very much.


       Thank you very much.




Disclaimers
The contents of this briefing as well as of the accompanying documents and materials are based
upon the information available and the judgments which can be made at the time of the
announcement. Nintendo is not responsible for updating or changing these materials if the
information presented changes due to future circumstances or for other reasons.
Also, forecasts referred to in this briefing and accompanying documents and materials involve known
and unknown risks and uncertainties. Please note that such risks and uncertainties may cause actual
results to be materially different from the forecasts.




                                                         17
