Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

                                                              Thank you for making time to attend Nintendo’s
                                                              financial briefing. I am Tatsumi Kimishima,
              Nintendo Co., Ltd.                              President of Nintendo.
             Corporate Management
                 Policy Briefing                              Mr. Furukawa, General Manager of the Corporate
                                                              Planning Department, has just presented our
    President and Representative Director Tatsumi Kimishima

                                                              financial results for this period.




                                                              Our basic strategy remains unchanged. We seek to
                   Basic Strategy
                                                              expand the number of people who have access to
                                                              Nintendo IP.
     Expand the Number of People
    Who Have Access to Nintendo IP




                                                              Today I will be discussing three areas in which
             Presentation Outline
                                                              Nintendo is working to pursue that strategy. The
         1    Nintendo 3DS Sales                              three areas I will discuss are Nintendo 3DS sales
         2    Smart-Device Business                           and future business projections, smart-device
         3    Nintendo Switch Business                        business, and Nintendo Switch.




                                                              First, I will discuss the status of Nintendo 3DS. I will
                                                              cover the sales for the third quarter, including the
                                                              holiday season, as well as future business
                                                              projections.
     Sales and Future Business Projections




                                                               1
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

                                                                                                                We released two completely new entries in the
                                                                                                                Pokémon series, Pokémon Sun and Pokémon Moon,
                                                                                                                worldwide in November last year, and achieved
                                                                                                                explosive sales. According to our recent analysis,

              Global Sell-Through                                                                               the global sell-through (volume sold from retailers
               13 Million Units                                                                                 to consumers) has exceeded 13 million units and
                             Includes bundles and digital sales / Source: Nintendo, Media Create, NPD

                                                                                                                continues to grow.


             Comparison of Sell-Through                                                                         This slide compares the sell-through from release to
          from Release to the End of the Year
                                                                                                                the end of that year for past titles in the Pokémon
                               12.15
                                                                                       ( mi l l i on uni ts )




                                                                                                                series. You can clearly see that Pokémon Sun and
                             (7 weeks of sales)
                                                                                          9.65
                                                                                   (12 weeks of sales)
                                                             7.55
                                                        (7 weeks of sales)
                                                                                                                Pokémon Moon are off to an excellent start, even
     Off to a good start
   compared to past titles                                                                                      compared to past titles. Pokémon games tend to be
                                                      Omega Ruby and
                             Sun and Moon
                                                       Alpha Sapphire
                                                                                         X and Y
                                     Total sales in Japan/U.S./Europe/Australia, includes digital sales
                                                                                                                long-selling titles in the U.S. and European markets.
                                                               Source: Nintendo, Media Create, NPD


                                                                                                                We can see that these titles still have excellent
                                                                                                                sales potential. We hope to maintain this
                                                                                                                momentum going forward to ensure that Pokémon
                                                                                                                Sun and Pokémon Moon also achieve long-selling
                                                                                                                status.


                                                                                                                Note: The periods represented vary slightly, as
                                                                                                                Pokémon Omega Ruby and Pokémon Alpha
                                                                                                                Sapphire released in November 2014 and Pokémon
                                                                                                                X and Pokémon Y released in October 2013.
                                                                                                                Note: Pokémon Sun and Pokémon Moon, as well as
                                                                                                                Pokémon Omega Ruby and Pokémon Alpha
                                                                                                                Sapphire, released approximately one week later in
                                                                                                                Europe than in the other markets, so these figures
                                                                                                                represent the six weeks following release for
                                                                                                                Europe.




                                                                                                                 2
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

                                                                                                                                    According to our latest data, we have seen that the
                                                                                                                                    ratio of players in their 20s and 30s has risen for
                                                                                                                                    Pokémon Sun and Pokémon Moon compared to past
  • Increasing share of players in their 20s and 30s compared                                                                       Pokémon titles for Nintendo 3DS.
    to past titles

  • About 17% of Pokémon Sun and Pokémon Moon players
                                                                                                                                    In addition, as of the end of December 2016, we
    were trying a Pokémon title on Nintendo 3DS for the first
    time                     Data collected from members with Nintendo Network IDs who connected to the
                                                                                                                                    found that about 17% of Pokémon Sun and
                                                   Internet through a Pokémon title and agreed to send their Activity Log
                                                                                                              Source: Nintendo


                                                                                                                                    Pokémon Moon players had no previous Nintendo
                                                                                                                                    3DS Pokémon titles in their activity log; in other
                                                                                                                                    words, Pokémon Sun and Pokémon Moon were the
                                                                                                                                    first Pokémon titles these players had experienced
                                                                                                                                    on Nintendo 3DS.
                                                                                                                                    Celebrations of the Pokémon series’ 20th
                                                                                                                                    anniversary that began at the start of 2016, plus the
                                                                                                                                    incredible buzz around the smart-device application
                                                                                                                                    Pokémon GO in July drew attention to the brand and
                                                                                                                                    set the stage for this growth in sales. We believe
                                                                                                                                    these activities correlated with the increase in the
                                                                                                                                    ratio of players in their 20s and 30s and the
                                                                                                                                    acquisition and reactivation of new consumers.


                                                                                                                                    Note: Pokémon GO is an application for smart
                                                                                                                                    devices (Development and Publishing: Niantic, Inc.,
                                                                                                                                    Development Oversight: The Pokémon Company)


                           Nintendo 3DS Sell-Through                                                                                This graph shows Nintendo 3DS hardware and
                           YOY Comparison for Japan
                       Hardware
                                                                                    First-Party                                     software sell-through in Japan from April 2016
      (1,000 units)                                     (1,000 units)
                                                                                     Software
       1,200                                                6,000
                                    FY16                                                                        FY17
       1,000                            FY17                5,000                                                                   through the final week of the calendar year, divided
          800                                               4,000

          600                                               3,000                                                                   by quarters and compared year-on-year. In looking
          400                                               2,000                                       FY16

          200                                               1,000                                                                   back on the life-to-date performance of Nintendo
              0                                                     0
                      Q1      Q2        Q3                                     Q1              Q2              Q3
                                               Does not include titles from other software publishers, does include digital sales
                                                                                               Source: Nintendo, Media Create
                                                                                                                                    3DS, hardware spread through the Japanese market
                                                                                                                                    first before the U.S. and European markets. For the
                                                                                                                                    first two quarters, both hardware and software
                                                                                                                                    maintained lower trends than the previous year, but
                                                                                                                                    for the third quarter, which also includes the holiday
                                                                                                                                    period, the release of Pokémon Sun and Pokémon
                                                                                                                                    Moon drove software sales higher than the previous
                                                                                                                                    year, and hardware sales did not lose momentum.




                                                                                                                                     3
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

                                                                                                                             Note: Nintendo 3DS hardware includes the New
                                                                                                                             Nintendo 3DS, the New Nintendo 3DS XL, the
                                                                                                                             Nintendo 3DS, the Nintendo 3DS XL and the
                                                                                                                             Nintendo 2DS systems.
                                                                                                                             Note: Due to the calendar differences, FY16Q3
                                                                                                                             contains one more week than FY17Q3.
                                                                                                                             Note: FY = Fiscal year (April through March of the
                                                                                                                             following year)


                                                                                                                             Super Mario Maker for Nintendo 3DS, released in
                                             Sell-Through in Japan                                                           December last year in Japan, continues to sell well
                                                 Soon to Reach
                                                                                                                             and is expected to become a million seller soon. In
                                               1 Million Units
                                               Momentum driving sales to
                                                                                                                             Japan, this title has the momentum to close in on
                                               approach the total sell-through of
                                                                                                                             the total sell-through for Wii U version, which
                                               Super Mario Maker for Wii U,
                                               released in September 2015                                                    launched the previous year. We were able to reach
                                                                                                                             consumers who own a Nintendo 3DS system, but
                                                     Includes digital sales / Source: Nintendo, Media Create, NPD




                                                                                                                             who do not own a Wii U system. This shows the size
                                                                                                                             of the latent Nintendo 3DS market.
                                                                                                                             This title is also off to a good start in the U.S. and
                                                                                                                             Europe, where it was released in December as well.


                    Nintendo 3DS Sell-Through                                                                                This graph shows Nintendo 3DS hardware and
                    YOY Comparison for the U.S.
                    Hardware
                                                                          First-Party                                        software sell-through in the U.S. compared with the
    (1,000 units)                               (1,000 units)              Software
     1,400                       FY17              8,000                                              FY17
     1,200                    FY16
                                                   7,000
                                                   6,000
                                                                                                                             previous period. In the U.S., promotional activities
     1,000
                                                   5,000
        800
                                                   4,000
                                                                                              FY16
                                                                                                                             aimed at children and parents were effective at
        600                                        3,000
        400
        200
                                                   2,000
                                                   1,000
                                                                                                                             increasing sales. We believe we were able to assert
           0                                           0
                    Q1   Q2      Q3                                   Q1              Q2              Q3
                                        Does not include titles from other software publishers, does include digital sales
                                                                                                       Source: Nintendo
                                                                                                                             brand presence during the holiday season, including
                                                                                                                             Black Friday, through Pokémon Sun and Pokémon
                                                                                                                             Moon. This was the sixth year-end period since the
                                                                                                                             launch of Nintendo 3DS, but major titles continued
                                                                                                                             to drive hardware sales, and sell-through of
                                                                                                                             hardware and software for the entire year was up
                                                                                                                             compared to the previous year.




                                                                                                                              4
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

                       Nintendo 3DS Sell-Through                                                                                    This graph shows Nintendo 3DS hardware and
                       YOY Comparison for Europe
    (1,000 units)     Hardware                            (1,000 units)
                                                                                 First-Party                                        software sell-through in Europe compared with the
                                                                                  Software
      1,400                                               8,000
                                         FY17                                                                 FY17
      1,200
                                      FY16
                                                          7,000
                                                          6,000
                                                                                                                                    previous period. In Europe, sales were up for both
      1,000
                                                          5,000
         800
         600
                                                          4,000                                      FY16                           hardware and software in each quarter compared to
                                                          3,000
         400
         200
                                                          2,000
                                                          1,000
                                                                                                                                    the previous year. As in the other markets, Pokémon
             0                                                0
                     Q1          Q2      Q3                                  Q1              Q2              Q3
                                               Does not include titles from other software publishers, does include digital sales
                                                                                                              Source: Nintendo
                                                                                                                                    Sun and Pokémon Moon was a major driver of
                                                                                                                                    hardware and software sales. We also promoted
                                                                                                                                    titles for children and female consumers, creating a
                                                                                                                                    new group of Nintendo 3DS owners whose
                                                                                                                                    purchases of both new and evergreen titles further
                                                                                                                                    drove sales growth.


                                                                                                                                    We have previously shared how the first title in the
                       Europe: Yo-Kai Watch
   (1,000 units)
                                                                            Sales Growth over
                                                                                                                                    Yo-Kai Watch series, sold by our local subsidiary in
   1,000
                                                       Japan                the Holiday Period
    800                                 Europe                                                                                      the European market, was released in April last year
    600
                                                                                                                                    and quickly surpassed initial sales of the Japanese
    400

    200
                                                                                                                                    release. This graph compares the sell-through in the
        0     W1
              W3
              W5
              W7
              W9
             W11
             W13
             W15
             W17
             W19
             W21
             W23
             W25
             W27
             W29
             W31
             W33
             W35
             W37
             W39
             W41
                                                                                              Includes bundles and digital sales
                                                                                                Source: Nintendo, Media Create
                                                                                                                                    European market with the earlier release in the
             W43



                                                                                                                                    Japanese market. Sales growth has maintained
                                                                                                                                    momentum even through the holiday period in
                                                                                                                                    Europe. High demand from children hoping to
                                                                                                                                    receive this title as a present has produced
                                                                                                                                    measurable results. The animated television show is
                                                                                                                                    also expanding to more regions, so we can expect
                                                                                                                                    further growth from this franchise in the future.


                                                                                                                                    Note: Yo-Kai Watch (Developer: Level-5 Inc.)


                    Nintendo 2DS Share of Nintendo 3DS                                                                              This graph shows the share of Nintendo 2DS within
                          Hardware Sell-Through
                    Japan                          U.S.                                      Europe
                                                                                                                                    the total Nintendo 3DS hardware sell-through per
                                                                                                                                    region, compared with the previous period. Nintendo
                                                                                                                                    2DS is offered at an even more affordable price than
                                                                                                           48%
                                                          28%                           32%
                          15%                18%
                                                                                                                                    other hardware in the Nintendo 3DS family, and
            CY15          CY16           CY15             CY16                         CY15               CY16

          Nintendo 2DS has an increasing                                                                                            children can easily enjoy playing with it as their first
                  share of sales                                                                  Source: Nintendo, Media Create
                                                                                                                                    game system. It launched in the Japanese market in
                                                                                                                                    September last year. We reduced the price of
                                                                                                                                    Nintendo 2DS in the U.S. market in May last year
                                                                                                                                    and saw an increase in sales that exceeded our
                                                                                                                                    expectations. As you can see, the share of sales
                                                                                                                                     5
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

                                                held by Nintendo 2DS has grown over the previous
                                                year in the U.S. and European markets.


                                                Over this period, we appealed to a range of
                                                demographics, such as female consumers and
                                                children. With the spread of the 2DS due to its
                                                affordable price point, we were able to achieve
                                                definite sales drive in these demographics.




                                                As I mentioned before, our efforts to appeal to

   • Efforts to appeal to children and female
                                                children and female consumers have paid off this
     consumers have paid off this year
                                                year. The expansion of Nintendo 3DS hardware into
   • The release of Pokémon Sun and Pokémon
     Moon provided momentum for Nintendo        wider demographics, including children and female
     3DS family hardware sales
                                                consumers, has provided renewed momentum for
   • It will be crucial to encourage further
     software purchases beyond the first        hardware sales in the Nintendo 3DS business.
                                                Sales of Nintendo 3DS hardware further accelerated
                                                due to the release of Pokémon Sun and Pokémon
                                                Moon. As we approach six years since the launch of
                                                Nintendo 3DS, it is a common assumption that the
                                                platform is entering its final stage. However, I
                                                believe we have shown that compelling software
                                                can continue to drive hardware sales. We have often
                                                asserted that software drives hardware sales in our
                                                dedicated video game system business, and this is
                                                further proof of that fact.
                                                As for the sales of software in this period, some
                                                software such as Pokémon Sun and Pokémon Moon
                                                have continued to sell well. However, it can be also
                                                said that the sales of other software have not turned
                                                out to be satisfactory.
                                                For Nintendo 3DS software sales, our future
                                                challenge will be to encourage consumers who
                                                already own the hardware to purchase a second or
                                                third software title continuously.




                                                 6
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

                                                               As for the future of the Nintendo 3DS business,
                                                               Nintendo 3DS family hardware has continued to
                                                               spread through our markets, reaching sales of 62
                                                               million units worldwide. Our efforts will focus on the
                                                               opportunities to take advantage of this install base.
       Install Base of 62 Million Units
                  Worldwide




                                                               We will continue to introduce new titles that players
                                                               can enjoy for the Nintendo 3DS family of systems.
  We will continue to introduce new
                                                               We have heard speculation that Nintendo Switch
  titles for Nintendo 3DS
                                                               will replace the Nintendo 3DS, as both are game
  •   The price point and play characteristics are
      different from Nintendo Switch, so they will not         systems that can be played outside the home, but
      compete
  •   The businesses will be separate and run in parallel      Nintendo 3DS has unique characteristics that differ
                                                               from those of Nintendo Switch. Furthermore, the
                                                               price points and play experiences offered by the two
                                                               systems are different and we do not see them as
                                                               being in direct competition. We plan to continue
                                                               both businesses separately and in parallel.


                    Major Announced First-Party Titles         This slide shows the major announced games for
                                                               Nintendo 3DS that have been recently released or
                                                               that are announced for release later this year in our
                                                               markets. We will have several follow-up titles from
                                              Pikmin (temp.)
                                                               popular franchises on Nintendo 3DS and we are
                                Ever Oasis                     developing many other unannounced titles to
                                        (temp.)

                                                               continue to enrich the software lineup going
                                                               forward.


                                                               Note: Fire Emblem Warriors software is exclusively
                                                               for the New Nintendo 3DS (Publisher in Japan: Koei
                                                               Tecmo Games Co., Ltd.; Overseas Publisher:
                                                               Nintendo; Developer: Koei Tecmo Games Co., Ltd.)




                                                                7
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

                                                                                                                            There are also many strong third-party titles on the
                                                                                                                            way for Nintendo 3DS. For example, Capcom will
                                                                                                                            release Monster Hunter XX     in Japan on March 18.




                                                                                                                            Also, Square Enix has announced that the latest
                                                                                                                            entry in the Dragon Quest series, Dragon Quest XI
                                                                                                                            is in development for Nintendo 3DS.
                                                                                                                            Both titles are sure to be highly anticipated by fans
                                                                                                                            of the series. There are many other games coming
                                                                                                                            from developers, so we hope to maintain last year’s
                                                                                                                            momentum and continue to provide exciting
                                                                                                                            experiences through our Nintendo 3DS.


                                                                                                                            This slide compares sell-through for Wii U hardware
                                       Sell-Through
                          Hardware                              First-Party Software
                                                                                                                            and first-party packaged software in Japan, the U.S.
    3,000                                      14,000
    2,500                                      12,000
                                               10,000
                                                                                                                            and Europe from April 2016 through the last week of
    2,000
                                                 8,000
    1,500
    1,000
                                                 6,000                                                                      the calendar year, compared with the same period
                                                 4,000
      500
         0
                                                 2,000
                                                         0
                                                                                                                            over the past two years. We significantly decreased
   (1,000 units)   FY15     FY16     FY17     (1,000 units)         FY15               FY16               FY17
                                            Totals for U.S./Japan/Europe sell-through through the last week of 2016
                                                                          First-party titles only, includes digital sales
                                                                                                                            the shipping volume for Wii U this fiscal year
                                                                                     Source: Nintendo, Media Create



                                                                                                                            compared to the fiscal year ended March 2016 and
                                                                                                                            set our sales expectations at 800,000 units. As a
                                                                                                                            result, hardware sell-through is down significantly
                                                                                                                            compared to the previous two years. Also, there
                                                                                                                            were fewer new titles this year, resulting in reduced
                                                                                                                            trends in software sell-through compared to
                                                                                                                            previous periods, but both the hardware and
                                                                                                                            software results are largely in alignment with our
                                                                                                                            expectations.




                                                                                                                             8
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

                                                                                        This figure shows the sell-in for amiibo figures
                               amiibo Figure Sell-In
                                                                                        compared to the previous period. In the previous

     FY03/2016                                             Approx. 20.5                 period, we sold many amiibo, particularly in the
      (Q1～Q3)                                              million units
                                                                                        Super Smash Brothers series, reaching total sell-in
                                Approx. 6.5
     FY03/2017
      (Q1～Q3)                   million units
                                                                                        of approximately 20.5 million units. Sell-in for this

                                                                    Source: Nintendo
                                                                                        period was approximately 6.5 million units.




                                                                                        This figure shows the download sales of digital
                          Download Sales
      (billion yen)   0        10       20         30                    40
                                                                                        content for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U up until the
                                                           30.5 billion                 third quarter compared to the previous period. Sales
      FY03/2016
                                                               yen
                                                                                        during this period only reached 23.1 billion yen,
                                                23.1 billion
      FY03/2017
                                                    yen                                 falling short of the previous period, which saw the
                          Q1    Q2      Q3
                                                                    Source: Nintendo
                                                                                        release of more downloadable content, including
                                                                                        content for Mario Kart 8 and Super Smash Bros. for
                                                                                        Wii U and Nintendo 3DS.


       Nintendo Entertainment System:                                                   In November last year, we brought back the
             NES Classic Edition
                                                                                        nostalgic Famicom and NES home consoles in palm-
                                                                                        sized versions and shipped the entire quantity of
                                                                                        Nintendo Classic Mini Family Computer units we
                                                                                        initially prepared for each market. We apologize to
                           Global Sell-Through
                            1.5 Million Units                                           our consumers and retail partners for the
                                                  Source: Nintendo, Media Create, NPD
                                                                                        inconvenience caused by product shortages. Some
                                                                                        parts require time to procure, but we are working to
                                                                                        increase production. We also see the nostalgic
                                                                                        interest in these products as an opportunity to draw
                                                                                        consumers’ attention to our latest game system,
                                                                                        Nintendo Switch.


                                                                                        Note: This system was sold as the Nintendo
                                                                                        Entertainment System: NES Classic Edition in the
                                                                                        United States. This system was sold as the
                                                                                        Nintendo Classic Mini: Nintendo Entertainment
                                                                                        System in Europe and Australia.




                                                                                         9
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

                                                                               Next, I will cover our smart device business.



     Smart-Device Business




                                                                               First, I would like to once again state Nintendo’s
         Smart-Device Business Policy
                                                                               three main goals for our smart-device business. We
     1   Maximize the Number of People Who Have Access
         to Nintendo IP                                                        would like to utilize smart devices as a platform to
     2   Smart-Device Business Profitable on its Own
                                                                               reach the maximum number of consumers with our
     3   Synergy with Dedicated Video Game System Business

                                                                               IP. It is a prerequisite that the smart-device
      Provide high-quality game experiences
      optimized for smart devices                                              business be profitable on its own. We also aim to
                                                                               generate synergy with our dedicated video game
                                                                               systems business to maximize the potential of
                                                                               Nintendo’s overall business strategies.
                                                                               I have also shared in the past that we strive to
                                                                               ensure that each title we release for smart devices
                                                                               provides a high-quality game experience that is
                                                                               optimized for smart devices.


                                                                               Following these principles, we released a new type
                Super Mario Run
                                                                               of Mario game that you can play with one hand,
                          •   A new kind of Mario game that
                              you can play with one hand
                          •   Released in 151 countries, many more
                                                                               Super Mario Run. It launched on iPhone and iPad in
                              than we reach with our dedicated
                              video game system business                       December. This release was not limited to the
                              78 Million Downloads                             countries and regions in which we have offered
                                  (Currently iOS version only)
                                                            Source: Nintendo
                                                                               products and services through our dedicated video
                                                                               game system business, and it reached a wide range
                                                                               of consumers worldwide. As we shared through a
                                                                               previous press release, in its first four days Super
                                                                               Mario Run was downloaded more than 40 million
                                                                               times, a record speed for the App Store. Since then,
                                                                               downloads have maintained a strong pace, and as of
                                                                               today the application has reached 78 million
                                                                               downloads.




                                                                               10
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

                                                 Super Mario Run is free to download, and parts of
               Super Mario Run
                                                 each of its three modes are available to play for
     Downloads continue to grow
                                                 free. After paying a set purchase price of 1200 yen,
     The rate of world purchases is also
     showing an upward trend                     all of the game content can be enjoyed without
      Aiming for an evergreen application with   needing to worry about additional payments. The
      broad popularity that can be played
      comfortably                                download numbers for this title have continued to
                                                 grow since release. However, the number of
                                                 consumers who have purchased the full game
                                                 (made the in-app payment) has grown relatively
                                                 slowly compared to the overall growth in downloads.
                                                 We can really feel the effects of the feedback we
                                                 received from customers who purchased the full
                                                 game. We hope to solidify Super Mario Run’s
                                                 position as an evergreen application that can be
                                                 enjoyed by everyone, including children. For that
                                                 reason, we are taking a number of steps to ensure
                                                 that Super Mario Run can be enjoyed for a long
                                                 time, both by those who have already made the full
                                                 purchase and by those who have downloaded the
                                                 application but not yet made the purchase. We are
                                                 also taking steps in-game to raise the ratio of
                                                 purchases among consumers downloading the
                                                 application for the first time.


                                                 Note: The price for the full purchase varies by
                                                 country.


                                                 Here are some of the initiatives we have planned.
               Super Mario Run
      Examples of Initiatives
                                                 For many of our consumers, it has been a long time
    • Added an Easy Mode so users can            since they last played a Mario game. Things that
      experience all of the courses without
      worrying about remaining time or
      mistakes                                   may seem easy or obvious to fans who have played
    • “Golden Goomba Sighted!” event             recent Mario games may feel like obstacles to
    • Adjusted Toad Rally to make it more
      difficult to lose Toads, when defeated     consumers who haven’t played a Mario game in a
                                                 long time. We have added an Easy Mode setting that
                                                 turns off the time and mistake restrictions. This
                                                 setting with help users who downloaded the game
                                                 and gave up in frustration to enjoy playing through
                                                 the worlds at their own pace. We will also hold


                                                 11
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

                                                       periodic events where golden Goombas appear in
                                                       World Tour in order to create buzz.


                                                       We are taking steps to help customers who continue
               Super Mario Run
                                                       to play the game for free understand the diverse
      Examples of Initiatives
    • Introduced the diverse gameplay and new player   gameplay and new player characters they can get by
      characters after purchasing the full game

    • Improved the tutorial
                                                       purchasing the full game.
    • Added mode introductions and hint display        We are also using feedback and play records to
    • Released How to Play videos                      collect information on the places that are tripping
                                                       players up, and we are working to improve in-game
                                                       explanations and movement patterns to provide an
                                                       easier experience for consumers who download the
                                                       game in the future.



                                                       We will continue increasing the number of available
               Super Mario Run
                                                       countries and OS to ensure that more consumers

   iOS Version:       Released in Korea
                                                       can enjoy Super Mario Run. The iOS version
                      on February 1, 2017
                                                       released in Korea on February 1, 2017. We plan to
   Android Version: Planned for March 2017 release     release the Android version in March, 2017.




                                                       We also released a major update for Miitomo in
                      Miitomo
                                                       November last year as part of our ongoing efforts to
                          • Plan to release Ver2.2
                            soon
                                                       bring enjoyment to our consumers. As a result, we

                          • Efforts such as version
                                                       have seen an increase in active user volume for this
                            upgrades lead to renewed   title.
                            numbers of active users




                                                       12
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

                                                                                                                 I will now talk about the third smart-device
                                                                                                                 application, following Miitomo and Super Mario Run,
                                                                                                                 that Nintendo will release, Fire Emblem Heroes.
                                                                                                                 Distribution for both the iOS and Android versions of
                                                                                                                 Fire Emblem Heroes will begin tomorrow, February
   •    February 2, 2017 Distribution
        (iOS version/Android version)
                                                                                                                 2, in 39 countries worldwide.
   •    To be Distributed in 39 Countries Worldwide


        Sell-Through for Fire Emblem Titles                                                                      The Fire Emblem series is a franchise that is
               on the Nintendo 3DS                                                                               supported enthusiastically by fans in their 20s and
                                                                                                                 30s in particular. The series has become especially
                                                                                                                 popular overseas since the titles on the Nintendo
                                                                                                                 3DS.
   Japan: Approx. 500,000 units          Japan: Approx. 500,000 units
   Overseas: Approx. 1.4 million units   Overseas: Approx. 1.1 million
                                         units
                                         The number of units for overseas is a total of the sales in the North
                                                                 American, European and Australian markets.
                                               Includes digital sales / Source: Nintendo, Media Create, NPD




                                                                                                                 Though Fire Emblem Heroes changes many aspects
                                                                                                                 of the Fire Emblem series to better suit play on a
                                                                                                                 smart device — such as smaller maps that fit on a
                                                                                                                 smartphone screen and the ability to attack enemies
                                                                                                                 by dragging an allied character over an enemy — it
  • Quality fans of the series will appreciate
  • Customers who have never played the Fire                                                                     inherits a deep battle system and the joy of training
    Emblem series can experience its appeal
                                                                                                                 your characters, which are aspects typical of the
                                                                                                                 Fire Emblem series. We developed Fire Emblem
                                                                                                                 Heroes to be a quality title that fans of the series
                                                                                                                 will appreciate and play thoroughly.
                                                                                                                 At the same time, we hope to provide a chance for
                                                                                                                 consumers who have never played Fire Emblem
                                                                                                                 before to experience the appeal of the series.




                                                                                                                 13
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

                 Free-to-Start Model (In-Game Purchases)                       This title uses the free-to-start business model, in
  •   Users gain orbs by progressing in the game or through optional
      purchases                                                                which users can download the game and start
  •   Characters are acquired randomly by expending orbs (hero summoning)
  •   The focus of the game is to train your characters and progress through   playing for free.
      the story

                                                                               As the word “Heroes” in the title implies, users can
                                                                               acquire various heroes who have appeared
                                                                               throughout the history of the Fire Emblem series.
                                                                               Heroes are obtained by expending items called orbs.
                                                                               The focus of the game is to train your characters,
                                                                               form a team to take into battle by picking heroes
                                                                               from those and progress through the story.
                                                                               Characters are acquired randomly. Users can
                                                                               acquire orbs, which are required to get characters,
                                                                               by progressing in the game’s story, but they can also
                                                                               purchase additional orbs in the shop.
                                                                               Distribution for Fire Emblem Heroes will begin
                                                                               tomorrow.
                                                                               As stated yesterday, we have revised the release
                                                                               timeframe for our Animal Crossing smart-device
                                                                               title. While we had previously said that we planned
                                                                               to launch the title by the end of March 2017,
                                                                               because the Android version of Super Mario Run will
                   Release Period Revised to
                        Next Fiscal Year                                       now be launching in March, we are changing the
                                                                               distribution period to next fiscal year so we can
                                                                               prepare all the content we wish to include and
                                                                               properly support the distribution of this application.
                                                                               I apologize to all the consumers who are
                                                                               anticipating this title. We will provide more details
                                                                               about the specific release period at a later date.
                                                                               This revision will have minimal impact on the
                                                                               earnings forecast.




                                                                               14
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

                                                Next, I'd like to discuss Nintendo Switch.




                                                Since our presentation on January 13, we have run
                                                Nintendo Switch demo events in regions across the
                                                world. These photos show some of those events.
                                                You can get a sense of the enthusiastic atmosphere
                                                and the enjoyment that the attendees felt.




                                                Nintendo Switch will launch with the two sets
                                                pictured here on March 3, 2017 in Japan, the U.S.,
                                                Canada, major European countries, Australia, Hong
                                                Kong and other regions. The manufacturer’s
        Launching March 3, 2017                 suggested retail price in Japan is 29,980 yen. The
      Japan 29,980Yen (Tax excluded)            manufacturer’s suggested retail price in the U.S. is
      U.S.  US$299.99 (MSRP)
                                                $299.99. As we have stated before, unlike Wii U, the
                                                Nintendo Switch price point was set to ensure that
                                                the hardware is not basically sold at a loss.


                                                Note: MSRP = Manufacturer’s Suggested Retail
                                                Price




                                                15
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

                                                    We are continuously producing in earnest, and there
                                                    are no changes to our plans to ship two million
                                                    hardware units worldwide by the end of March 2017.
                                                    Pre-order sales have also begun across the globe.
  Planned Shipments of Two Million Hardware Units   We have heard that many retailers have already
             by the End of March 2017
                                                    closed pre-orders and have allocated remaining
            Strong Pre-Orders
                                                    inventory for sale on launch day. This pre-order
                                                    momentum is reassuring proof that the core gamer
                                                    demographic understands the uniqueness of the
                                                    Nintendo Switch and continues to support us. We
                                                    are preparing our supply system to ensure that we
                                                    will be able to make continued shipments after
                                                    launch as well.
                                                    Now, let us once again present the hardware
                                                    characteristics and the diverse play modes offered
                                                    by Nintendo Switch through this video.


                                                    （Link: Nintendo Switch overview）


                                                    Note: This video is no longer available.




                                                    （Link: Nintendo Switch play styles）


                                                    Note: This video is no longer available.




                                                    16
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

                                                                             The most unique feature of Nintendo Switch is that,
                                                                             while it is a home console-type video game system,
                                                                             simply by removing the system from the Nintendo
                                                                             Switch Dock, you can enjoy the experience of a TV
                                                                             video game system in the play mode of your choice
                                                                             wherever you go even when you are away from a TV.
 Due to expiration of the term of use,
 we have removed certain images that were included at the time of release.




                                                                             By switching between TV mode, tabletop mode and
                                                                             handheld mode, you can actively choose the play
                                                                             mode that fits your style.
 Due to expiration of the term of use,
 we have removed certain images that were included at the time of release.
        TV Mode                Tabletop Mode           Handheld Mode




                                                                             The Joy-Con controllers are the keys.




                                                                             In our recent presentation, we described the HD
                    HD Rumble                                                Rumble feature of the Joy-Con controllers, which
                                                                             lets you feel realistic tactile sensations, such as the
                                                                             number of ice cubes colliding in a glass.




                                                                             17
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

                                                We also introduced the Motion IR Camera that can
      Motion IR Camera                          recognize shape, motion and distance of hands or
                                                other objects.
                                                These features of the Joy-Con controllers make the
                                                play experience of Nintendo Switch even further
                                                unique.




                                                The combination of two Joy-Con controllers that

   A home console-type video game system
                                                come with the system and the concept of a home
     that can be played outside the home        gaming system that you can carry around with you
                    ×                           inspired new games that you can enjoy with your
     Comes with two Joy-Con controllers,        friends anywhere and at any time.
       one each on the left and right




                                                One such game is 1-2-Switch. This title will release
                                                alongside the system on March 3.




                                                1-2-Switch incorporates many different gameplay
                                                styles that take full advantage of the features of the
                                                Joy-Con.




                                                18
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

                                                These photos show consumers trying out 1-2-
                                                Switch for themselves at the recent hands-on event.
                                                You can see how not only the players themselves,
                                                but the people watching around them are also
                                                joining in on the fun. With Nintendo Switch and 1-2-
                                                Switch, by simply setting up the stand, detaching
                                                the Joy-Con controllers, and passing one to a friend,
                                                you can transform any space into the game world.
                                                We hope this will provide a spark for communication
                                                in all kinds of settings. We expect that people who
                                                enjoy 1-2-Switch themselves will pass the fun on,
                                                generating buzz across the world.


                                                1-2-Switch, which we just introduced, is one of the
                                                launch titles for Nintendo Switch. Here is the full
                                                launch lineup.
          2017 Software Lineup




                                                The games shown here will release alongside the
                                                system in Japan on March 3.




                                                Here are the announced first-party titles that will
    Mar              4/28
                                                follow the system launch, releasing through 2017 in
                                                Japan. Some of those who have seen this lineup
    Spr               Sum
                                                have expressed the opinion that the launch lineup is
                                                weak.
    Win              2017




                                                19
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

                                                            Our thinking in arranging the 2017 software lineup is
                                                            that it is important to continue to provide new titles
   Focus on continuing to provide new
                                                            regularly without long gaps. This encourages
   titles regularly, generating buzz among
                                                            consumers to continue actively playing the system,
   consumers and maintaining hardware
                                                            maintains buzz, and spurs continued sales
   sales momentum
                                                            momentum for Nintendo Switch.




                                                            For that reason, we will be releasing Mario Kart 8
                                                            Deluxe, ARMS, which is making its debut on the
                                                            Nintendo Switch during the first half of 2017, and
                                                            Splatoon 2, which attracted consumers’ attention
                                                            most during the hands-on events in Japan, in
                                                            summer 2017. We believe that these titles exemplify
     April 28         Spring, 2017        Summer, 2017
                                                            the concept of the Nintendo Switch, which is to be
  The release date of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe was
                                                            able to play anywhere with anyone and at any time,
  incorrectly stated as 'April 27' in the original slide.
  The correct release date is April 28.                     and will expand and invigorate competition between
                                                            players.


                                                            Splatoon 2 in particular will offer voice chat, a
  Create a vibrant player-vs.-player scene                  much-requested feature from our overseas fans,
    Games that players can enjoy for a                      using smart-devices and the ability to bring eight
    long time on Nintendo Switch
                                                            Nintendo Switch systems together for eight-person
                                                            local multiplayer. In this way, we are working to
   Aim to maintain and amplify buzz                         create titles and environments to invigorate the
                                                            competitive gaming scene so that a wider
                                                            demographic of customers can enjoy, talk about,
                                                            and continue playing the Nintendo Switch.




                                                            20
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

                                                                                       Next I will provide a follow-up report about our
                                                                                       software publisher partners. After the presentation
                 Over 100 Titles in
                                                                                       on January 13, we have continued to receive
                   Development
                                                                                       requests from more and more software publishers
          from over 70 Software                                                        who want to develop games for the system. At the
                Publishers
                                                                                       presentation, we announced that there were over 80
                                                                                       titles in development from more than 50 software
                                                                                       publishers, but that number has now climbed to
                                                                                       over 100 titles from more than 70 publishers. Please
                                                                                       look forward to more announcements about the
                                                                                       software lineup in the future.


                                                                                       Finally, I would like to cover our sales company that
    Company Name           Nintendo Sales Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       is planned to start operations in Japan on April 3. In
    President and
    Representative         Satoshi Yamato
                                                        Nintendo Co., Ltd.
                                                        Senior Executive Officer and   August 2016, we announced that we would acquire
    Director                                            GM of Marketing Division


    Personnel              Approximately 180 Employees
                                                                                       one of the largest distributors in Japan handling
                                                                                       Nintendo products, JESNET Co. Ltd., as a
                           Tokyo (HQ), Osaka Branch Office, Kyoto Distribution
    Locations
                           Center
                                                                                       subsidiary, and that we would accept an assignment
   Note: The company name, representative and other information will be officially
   determined through the decision of the governing body on April 3, 2017.
                                                                                       of business from AJIOKA Co., Ltd. The purpose of
                                                                                       the newly-established company is to provide an
                                                                                       integrated system from the development through
                                                                                       supply of our products, allowing for rapid decision-
                                                                                       making and an improvement in sales service. It will
                                                                                       operate under the name Nintendo Sale Co., Ltd. The
                                                                                       company overview is presented here.


                                                                                       This concludes our presentation.
                                                                                       Thank you very much.

          Thank you very much.




                                                                                       21
Corporate Management Policy Briefing /
Nine Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017

Disclaimers
The contents of this briefing as well as of the accompanying documents and materials are based
upon the information available and the judgments which can be made at the time of the
announcement. Nintendo is not responsible for updating or changing these materials if the
information presented changes due to future circumstances or for other reasons.
Also, forecasts referred to in this briefing and accompanying documents and materials involve known
and unknown risks and uncertainties. Please note that such risks and uncertainties may cause actual
results to be materially different from the forecasts.




                                                   22
