Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017



                                                           Thank you for making time to attend Nintendo’s
                                                           financial briefing. I am Tatsumi Kimishima,
              Nintendo Co., Ltd.                           President of Nintendo.
     Financial Results Briefing                            Mr. Furukawa, General Manager of the Corporate
            President and Representative Director
                     Tatsumi Kimishima
                                                           Planning Department, has just presented our
                                                           financial results for this period.




                                                           There are two points I'd like to cover today. First,
             Presentation Outline
                                                           we'll take a look at our recent sales as well as sales
            Recap for the Fiscal Year                      over the fiscal year ended March 2017. Then we'll
     1
            Ended March 2017                               see the outlook for the fiscal year ending March
     2      Outlook for the Fiscal Year                    2018.
            Ending March 2018




                                                           To begin, let's review the fiscal year that just ended
                                                           in March 2017 along with the sales situation
         Recap for the Fiscal Year
                                                           heading into the new year.
           Ended March 2017
         - State of Affairs After Nintendo Switch Launch
         - Nintendo 3DS Sales
         - Smart-Device Business




                                                           First, let's look the circumstances following the
                                                           launch of Nintendo Switch.




                                                            1
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017



                                                                                                                                                                                  Nintendo Switch launched on March 3 to very strong
                                                                                                                                                                                  demand. It continues to be sold out practically
                                                                                                                                                                                  worldwide. Our initial plan was to ship two million
                                                                                                                                                                                  units by the end of March. But as we announced
  •       Shipped Units Nearly Sold Out in Each Region                                                                                                                            yesterday, we have already shipped 2.74 million
  •       2.74 Million Units Shipped through the end of March                                                                                                                     units through the end of March.
                                                                                                                                                                                  Overall, sell-through of Nintendo Switch stacks up
                                                                                                                                                                                  well, even in comparison to hardware that launched
                                                                                                                                                                                  during holiday seasons. Given the timing of its
                                                                                                                                                                                  launch and the rate at which the market is buying it
                                                                                                                                                                                  up, Nintendo Switch is definitely off to a solid start.
                                                                                                                                                                                  To take advantage of Nintendo Switch's momentum,
                                                                                                                                                                                  we will be bolstering our manufacturing and
                                                                                                                                                                                  improving our supply situation going into the holiday
                                                                                                                                                                                  season.



                                                                                                                                                                                  As we announced the other day, numbers provided
                Sales Outlook in the U.S. Market
                                                                                                                                                                                  by the NPD Group show that sell-through for
   • Sell-Through Exceeded 900 Thousand                                                                                                                                           Nintendo Switch topped 900 thousand by the end of
       Units by End of March                                                                                                                                                      March. This makes it the highest-selling Nintendo
   • Highest-Selling Nintendo Hardware in Its                                                                                                                                     hardware in its launch month we have ever had.
       Launch Month Ever
                                                                                                                                                             Source: NPD




                                                                                                                                                                                  Let's take a look at the kinds of consumers who are
                                 Usage by Household (U.S.)
                                                                                                                                                                                  purchasing Nintendo Switch. These are the results
       Purchaser* Age / Gender Distribution
             12 and under                        13-15                 16-18                19-24                 25-34                35-44                 45 and up            of an Internet survey that was given to consumers in
                                          23%                                                       46%                                                15%
      2% 5% 7%                                                                                                                                                           2%
                                                                                                                                                                                  the U.S. market who had linked a Nintendo Account
                                                                                                                                          Male                Female
                                                                                                                                                                                  to their Nintendo Switch system after launch. It is
                                                                            90%                                                                                 10%

       * F r o m a n e ma i l s u r v e y s e n t t o c o n s u me r s w h o l i n k e d a N i n t e n d o A c c o u n t t o t h e i r N i n t e n d o S w i t c h s y s t e m.
       E ma i l r e c i p i e n t s : a b o u t 8 0 0 , 0 0 0 / R e s p o n s e R a t e : a b o u t 3 . 5 % ( a s o f A p r i l 1 7 )
                                                                                                                                                                                  clear to see that purchases are primarily made by
       Question: What is the age and gender of the person in your household who had the strongest desire to purchase Nintendo
       Switch?


                                                                                                                                                                                  male consumers in their 20s and early 30s. The
                                                                                                                                                         Source: Nintendo




                                                                                                                                                                                  results also show good interest among consumers in
                                                                                                                                                                                  the 10 to 19 age range, which we see as a sign of
                                                                                                                                                                                  our expanding demographics.



                                                                                                                                                                                   2
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017



                                                                  Also from the same survey, these are the answers to
      Number of Users per Household (U.S.)
                                                                  the question, "Including yourself, how many people
   Including yourself, how many people in
   your household may play Nintendo Switch?                       in your household may play Nintendo Switch?" Over
              One   Two         Three   Four or more              two-thirds of respondents said there are multiple
                                                                  people who might play Switch in their household.
        28%               42%           16%      14%
                                                                  This data is only from one survey of the U.S. market,
                                                                  but we have already seen a similar trend from a
                                               Source: Nintendo




                                                                  survey in Europe during this same period. When
                                                                  multiple people in the same household pick up
                                                                  Nintendo Switch and talk about it, they build their
                                                                  engagement with it. Nintendo Switch comes with a
                                                                  pair of controllers right out of the box. We will use
                                                                  this advantage to help encourage even more people
                                                                  from even broader demographics to play.



                                                                  As we've seen, the response to Nintendo Switch is
                                                                  positive and it is off to a great start.
                                                                  The fundamental concept behind Nintendo Switch is
                                                                  for it to be played anytime, anywhere, with anyone,
                                                                  and thus offer new experiences that had not existed
                                                                  before. We believe that this shows that consumers
                                                                  around the world were able to grasp this concept
                                                                  quickly.




                                                                  The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild was
                                                                  released simultaneously with the Nintendo Switch
                                                                  launch, and has helped to drive system sales.
                                                                  It has gotten outstanding reviews not only from the
                                                                  consumers who purchased this title but also
                                                                  dedicated game magazines and all kinds of review
                                                                  sites.




                                                                   3
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017



                                                                                                                            Together with the Wii U version, sell-through topped
                                                                                                                            three million units worldwide as of the end of
                                                                                                                            March. By averaging our global sales numbers, we
                                                                                                                            know that close to 90% of all consumers who

  Approximately 90%* of consumers who purchased Nintendo
                                                                                                                            purchased Nintendo Switch also purchased this
  Switch purchased The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild                                                                  title. Looking at these software sales trends
                     * Based on sales of the Nintendo Switch version of The Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild
                     (including digital sales) and the worldwide sales of Nintendo Switch hardware as of the end of March
                                                                                       Source: Nintendo, Media Create
                                                                                                                            together with Nintendo Switch system sales, we can
                                                                                                                            see that sell-through will continue to grow. This
                                                                                                                            high of an attach rate is more or less
                                                                                                                            unprecedented, and we anticipate that this
                                                                                                                            momentum may lead to a new sell-through record
                                                                                                                            for the entire The Legend of Zelda series.


                                                                                                                            By listening to what players are saying and looking
                                                                                                                            at the circumstances surrounding their actual play,
                                     Reaching Consumers Who                                                                 we are finding that a growing number of consumers
                                     Have Never Played The                                                                  who do not usually play dedicated video game
                                     Legend of Zelda Series
                                                                                                                            systems are purchasing Nintendo Switch to play this
                                                                                                                            title or are taking an interest in doing so. By
                                                                                                                            leveraging this opportunity, we sincerely hope to be
                                                                                                                            able to reach consumers who have never played a
                                                                                                                            game in The Legend of Zelda series before.


                                                                                                                            1-2-Switch, which was also released at the same
                                                                                                                            time as Nintendo Switch, is likewise on track to ship
                                                                                                                            one million units very soon.
                                                                                                                            This title has become something of a hot topic due
                                                                                                                            to the way it uses Nintendo Switch in some
                                                                                                                            unconventional ways compared to other game
                                                                                                                            systems. In particular, 1-2-Switch includes a mini-
                                                                                                                            game that lets players use the Joy-Con as if they
                                                                                                                            were milking a cow. The realistic sensation players
                                                                                                                            feel thanks to the unique HD Rumble feature in
                                                                                                                            every Joy-Con was noticed by a farm museum in the
                                                                                                                            U.S., and we sent some Nintendo employees to go
                                                                                                                            out and face their dairy farming challenge. This
                                                                                                                            generated additional buzz through media coverage.



                                                                                                                             4
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017



                                                    The download-only title Snipperclips ‑ Cut it out,
                                                    together! was developed over a short period by an
                                 Download-Only      indie developer. Its boisterous play style that gets
                                 Titles Also        people working together has been highly praised,
                                 Performing Well
                                                    and it has already been downloaded over 350
                                                    thousand times worldwide.




                                                    Third-party publishers have also had a strong start
                                                    for their software releases. Among these, Nintendo
                               Strong Start for     shipped over 500,000 units of Konami Digital
                                                    Entertainment's SUPER BOMBERMAN R in March;
                             Third-Party Titles
                                                    less than a month since the release of Nintendo
                                                    Switch.




                                                    Next, I will discuss the status of Nintendo 3DS.




     Current Circumstances and Recap for
      the Fiscal Year Ended March 2017




                        Recap for the Fiscal Year   Efforts to appeal to children and female consumers
                          Ended March 2017
                                                    have paid off in the fiscal year ended March 2017.
   • Efforts to appeal to children and female       Furthermore, with the upsurge in popularity of
     consumers have paid off this year
                                                    Pokémon GO, Pokémon Sun and Pokémon Moon
   • Sales for Pokémon Sun and Pokémon Moon
                                                    accelerated sales for both hardware and software
     brought renewed momentum to the business
                                                    and brought even more momentum to the business.


                                                    Note: Pokémon GO is an application for smart
                                                    devices (Development and Publishing: Niantic, Inc.,
                                                    Development Oversight: The Pokémon Company)



                                                     5
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017



    Nintendo 3DS System Sell-Through Trends                                                                This graph shows the total Nintendo 3DS family
                      (Total for Japan, the U.S. and Europe)
  (million units)                                                                                          system sell-through for Japan, the U.S. and Europe
  14                                                            Sales Surpass
  12                                                             Those of the                              for each fiscal year. Sell-through of Nintendo 3DS
  10                                                            Previous Period
   8                                                                                                       surpassed that of the previous period, despite being
   6

   4                                                                                                       in its seventh fiscal year since launch.
   2

   0
         11/3       12/3   13/3   14/3   15/3   16/3   17/3
                                                                       Source: Nintendo, Media Create
                                                                                                           Note 1: Nintendo 3DS hardware includes New
                                                                                                           Nintendo 3DS, New Nintendo 3DS XL, Nintendo
                                                                                                           3DS, Nintendo 3DS XL and Nintendo 2DS.
                                                                                                           Note 2: The New Nintendo 3DS LL and Nintendo
                                                                                                           3DS LL are sold outside of Japan as the New
                                                                                                           Nintendo 3DS XL and Nintendo 3DS XL,
                                                                                                           respectively.
                                                                                                           Note 3: Fiscal year = April through March of the
                                                                                                           following year

                     Nintendo 2DS Share of Nintendo 3DS                                                    This graph shows the share of Nintendo 2DS within
                            Hardware Sell-Through (April 2016 - March 2017)
                                                                                                           the total Nintendo 3DS hardware sell-through per
                                                                                                           region. Nintendo 2DS launched last year in the
        Japan              19%                                81%                                          Japanese market. We reduced the price in the U.S.
         U.S.                 32%                               68%                                        market in May of last year and saw an increase in
    Europe                           50%                              50%                                  sales that exceeded our expectations. We
                                                                                                           announced during our corporate management policy
                                                                       Source: Nintendo, Media Create




                                                                                                           briefing in February that the share of sales of
                                                                                                           Nintendo 2DS is increasing. As you can see, while
                                                                                                           there are differences between regions, we have
                                                                                                           been able to leverage the product variation in the
                                                                                                           Nintendo 3DS family of systems.

    Nintendo 3DS First-Party Software Sell-Through Trends                                                  This graph shows the total Nintendo 3DS first-party
                           (Total for Japan, the U.S. and Europe)
  (million units)                                                                                          sell-through software for Japan, the U.S. and Europe
   40
                                                                Sell-Through
   35
                                                                                                           for each fiscal year. Please note that this includes
   30                                                             Growth
   25

   20
                                                                                                           software bundled with systems. Sell-through for
   15

   10
                                                                                                           first-party software saw major growth during the
    5

    0                                                                                                      fiscal year ended March 2017.
         11/3       12/3   13/3   14/3   15/3   16/3   17/3           Includes bundles and digital sales


                                                                                                           With Nintendo 3DS, we have seen that releasing
                                                                       Source: Nintendo, Media Create




                                                                                                           major software allows us to leverage the installed
                                                                                                           base of the hardware to do business on a large-
                                                                                                           scale. From a product-lifecycle perspective, we
                                                                                                           regained momentum over the last fiscal year and
                                                                                                            6
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017



                                                                                                                                                                still see strong potential for the continuation of this
                                                                                                                                                                business.


   Pokémon Sun and Pokémon Moon Sell-Through Trends                                                                                                             This is the cumulative sell-through trend in Japan,
                        (Total for Japan, the U.S. and Europe)
      (million units)                                                                                                                                           the U.S. and Europe for Pokémon Sun and Pokémon
           14

           12                                                                                                                                                   Moon, which released in November of last year.
           10

            8                                                                                                                                                   Sales of this title have continued to grow even after
            6

            4                                                                                                                                                   the start of the new year. I think you will find that
            2

            0
                                                                                                                                                                these sales show record momentum, even when
                W1   W4   W7   W10   W13   W16   W19   W22   W25   W28   W31   W34   W37   W40   W43   W46   W49   W52
                                                                                                                         Includes bundles and digital sales


                                                                                                                                                                compared against the sell-through trends one year
                                                                                                                           Source: Nintendo, Media Create




                                                                                                                                                                after release of other Pokémon titles released on
                                                                                                                                                                Nintendo 3DS in the past.


                                                                                                                                                                Note: Like Pokémon Omega Ruby and Pokémon
                                                                                                                                                                Alpha Sapphire, Pokémon Sun and Pokémon Moon
                                                                                                                                                                released in the European market one week later
                                                                                                                                                                than other regions.


                                                                                                                                                                Super Mario Maker for Nintendo 3DS, released
                                                                                                                                                                worldwide in December last year, has achieved a
                                                                                                                                                                total sell-through of two million units between
                                                                                                                                                                Japan, the U.S. and Europe. Same as the last
                                                                                                                                                                quarter, this title produces steady sales.
                                Two Million Units
                                                                                      Total sell-through/digital sales for Japan, the U.S. and Europe
                                                                                                                     Source: Nintendo, Media Create




  Nintendo 3DS Software Total Units Shipped Worldwide                                                                                                           These figures represent the total number of units
          indicates units shipped in the fiscal year ended March 2017
                                                                                                                                                                shipped worldwide for key Nintendo 3DS titles. The
                                                                                                                                                                numbers in the red boxes represent the number of
     15.22 M              11.27 M                            10.97 M                                          16.11 M
     +1.96 M              +1.02 M                            +0.97 M                                         +1.41 M                                            units shipped during the fiscal year ended March
                                                                                                                                                                2017 alone. Though many of these titles were
      11.27 M              8.72 M                             5.70 M                                           13.74 M                      Includes bundles
                                                                                                                                                                originally released quite a while ago, we shipped an
     +0.54 M              +0.60 M                        +0.72 M                                             +1.90 M                        and digital sales
                                                                                                                                           Source: Nintendo
                                                                                                                                                                additional one million or more of several of these
                                                                                                                                                                titles this year.



                                                                                                                                                                 7
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017



                                                                             Note: The number of units shipped for Animal
                                                                             Crossing: New Leaf also includes units sold as
                                                                             Animal Crossing: New Leaf - Welcome amiibo.


                                                                             Next, I will cover our smart-device business.



       Smart-Device Business




   Releases in the Fiscal Year Ended March 2017
                                                                             We released these applications during the fiscal
                                                                             year ended March 2017.
        2016                                2017




           March        November December       February       March




           Ver. 1        Ver. 2   iOS Version              Android Version
                                                              (Ver. 2)




                                                                             The fiscal year ended March 2017 was the first year
      Recap for the Smart-Device Business
                                                                             that we kicked our smart-device business into full
   • In the first year since entering this business, we
     have offered a variety of playstyles and payment                        gear. The smart device business is a totally different
     models
   • We were able to generate conversation about                             ball game from the dedicated video game business,
     Nintendo IP and Nintendo games in general by
     utilizing the broad installed base of smart devices                     so we have offered a variety of playstyles and
   • We were able to gain valuable insights this year
     that will help expand the business in the future                        payment models.
                                                                             We used the broad installed base of smart devices
                                                                             to bring Nintendo IP to many consumers who would
                                                                             have been very difficult to reach with just dedicated
                                                                             video game systems. We were also able to generate
                                                                             opportunities for conversation about Nintendo’s
                                                                             games in general.
                                                                             We believe that this process of experimentation with
                                                                             purchasing systems, services after release, and with
                                                                             the synergies brought by our existing business has
                                                                             given us valuable insights this year that will help
                                                                             grow the business going forward.
                                                                              8
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017



                                                                      We released the iOS version of Super Mario Run in
            Super Mario Run
                                                                      December of last year and started distribution for
               • Released for iOS in December 2016
                 and for Android in March 2017
                                                                      the Android version in March of this year. We
               • We expect to reach 150 million downloads
                 soon. We were able to distribute the game
                 broadly, including to countries and regions
                                                                      anticipate that the game will soon reach 150 million
                 not previously reached by our dedicated
                 video game business                                  downloads between both the iOS and Android
               • The number of users who purchase the
                 full game is also increasing gradually               versions. We are distributing this title in 165
                                                                      countries and regions, and it has been downloaded
                                                   Source: Nintendo




                                                                      by many consumers in regions outside Japan, the
                                                                      U.S. and Europe. In other words, we were able to
                                                                      provide an opportunity for many consumers in
                                                                      countries and regions where we had not previously
                                                                      done business to experience this new kind of Mario
                                                                      game that can be played with one hand.
                                                                      We offered a payment system for this title in which
                                                                      users can start playing the game for free, then pay
                                                                      the one-time price of 1,200 yen to gain access to all
                                                                      content. Though some consumers continue playing
                                                                      only the free portion of the game, the number of
                                                                      users who purchase the full game is also increasing
                                                                      gradually.


                                                                      Note: The price for purchasing the full game varies
                                                                      by country.


            Super Mario Run                                           We issued a major update, Version 2.0, along with
                                                                      the release of the Android version in March 2017.
                                                                      This update added Yoshis of different colors as
                                                                      playable characters. It also expanded the extent of
               • Released Version 2.0 in March 2017. Added
                 new playable characters and expanded the
                 part of the game that can be played for free         the game that can be played for free. We anticipate
               • We aim to establish Super Mario Run as an
                 evergreen application that consumers can             that expanding the free areas of the game may
                 continue to play without worrying about
                 additional purchases
                                                                      extend the time between downloading the
                                                                      application and purchasing the full game. This
                                                                      adjustment will deepen the enjoyment of this title
                                                                      for both consumers playing for the first time and
                                                                      consumers who have already downloaded the
                                                                      application.
                                                                      We will continue to hold in-application events and
                                                                      create motivations for consumers to continue

                                                                       9
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017



                                                     playing long-term. We aim for Super Mario Run to
                                                     be an evergreen application with broad popularity
                                                     worldwide that can be played without worrying
                                                     about additional purchases.




           Fire Emblem Heroes                        We released Fire Emblem Heroes in February of this
                                                     year. We have been focusing on operations and
                 • Released in February 2017         taking user opinion into account as we perform
                 • Focusing on Managing the Title    rapid updates and run events for this title with the
                   for Long-Term Enjoyment
                                                     goal of making it enjoyable over a long period of
                 • Value the Trust of the Consumer
                                                     time. Although item acquisition in this title is
                                                     randomized, we value the trust of our consumers
                                                     and do our best to assign prices that they will find to
                                                     be fair. In terms of business results, we have
                                                     reached a satisfactory level of sales.




  Recap for the Fiscal Year Ended March 2017
                                                     As shown earlier in the presentation, the Nintendo
                                                     Switch business got off to a steady start in the fiscal
   • Nintendo Switch off to a Steady Start
                                                     year ended March 2017.
   • Renewed Momentum for Nintendo 3DS
                                                     Renewed momentum was generated in the Nintendo
   • Kicked the Smart-Device Business into
                                                     3DS business.
     Full Gear and Gained Insights for
     Further Expansion                               We kicked the smart device business into full gear
                                                     and gained valuable insights for expanding the
                                                     business further.




                                                     10
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017



                                                 I will now discuss our outlook for the fiscal year
                                                 ending March 2018.

    Outlook for the Fiscal Year
       Ending March 2018




                                                 First I will talk about our outlook for Nintendo
                                                 Switch.




                                                 We are planning to ship 10 million units of Nintendo
                                                 Switch hardware in the fiscal year ending March
                                                 2018. The cumulative total for units shipped through
                                                 the fiscal year ending March 2018 will be 12.7
                                                 million units.
         Fiscal Year Ending March 2018
      Planned Shipments of 10 Million Units




  Growing the Nintendo Switch Installed Base     During this period we will focus on extending the
                                                 momentum of the Nintendo Switch business launch
         Steady Stream of New Titles             and achieving a broad installed base. All throughout
                                                 the year, and of course during the holiday season, it
    Titles with Social Competitive Gameplay
                                                 is critical that we maintain buzz around Nintendo
      Hit Titles from Third-Party Publishers     Switch.
                                                 To that end, we will release new titles at a regular
                                                 pace. Furthermore, we will aim for consumers to
                                                 continue enjoying Nintendo Switch for a long time
                                                 through exciting social multiplayer titles. In addition,
                                                 we hope to raise the value of Nintendo Switch by
                                                 working with third-party publishers to create
                                                 multiple hit titles early on and bolster the software
                                                 lineup.

                                                 11
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017



 March               March             March            These are the first-party titles that have already
                                                        been released or that have been announced for
  April              June              July             release in 2017.
                                                        We hope to create buzz and motivation for
 2017                2017                               consumers to purchase Nintendo Switch by
 Winter
                                                        releasing titles such as these at a regular pace
                                                        following the launch of Nintendo Switch.



                                                        We are also releasing two sets of paid downloadable
                                                        content for The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild,
                                                        in summer and winter of 2017. The Legend of Zelda:
                                                        Breath of the Wild is already a huge title, even
                                                        without this downloadable content, but we
                                                        anticipate that this initiative will lead to even more
                                                        consumers playing on Nintendo Switch.




    Titles with Social Competitive Gameplay             We will bring consumers these three exciting titles
                                                        with social competitive gameplay, which are all
                                                        scheduled to release worldwide by this summer, to
                                                        ensure that consumers can continue playing
                                                        Nintendo Switch long-term. While these titles can
                                                        obviously be played and enjoyed alone, each title in
          April 28           June 16          July 21
                                                        this lineup also encourages exciting competitive
                                                        multiplayer action.



                                                        Pre-orders for Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, which we
                                                        released today, were very promising. Mario Kart 8
                                                        Deluxe will be a definitive entry in the Mario Kart
                                                        series that both children and adults can enjoy
                                                        together. The battle mode is much more in-depth
                                                        compared to the previous installment in the series.
                                                        By sharing one of their Joy-Con controllers, players
                                                        only need a single Nintendo Switch to start playing
                                                        anytime and anywhere and inviting the people
                                                        around them to join in.

                                                        12
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017



                                                                             Next we will release our new IP, ARMS, on June 16.
                                                                             ARMS is a new type of fighting sports game in
                                                                             which players swing and tilt the Joy-Con to control
                                                                             their characters. Despite its intuitive controls which
                                                                             make it easy to pick up, ARMS is a title that has rich
                                                                             strategies and techniques. In ARMS, players can
                                                                             play one-on-one matches, or enjoy exciting team
                                                                             battles which pit players against each other in
                                                                             teams of two.



                                                                             Finally, on July 21, we will release Splatoon 2. The
                                                                             ability for players to bring their Nintendo Switch
                                                                             systems together and play local multiplayer matches
                                                                             in Splatoon 2 is a feature that can be expected
                                                                             generate a new gameplay scene that was not
                                                                             present in the previous installment in the series.
                                                                             We hope that these three first-party titles will all
                                                                             lead to continued play, encourage exciting social
                                                                             competitive gameplay throughout the summer, and
                                                                             accelerate momentum for Nintendo Switch going
                                                                             into the holiday season.



                                                                             For Nintendo Switch, the main factor in providing
                                                                             exciting social competitive gaming is its strength as
                                                                             a portable home gaming system. Players can hone
                                                                             their skills by competing against opponents from
                                                                             around the world over the Internet on their TV
                                                                             screen at home. Then they can take Nintendo
 Due to expiration of the term of use,
 we have removed certain images that were included at the time of release.
                                                                             Switch with them to start a local wireless match
                                                                             anywhere they go. They can even hand a Joy-Con
                                                                             over to another person to start playing competitively
                                                                             together. All three of the titles I have just introduced
                                                                             support multiplayer over the internet as well as local
                                                                             play that users can enjoy anywhere with their
                                                                             families and friends.



                                                                             13
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017



                                                            These unique characteristics of Nintendo Switch
                                                            expand the joy of social competitive gameplay in
                                                            third-party titles as well.
                                                            As previously announced, the NBA2K series by
                                                            Take-Two Games and the FIFA series by Electronic
                                                            Arts, both popular overseas, will be coming to
                                                            Nintendo Switch.




 Selection of Third-Party Titles to Be Released This Year   This is a portion of the third-party title lineup
                                                            planned for release this year. The titles listed here
                                                            are slated for release through the year in quick
                                                            succession. There will also be several unique titles
                                                            from indie developers coming to Nintendo Switch.
                                                            Also, we have heard that various third-party
                                                            publishers have much interest in unique features of
                                                            Nintendo Switch. The ability to play anytime and
                                                            anywhere on Nintendo Switch will undoubtedly
                                                            bring fresh appeal to games from third-party
                                                            publishers.
                                                            The variety of genres represented by these titles will
                                                            help Nintendo reach broader audiences than we
                                                            would be able to otherwise. On Nintendo Switch, we
                                                            are promoting the establishment of a collaborative
                                                            framework that facilitates the creation of many
                                                            successful third-party titles right away.




                                                            14
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017



                                                 Next I will talk about our outlook for the Nintendo
                                                 3DS business.
                                                 We will strive to utilize the large installed base of
                                                 the Nintendo 3DS family of systems in our business
                                                 to maintain the momentum we have regained over
                                                 the last year.




                                                 As we conveyed at the Corporate Management
                                                 Policy Briefing in February, Nintendo 3DS has
  • The price point and characteristics
    differ from Nintendo Switch, so they         characteristics as a handheld system that differ
    will not compete                             from those of Nintendo Switch. We do not think that
  • The businesses will be separate and          they compete directly in terms of price point or
    run in parallel
                                                 playstyle. We will run businesses separately and in
                                                 parallel.
                                                 We have also already stated that we think it is
                                                 critical that we provide software unique to Nintendo
                                                 3DS in order to run both the Nintendo Switch
                                                 business and the Nintendo 3DS business in parallel.



                                                 At the same time, we will also provide new
                                                 hardware options to help maintain the momentum of
     New Hardware Option to                      the Nintendo 3DS business. Please watch this
    Maintain the Momentum of                     video.
          the Business




                                                 (Please refer to the presentation material:
                                                  New Nintendo 2DS XL Introduction Movie)




                                                 15
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017



                                                         As you can see, we are adding
                                                         New Nintendo 2DS XL to the lineup of systems in
                                                         the Nintendo 3DS family. Just like
  XL-Size Screen
                                                         New Nintendo 3DS XL, which is currently available,
  Lightweight and Portable
  3DS Software on a 2D Screen
                                                         New Nintendo 2DS XL has a clamshell design. It
                                                         also has the same large LCD screen as
                                                         New Nintendo 3DS XL and is a lightweight system
                                                         for improved portability. Players can enjoy the more
                                                         than 1,000 Nintendo 3DS software titles available in
                                                         Japan on a 2D screen. Other than the fact that the
                                                         screen displays in 2D, New Nintendo 2DS XL has
                                                         the same basic capabilities as
                                                         New Nintendo 3DS XL.


                                                         Note: The New Nintendo 2DS LL will sold outside of
                                                         Japan as the New Nintendo 2DS XL.



                                                         The New Nintendo 2DS XL will launch in Japan, the
                                 Launches in July        U.S. and Europe in July. In Japan, it will have a
                                in Japan, the U.S.
                                    and Europe           manufacturer suggested retail price of 14,980 yen
                                    MSRP
                                                         (tax not included). In the U.S., the MSRP will be
                                    14,980 yen
                                    (tax not included)   $149.99. As a reference, the MSRP for the current
                                    US $149.99           New Nintendo 3DS XL is 18,800 yen (tax not
                                                         included) in Japan, while it is $199.99 in the U.S. We
                                                         can say that the New Nintendo 2DS XL will be
                                                         offered at a more affordable price. It broadens the
                                                         options available to consumers, whether they are
                                                         looking for their first handheld system, or want to
                                                         add a second or third handheld system for the
                                                         family.


                                                         Note 1: MSRP = Manufacturer’s Suggested Retail
                                                         Price
                                                         Note 2: Black x Turquoise will be the only color
                                                         available in the U.S.




                                                         16
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017



                                                                 The Nintendo 3DS family of systems has spread
                                                                 steadily worldwide, surpassing a total sell-through
                                                                 of 63 million units of hardware. We will continue to
         Leveraging the                                          work to make sure our business leverages this

         Installed Base                                          installed base by providing consumers with
                                                                 software.




  Continued Sale of Evergreen Titles                             With a multitude of titles already released, Nintendo
                                                                 3DS has a large and fulfilling library. We believe that
                                                                 it is important that we channel these titles in our
                                                                 sales. Trends show that these evergreen titles
                                                                 continue to sell well in the long term, especially
                                                                 overseas. We want to encourage consumers who
                                                                 recently purchased hardware to purchase these
                                                                 evergreen titles.




     Steady Stream of New Titles                                 We will also continue providing new titles. Fire
                                                                 Emblem Echoes: Shadows of Valentia, the latest
                                                                 title in the Fire Emblem series, was released April
                                                                 20 in Japan. It will release May 19 in the U.S. and
                                                                 Europe. On July 13, Ever Oasis, a new action-
                                                                 adventure RPG set in a world of desert, will be
                             New Kirby Multiplayer Action Game
                                                                 released. The same day, easy-to-play side-scroller
                                                                 action Hey! Pikmin will be out on Nintendo 3DS as
                                                                 the first Pikmin game on a handheld system. This
                                                                 year is also Kirby’s 25th anniversary. We will be
                                                                 releasing the Kirby titles you see here.


                                                                 Note: In the U.S. and Europe, Ever Oasis and will be
                                                                 released on June 23, and Hey! Pikmin will be
                                                                 released on July 28.



                                                                 17
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017



   Americas   Europe                                       These are first-party games that were released by
                                                           Nintendo in Japan and games developed and sold by
                                                           publishers in Japan that will be distributed by
   Europe                                Americas          Nintendo in the American and European markets.




              Third-Party Titles for Japan                 This slide shows announced titles from third parties
                                                           in Japan that will have already released as of April
                                                           2017 or that are planned for release through fall of
                                                           this year. As you can see, we have a rich lineup of
                                                           games planned for Japan again in this fiscal year.




                                                           Also, SQUARE ENIX recently announced that the
                                                           latest entry in the Dragon Quest series, Dragon
                                                           Quest XI: Sugisarishi Toki o Motomete, will be
                                                           released in Japan in July, around the time of the
                                                           launch of New Nintendo 2DS XL.
                       July 29 Release                     In this way, we are working to maintain momentum
                                                           in the Nintendo 3DS business by introducing new
                                                           titles and continuing to offer evergreen titles while
                                                           launching New Nintendo 2DS XL to expand the
                                                           available selection of hardware in the Nintendo 3DS
                                                           family of systems.



                                                           Finally, I will discuss the outlook for our smart-
              Smart-Device Business
                                                           device business. I would like to reaffirm Nintendo’s
     1 Maximize the Number of People Who Have Access to
       Nintendo IP                                         main goals for our smart-device business.
     2 Smart-Device Business Profitable on Its Own
     3 Synergy with Dedicated Video Game System Business



         Provide High-Quality Game Experiences
               Optimized for Smart Devices




                                                           18
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017



                                                 We will continue to provide service through the
                                                 applications we have already released so that
                                                 consumers can continue to enjoy playing those
                                                 titles.




                                                 Although we are not announcing any specific plans
        Smart-Device Business
                                                 today, we plan to continue releasing two to three
                                                 Nintendo titles per year as smart-device
      Continue to Release Two to
                                                 applications for consumers to enjoy.
      Three New Titles for Smart
           Devices Per Year




                                                 During this period we will achieve strong results
                                                 through three major initiatives: establishing
                                                 Nintendo Switch, maintaining Nintendo 3DS
                                                 momentum and continuing our smart device
                                                 business. We will also push forward on our goal to
                                                 expand the number of people who have access to
                                                 Nintendo IP.
                                                 Finally, the video game tradeshow E3 will be held in
                                                 Los Angeles this June. Again this year, we will not
                                                 be hosting a large-scale press conference for
                                                 institutional investors, analysts and the media.
                                                 Nintendo of America will present further information
                                                 on our plans at a later date.

                                                 This concludes our presentation.
                                                 Thank you very much.


          Thank You


                                                 19
Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2017



Disclaimers
The contents of this briefing as well as of the accompanying documents and materials are based
upon the information available and the judgments which can be made at the time of the
announcement. Nintendo is not responsible for updating or changing these materials if the
information presented changes due to future circumstances or for other reasons.
Also, forecasts referred to in this briefing and accompanying documents and materials involve known
and unknown risks and uncertainties. Please note that such risks and uncertainties may cause actual
results to be materially different from the forecasts.




                                                   20
