Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020



                                                      Thank you for making time to attend. I am Shuntaro
                                                      Furukawa, president of Nintendo. Executive Officer Mr.
   2nd Quarter Results for
   Fiscal Year Ending March 2020                      Murakami has just presented our financial results for

   Financial Results Briefing                         the period.

                             November 1, 2019
                             Nintendo Co., Ltd.
                             Director and President
                             Shuntaro Furukawa




                                                      I will now talk about our corporate initiatives, focusing
            Today's Topics
                                                      on these three topics.
         Initial Status of Nintendo                   In September, we launched a new addition to the
     1
         Switch Lite and Mario Kart Tour
         First Half Momentum and                      Nintendo Switch family, Nintendo Switch Lite. And with
     2
         Analysis                                     regards to software for Nintendo Switch, we have seen
         Key Points for the Holiday
     3                                                continued sales growth for previously-released titles, in
         Season
                                                      addition to the wide array of unique new titles that we
                                                      and other publishers have released during this period.
                                                      These are among the ways we are drawing the attention
                                                      of consumers around the world in the second half of this
                                                      fiscal year.



                                                      The first topic I'd like to talk about is the initial status of
            Today's Topics
                                                      Nintendo Switch Lite, which launched in September,
         Initial Status of Nintendo                   and the initial status of our new mobile application
     1
         Switch Lite and Mario Kart Tour
         First Half Momentum and                      Mario Kart Tour, which also released in September.
     2
         Analysis

     3   Holiday Season Key Points




                                                      We launched Nintendo Switch Lite worldwide as a
                                                      dedicated handheld version of Nintendo Switch that’s
                                                      compact and lightweight, making it easy to take on the
                                                      go. Let me begin with discussing its sales trends.




                                                           1
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020



                                                                                                    This chart shows the overall sell-through per week for
   Nintendo Switch Family Sell-Through(JP/NA/EU)

                  Nintendo Switch Lite Launch
                                                                                                    the entire Nintendo Switch family in Japan, North
                                                                                                    America, and Europe, starting four weeks prior to launch
                                                                                                    of Nintendo Switch Lite. The portions in red indicate
                                                                                                    sell-through for Nintendo Switch Lite.
    Aug.   Aug.   Sept.   Sept.   Sept.   Sept.   Oct.   Oct.   Oct.
                                                                                                    You can see how Nintendo Switch Lite added to sell-
    W3     W4      W1      W2      W3      W4     W1     W2     W3
                                                                                 Source: Nintendo

                                                                                                    through of Nintendo Switch, which continued at the
                                                                                                    same steady pace that it had set this summer. Looking
                                                                                                    at the state of this initial response, I would say Nintendo
                                                                                                    Switch Lite generating its own demand, without
                                                                                                    negatively impacting sales trends for Nintendo Switch.
                                                                                                    In fact, sales of Nintendo Switch (shown in gray) grew
                                                                                                    noticeably in the week following the launch of Nintendo
                                                                                                    Switch Lite. That was the same week as the release of
                                                                                                    Dragon Quest XI S: Echoes of an Elusive Age -
                                                                                                    Definitive Edition and the launch of a special Dragon
                                                                                                    Quest-edition Nintendo Switch in the Japanese market.
                                                                                                    The Japanese market was also likely affected by last-
                                                                                                    minute demand before the consumption tax increase.
                                                                                                    Next, let's look at what kinds of consumers have been
                                                                                                    the initial purchasers of Nintendo Switch Lite.




    Initial Nintendo Switch Lite Sales Trends
                                                                                                    Looking at the initial trends, which are based on our
                                                     Percentage of Nintendo Switch Lite             information about consumers who have registered their
  • Women constitute a                                units bought as a second system
                                                       (Based on Nintendo Accounts)
    larger percentage of first-                                                                     Nintendo Account on a Nintendo Switch Lite system, we
    time buyers than before
                                                           Second      First-Time
                                                                                                    are starting to see a higher percentage of female users
  • For a good number of                                   System      Purchase
    purchasers, this is their                              43%           57%                        among new Nintendo Switch Lite purchasers compared
    second Nintendo Switch
                                                                                                    to the status before the launch of Nintendo Switch Lite,
                                                                                 Source: Nintendo

                                                                                                    across the world. This signals further expansion of the
                                                                                                    female consumer base.
                                                                                                    Furthermore, the pool of consumers purchasing
                                                                                                    Nintendo Switch Lite during the initial launch period
                                                                                                    includes not only users purchasing it as their first
                                                                                                    system, but also a good number of consumers
                                                                                                    purchasing it as their second system from the Nintendo
                                                                                                    Switch family.
                                                                                                    Among these consumers buying Nintendo Switch Lite as
                                                                                                    a second system, some are doing so to supplement a
                                                                                                         2
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020



                                                  single Nintendo Switch console shared among the
                                                  family, while others are opting to buy Nintendo Switch
                                                  Lite as a compact, lightweight system to take on the go.



                                                  We will now continue spreading awareness of the
     Future Plans for Nintendo Switch Lite
                                                  features and appeal of the newly launched Nintendo
                  • Spread awareness and
                    increase opportunities to
                                                  Switch Lite among a wide range of consumers. First, we
                    appreciate the value of the   will expand our efforts to communicate the features and
                    product hands-on
                  • Increase the number of        appeal of the product as we head into the full-fledged
                    second-system purchasers
                    and new consumers             holiday season.
                                                  For example, we have found that consumers gain
                                                  deeper understanding of Nintendo Switch Lite when
                                                  they actually see and hold it, so we will further increase
                                                  the number of opportunities like in-store experiences.
                                                  We will continue to communicate its appeal after the
                                                  holiday season, so that new consumers will choose it as
                                                  their first system, in addition to those who purchase it
                                                  as a second system from the Nintendo Switch family.



                                                  Today, we launched a specially designed Nintendo
                                                  Switch Lite in the Japanese market, ahead of the
                                                  release of Pokémon Sword and Pokémon Shield. Before
                                                  the release of last year’s Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu!
                                                  and Pokémon: Let's Go, Eevee!, most Pokémon series
                                                  titles were released for handheld game systems. We
                                                  think this will make the handheld Nintendo Switch Lite
                                                  a familiar and enticing proposal to Pokémon fans.



                                                  Note: Scheduled for release on November 8, 2019 in
                                                  North America, Europe, and Australia, and on November
                                                  1, 2019 in Korea, Hong Kong, and Taiwan.




                                                       3
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020



                                                  Next, let me talk about the Mario Kart Tour mobile
                                                  application. This application was released in a total of
                                                  163 countries and regions on September 25.




                                                  Mario Kart Tour is a new Mario Kart title you can play
        Both download and player
        counts rose to record highs
                                                  with one hand as you race through courses themed after
                                                  cities around the world. It was released about one
                                                  month ago, and the number of downloads and the
                                                  number of players are both trending at the highest
                                                  levels ever among our mobile applications. The
                                                  application contains not only randomized paid items, but
                                                  also a paid subscription service called Gold Pass as a
                                                  new offering. As the number of players has increased,
                                                  so too have the number of people purchasing items and
                                                  subscribing to Gold Pass.
                                                  Since release, Mario Kart Tour has held a New York
                                                  Tour followed by a Tokyo Tour, and the Halloween Tour
                                                  is now open. We will continue development of this title
                                                  to keep players engaged with seasonal events and tours
                                                  themed around city motifs, in addition to more familiar
                                                  courses.
                                                  And with regards to future application updates,


                                                  A beta test of a real-time multiplayer mode for Gold
                                                  Pass members will begin in December. Players will be
                                                  able to experience real-time multiplayer battles ahead
                                                  of the full-scale release. More details about the beta
                                                  test will be announced at a later date.
            Multi-Player Beta Test Begins
            this December for Gold Pass Members
                                                  Going forward, we will encourage users to continue
                                                  playing Mario Kart Tour through a combination of
                                                  feature expansions and operational management, with
                                                  the goal of making this an evergreen title for smart
                                                  device owners.
                                                       4
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020



                                                                                                                                        Now let's look at the momentum in the first half of the
            Today's Topics
                                                                                                                                        fiscal year from April through September, and an
          Initial Status of Nintendo                                                                                                    analysis of that momentum.
     1
          Switch Lite and Mario Kart Tour
          First Half Momentum and
     2
          Analysis
          Key Points for the Holiday
     3
          Season




                                                                                                                                        In the Nintendo Switch business, first-quarter sales
                                                                                                                                        trends for both hardware and software surpassed those

     Major momentum growth in the                                                                                                       for the same period of the previous fiscal year. In the
     first half was driven by software,                                                                                                 second quarter, sales for first-party software and
     during and after the summer.
                                                                                                                                        software from other publishers were both favorable, and
                                                                                                                                        trended well above those in the previous fiscal year.



                                                                                                                                        Nintendo released a string of new titles from June
          Steady Release of New Titles
                                                                                                                                        through September, as shown here. We’ve assembled a
   June      July      July                               Aug.                                     Sept.
                                                                                                                                        lineup that ranges from sequels to popular titles and to
                                                                                                                                        completely new titles, including those that can be
                                                                                                                                        enjoyed by a wide range of consumers, from video game
                                                                                                                                        fans to those new to playing games.




                    • Sell-though in first 13
                                                                                                                                        Initial sell-through for the 13 weeks following the June
                      weeks from release 1.5x                                                                                           release of Super Mario Maker 2 represents a 1.5x
                      that of prior games in the
                      series (Total for Japan, North America, and Europe)                                                               increase over that of past titles in the series. The cycle
                    • Over 8 million courses                                                                                            of fun created by building Mario courses and playing the
                      posted online

                    • Those courses have been
                                                                                                                                        new courses uploaded online every day makes this a
                      played over 400 million                                                                                           title that consumers can continuously enjoy. You can
                      times
                           Includes digital sales / Course and play counts are worldwide totals as of October 2019 / Source: Nintendo
                                                                                                                                        see this from the total number of courses uploaded daily
                                                                                                                                        and the number of times those courses have been
                                                                                                                                        played. A total of more than 8 million have been
                                                                                                                                        uploaded to date. What's more, these courses have
                                                                                                                                        been played by consumers a total of more than 400
                                                                                                                                        million times. We anticipate this will become an
                                                                                                                                        evergreen title that consumers continue to play long-
                                                                                                                                        term.
                                                                                                                                                5
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020



                                                Fire Emblem Series Sell-Through                                                                      This graph compares the sell-through for Fire Emblem:
                                              (Japan, North America, and Europe)

                                                                                                                                                     Three Houses, released in July, with the sell-through of
                                               1,700                                                                        2,000


                                                                                                                            1,500                    past titles in the Fire Emblem series. The gray bars
                                                                                                                            1,000
                                                                                                                                                     represent total sell-through for each of these titles,
                                                                                                                            500
                                                                                                                                                     while the red portions indicate how much of that sell-
                                                                                                                            0

                                                                                                                           (1,000
                                                                                                                            units)
                                                                                                                                                     through occurred in the 13 weeks after release.
                                                    Total sell-through in first 13 weeks after release / Includes digital sales / Source: Nintendo
                                                                                                                                                     Fire Emblem: Three Houses is off to the best start of
                                                                                                                                                     any title in the series, with sell-through already
                                                                                                                                                     exceeding 1.7 million units. The Fire Emblem series has
                                                                                                                                                     been gaining popularity outside of Japan, especially
                                                                                                                                                     after the release of Fire Emblem Awakening for
                                                                                                                                                     Nintendo 3DS. This newest title in the series is selling
                                                                                                                                                     well in the North American market, which accounts for
                                                                                                                                                     over 50% of its overall sell-through.



                                                                                                                                                     The Legend of Zelda: Link’s Awakening was released
                                    • Simultaneous                                                                                                   simultaneously with Nintendo Switch Lite in September.
                                      release with
                                      Nintendo Switch Lite                                                                                           Sell-through in the first five weeks exceeded 2 million
                                    • Sell-through of over                                                                                           units. The game is popular not only with the fans of the
                                      2 million units in
                                      first 5 weeks                                                                                                  Zelda series, but also with women and children. This
                                        (Total for Japan, North America, and Europe)

                                                                                                                                                     title is a rebirth of the original Game Boy version from
                                                                                                       Includes digital sales / Source: Nintendo
                                                                                                                                                     26 years ago. For many, playing the game on Nintendo
                                                                                                                                                     Switch Lite will bring back fond memories of the Game
                                                                                                                                                     Boy version of The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening,
                                                                                                                                                     which was the first title in the Zelda series to appear on
                                                                                                                                                     a handheld system.




   Nintendo Switch First-Party Software Sell-Through                                                                                                 This graph shows sell-through of first-party Nintendo
                      (JP/NA/EU)
                                 +53%           22.01                     M units
                                                                                                                                                     Switch software in the six months from April through
             20
                                                                                                                                                     September in all major markets. Sell-through of first-
             15         14.35 M units
                                                                                                                                                     party software in the first half of this fiscal year grew by
             10


               5
                                                                                                                                                     53% compared to the same period in the previous fiscal
               0
                                                                                                                                                     year.
          (million       April–September
                     April-September 2018        April–September
                                             April-September 2019
            units)
                                                                                  Includes system bundles and digital sales / Source: Nintendo




                                                                                                                                                             6
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020



            Nintendo Switch First-Party Software                                                                         This graph shows the trend since April for the sell-
                   Sell-Through Growth (JP/NA/EU)
                                                                                                                         through we just looked at. We have been steadily
                                                   2019
         20
                                                                                                                         releasing titles since this summer, and they all have
                                                                                                                         been selling well, leading to growth in sell-through in
         10
                                                   2018
                                                                                                                         the second quarter.
           0                                                                                                             In addition to new titles, our rich library of existing titles
      (million     Apr.   May     June     July       Aug.                 Sept.

                                                                                                                         released during previous fiscal years also contributed to
        units)
                                                          Includes system bundles and digital sales / Source: Nintendo




                                                                                                                         strong sales.



               Sell-Through of Evergreen Titles For                                                                      As you can see, the sell-through of these evergreen
                April-September 2019 (JP/NA/EU)
                                                                                                                         titles that were released before March 2019 continued
                                                                                                                         to grow since April, and have been a major presence.
           1.32M units 1.91M units       530k units      840k units                                                      Consumers who purchase a new Nintendo Switch
                                                                                                                         system for the first time today view these evergreen
                                                                                                                         titles as equally valuable to the new titles. As the
      1.04M               1.22M units       1.84M                 1.14M units
                                                                                                                         hardware spreads, we can expect the sales of these
                 units                                units
                                                          Includes system bundles and digital sales / Source: Nintendo

                                                                                         Note: Includes



                                                                                                                         evergreen titles to continue to grow as well.



  Nintendo Switch First-Party Software Sell-Through                                                                      This pie graph indicates in red the proportion of sell-
                                (JP/NA/EU)
                            April–September 2019
                                                                                                                         through of titles released before the end of March 2019
                                                                                                                         out of all titles sold during the six months of April
        New titles
                           37%                                                                                           through September. The fact that those titles, which
                                         63%                  Released before
                                                              end of last fiscal                                         include the evergreen titles we just saw, account for
                                                              year
                                                                                                                         over 60% of total sell-through demonstrates how they
                                                          Includes system bundles and digital sales / Source: Nintendo
                                                                                                                         greatly contribute to software sales as a whole.


                                                                                                                         So far, we have only been discussing first-party
                                                                                                                         Nintendo Switch software, but our solid software lineup
                                                                                                                         is not limited to just those. Other software publishers
                                                                                                                         have also continued to release a wide variety of new
                                                                                                                         titles, and I'd like to introduce a few of these.




                                                                                                                              7
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020



                                                    These are just some of the titles that have been
     Nintendo Switch Titles From Other Publishers
                                                    released by other software publishers for Nintendo
                                                    Switch. DAEMON X MACHINA, released by Marvelous
                                                    Entertainment in September, is an all-new mech action
                                                    game that also supports multiplayer play made possible
                                                    by Nintendo Switch, and features exhilarating mech
                                                    action designed to suit different styles of play.
                                                    September was also when Square Enix released Dragon
                                                    Quest XI S: Echoes of an Elusive Age - Definitive
                                                    Edition. Players can enjoy this game in both 2D and 3D
                                                    modes, and it also features new scenarios and elements
                                                    not found in the original versions. Disney Tsum Tsum
                                                    Festival, released by Bandai Namco Entertainment in
                                                    October, is a fun and boisterous party game featuring
                                                    Disney character Tsum Tsum. And today, Sega released
                                                    Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games Tokyo 2020. In
                                                    addition to popular Olympic events, this title also
                                                    features the game's original dream events as well as
                                                    nostalgic pixel-art 2D events.




                                                    Fishing Spirits Nintendo Switch Version, released by
                                                    Bandai Namco Entertainment in July, lets consumers
                                                    play on Nintendo Switch the medal-based fishing
                                                    simulation arcade game that is especially popular
                                                    among kids. In this title, the Joy-Con controllers serve
                                                    as the fishing rod and reel, and they vibrate when a fish
                                                    takes the bait, creating the kind of realistic experience
                                                    only available on Nintendo Switch. The title also has a
                                                    tournament mode that makes use of Joy-Con sharing for
                                                    fun competitive play, which is another kind of play
                                                    unique to Nintendo Switch. This title is only sold in
                                                    Japan, but we have heard that it continues to exceed
                                                    initial expectations and is on the way to becoming a hit.




                                                         8
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020



                                                                                       The strong performance of these software titles also
                                                                                       positively affects hardware sales.




   Nintendo Switch Family Sell-Through (Japan)
                                                                                       This chart shows sell-through for the Nintendo Switch
         1,000                   +72%
                                                                                       family of systems in Japan. Second quarter sales in
          800                                                                          Japan exceeded the same period in the previous fiscal
          600
                                                                                       year by 72%.
          400
                                                     2019

                                                     2018
                                                                                       We attribute this growth to several factors, including the
          200

              0
                                                                                       launch of the new Nintendo Switch model with longer
         (1,000     April-June      July-September
          units)                                      Source: Nintendo, Media Create
                                                                                       battery life and of Nintendo Switch Lite, as well as the
                                                                                       impact of the last-minute demand seen before the
                                                                                       consumption tax increase.



   Nintendo Switch System Family Sell-Through                                          This is the North American market. Second quarter sell-
                    (North America)
         1,000            +25%                                                         though in North America exceeded the same period in
          800                                                                          the previous fiscal year by 25%. As reported the other
          600
                                                                                       day by Nintendo of America, total sell-through for the
          400
                                                     2019

                                                     2018
                                                                                       Nintendo Switch family of systems in the North
          200

              0
                                                                                       American market has already exceeded 15 million units,
          (1,000    April-June      July-September
                                                                                       and this is prior to the official start of the holiday
           units)
                                                                   Source: Nintendo




                                                                                       season.



   Nintendo Switch System Family Sell-Through                                          Sales in the European market also exceeded those of
                          (Europe)
          800                    +25%                                                  the same period in the previous fiscal year by 25%. As

          600
                                                                                       recently reported by Nintendo of Europe, total sell-
          400
                                                                                       through in the European market has exceeded 10 million
          200
                                                     2019

                                                     2018
                                                                                       units.
              0
         (1,000     April–June      July–September
                                                                                       Last year, several new major title releases were
          units)
                                                                   Source: Nintendo




                                                                                       concentrated in the holiday season, starting with Super
                                                                                       Smash Bros. Ultimate, which resulted in especially high
                                                                                            9
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020



                                                                                        sales for both software and hardware during that time.
                                                                                        It will not be easy to surpass the numbers from last
                                                                                        fiscal year's holiday season, but even compared to the
                                                                                        last fiscal year, we can say that the Nintendo Switch
                                                                                        business is heading into this holiday season with the
                                                                                        worldwide momentum it has had since summer.



                                                                                        September marked the one-year anniversary of the
                                                                                        launch of Nintendo Switch Online. Global membership
                                                                                        numbers are increasing steadily this fiscal year.




  One year has passed since the launch of the service, and the
          number of members has steadily increased




      Members-Only Software                  Members-Only Products
                                                                                        We have previously discussed out the importance of
                                                                                        expanding the Nintendo Switch Online service in ways
                                                                      Nintendo Switch
                                                                                        that appeal to consumers. Here are the services and
                                                                      Game Vouchers

      Playable for Free         Available for purchase on My Nintendo Store             benefits added since the launch of Nintendo Switch
                                NES and Super NES - Nintendo Switch Online
                                                                                        Online last year. Going forward, we will continue to
        Members-Only Services




                                                                                        enhance service content to encourage owners of the
                                                                                        Nintendo Switch system or Nintendo Switch Lite system
                                                                                        to try the service and see its appeal first-hand, so they
                                                                                        will join and maintain a subscription.



                                                                                        Note: The services shown feature content available in
                                                                                        Japan, which may differ in other regions.



                                                                                        Finally, let me talk about some additional key points for
                        Today's Topics
                                                                                        this year's holiday season.
                 Initial Status of Nintendo
       1
                 Switch Lite and Mario Kart Tour
                 First Half Momentum and
       2
                 Analysis
                 Key Points for the Holiday
       3
                 Season



                                                                                             10
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020



                                                 Ring Fit Adventure, Luigi’s Mansion 3, and Pokémon
    Major Titles for the Holiday Season
                                                 Sword and Pokémon Shield will be the new major titles
                                                 released for the holiday season this year.



  October 18   October 31   November 15
   Release      Release       Release




                                                 Luigi's Mansion 3, the latest title in the Luigi's Mansion
                                                 series, was released yesterday on Halloween. This title
                                                 is set in a giant ghost hotel, where the player uses new
                                                 types of actions to explore a variety of bizarre floors.
                                                 Multiplayer is available for all modes in this title. You
                                                 can share Joy-Con controllers to play through the story
                                                 with two players, or enjoy a party game that is separate
                                                 from the story and supports up to eight players. This
                                                 title can be enjoyed alone or with others, which makes it
                                                 perfect for the holiday season.




                                                 In November, we will be releasing Pokémon Sword and
                                                 Pokémon Shield, the newest titles in the Pokémon
                                                 series. These titles still have all the fun of collecting,
                                                 raising, trading, and battling that the Pokémon series is
                                                 known for, plus they feature never-before-seen
                                                 Pokémon that live in the Galar region, where the new
                                                 adventure is set. They also include elements to enhance
                                                 Pokémon battles, and use communication features for
                                                 play with other users.
                                                 The titles are enjoyable not only by fans of the Pokémon
                                                 series, but also by those who got their first taste of the
                                                 series on a dedicated video game platform with
                                                 Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu! and Pokémon: Let's Go,
                                                 Eevee!.




                                                      11
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020



   Releases From Other Software Publishers Also Increasing   Other software publishers are also releasing titles in a
                                                             variety of genres for the holiday season and onwards.
                                                             What you see here is just a sampling, that includes
                                                             titles that satisfy game fans and casual titles that can
                                                             be enjoyed by many players together, revivals of past
                                                             classics and indie titles created by developers with their
                                                             own unique style, we have gathered a collection of
                                                             various titles on Nintendo Switch to answer the diverse
                                                             needs of consumers.



                                                             And then there is Ring Fit Adventure, which was
                                                             released on October 18.




                                                             Ring Fit Adventure offers players the unique experience
                                Exercise while
                               adventuring on                of exercising by playing an adventure game. The Ring-
           Ring-Con
                                Nintendo Switch.             Con and Leg Strap with Joy-Con controllers attached
                                                             recognize the strength or mobility of arms, shoulders,
                                                             chest, stomach, back, hips, legs, and other parts of body
                                                             through exercise, allowing players to take on a variety of
           Leg Strap


                                                             activities along their adventure.



                                                             This title includes 60 types of fitness exercises. There is
                                                             enough content in adventure mode to play for nearly
                                                             three months at 30 minutes of exercise per day,
                                                             depending on the though individual. Ring Fit Adventure
                                                             can be configured at an exercise level to suit the
                                                             stamina of any user, regardless of whether they are
                                                             good at exercising or not.




                                                                  12
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020



                                                 We are receiving a variety of responses from consumers
                                                 who purchased Ring Fit Adventure. These include
                                                 positive responses to the fitness itself, with comments
                                                 like "I kept training because I want to know what
                                                 happens next in the adventure," "I ran out of breath on
                                                 the first adventure stage," “My muscles were sore the
                                                 next day," and “It's nice to be able to do fitness
                                                 exercises at home." Many of the consumers who
                                                 purchased the title on day one in Japan, the US, and
                                                 Europe are between 20 and 30 years old, and a lot of
                                                 them are women. Going forward into the holiday season
                                                 and continuing into next year, we want to keep
                                                 expanding the sales of Ring Fit Adventure so that it can
                                                 be enjoyed by players across the world, regardless of
                                                 age or gender.



                                                 And finally, as we recently announced, Nintendo
                                                 TOKYO, our first directly managed official store in
                                                 Japan, will open on the 6th floor of Shibuya PARCO on
                                                 the 22nd of this month.
                                                 In addition to selling game systems, software, and
                                                 character merchandise, we are also planning to host
                                                 events and demos at Nintendo TOKYO. We plan to
                                                 provide game demos of multiple existing titles, starting
                                                 with the Ring Fit Adventure title that we looked at a
                                                 moment ago. We aim for this store to become a base for
                                                 releasing Nintendo information within Japan that can be
                                                 enjoyed by a broad range of consumers.



                                                 The focus of today’s discussion has mainly been on the
                                                 Nintendo Switch business. We are entering into the
                                                 third holiday season for Nintendo Switch with even
                                                 greater momentum than last year. Games like Ring Fit
                                                 Adventure represent the kind of unique entertainment
                                                 that Nintendo can provide through integrated
                                                 development of hardware and software. It is an
                                                 opportunity to attract the interest of more consumers
                                                      13
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2020



                                                 and expand the Nintendo Switch market. Going forward,
                                                 we will also work on growing our mobile business and
                                                 IP-related properties, including video content and theme
                                                 park projects, while increasing the installed base of the
                                                 Nintendo Switch family of systems.


                                                 This concludes today’s presentation. We appreciate
                                                 your time and attendance. Thank you.



Disclaimers
The contents of this briefing as well as of the accompanying documents and materials are based
upon the information available and the judgments which can be made at the time of the
announcement. Nintendo is not responsible for updating or changing these materials if the
information presented changes due to future circumstances or for other reasons.
Also, forecasts referred to in this briefing and accompanying documents and materials involve known
and unknown risks and uncertainties. Please note that such risks and uncertainties may cause actual
results to be materially different from the forecasts.




                                                      14
