Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2019



                                                               Thank you for making time to attend Nintendo’s
                                                               financial briefing. My name is Shuntaro Furukawa. I
              Second Quarter for Fiscal Year
                   Ending March 2019                           assumed the role of company president on June 28 this
      Financial Results Briefing                               year. Thank you in advance for your support.
                                                               Mr. Takahashi, Senior Executive Officer, has just
                                     2018-10-31
                                     Nintendo Co., Ltd.
                                     Director and President    presented our financial results for the period. I will cover
                                     Shuntaro Furukawa

                                                               the present business situation and the outlook for the
                                                               coming holiday season.



                                                               Today's presentation will cover these two subjects.


       Nintendo Switch Business Update


       Outlook for the Holiday Season and Onward




                                                               First, let's talk about the Nintendo Switch business
                                                               situation.
       Nintendo Switch Business Update

                                                               Regarding the Nintendo Switch business, sales of
       Outlook for the Holiday Season and Onward
                                                               Nintendo's own evergreen titles and new titles are
                                                               showing steady growth, and Nintendo Switch hardware
                                                               sales are also stable as its momentum as a platform has
                                                               continued to build. In light of these trends, we are in a
                                                               very favorable position as we enter the holiday season.
                                                               Let me discuss these points in order.

       Broadening Appreciation for Nintendo Switch
                Through Play Experiences
                                                               Nintendo Switch is a game system you can carry around
                                                               and play in a variety of situations, not just in front of the
                                                               TV, so as people see it in a variety of places and are
                                                 anytime       presented with increasing opportunities to experience
                                                 anywhere
                                                 with anyone
                                                               gameplay, there is broadening appreciation of the
                                                               appeal and the value of the hardware. We have been
                                                               proactively introducing a variety of scenarios for
                                                               gameplay that broaden this appreciation for Nintendo
                                                               Switch.

                                                                    1
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2019



                                                       At the financial results briefing in April, then-president
                                                       Kimishima noted how important it was for Nintendo
                 Encouraging                           Switch in its second year to continue to provide
                 Long-Term Play                        consumers who purchased the hardware with reasons to
                 With Nintendo Switch
                                                       stay interested in playing on the system. Here, let me
                                                       introduce several initiatives that the company has
                                                       undertaken to this end.




     Encouraging Long-Term Play With Nintendo Switch   One initiative involves the continual updating and
                                                       delivery of add-on content for games. For example, titles
                                                       like Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and Splatoon 2 that were
                      Game Content
                        Updates
                     Add-on Content,
                                                       released last year have gotten more updates since April
                     New Characters
                        Released                       of this year with additions to game elements. And titles
                                                       like Kirby Star Allies and Mario Tennis Aces that were
                                                       just released this year have been updated for free.




     Encouraging Long-Term Play With Nintendo Switch   Alongside these additions of content, we have held
                                                       recurring, limited-time in-game online events for
                                                       individual titles. For titles like the ones shown here, the
                                                       final user rankings from the events are shown on the
                                                       official website.




     Encouraging Long-Term Play With Nintendo Switch   The Splatoon 2 World Championship and Super Smash
                                                       Bros. Ultimate exhibition matches held in June of this
                                                       year at E3 are just two examples of the variety of non-
                                                       online events we have also been holding.
                                                       Game contests are a place where gamers can put their
                                                       practiced skills to the test, but the venues also are
                                                       prepared as fun experiences that can draw crowds of
                                                       spectators. We view these events as places where

                                                            2
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2019



                                                                                                                crowds of people can gather to feel the energy of our
                                                                                                                game communities. The events are streamed live over
                                                                                                                the internet, so people at home can also enjoy the thrills
                                                                                                                of exciting matches.


                                                                                                                Note: E3…Electronic Entertainment Expo, an annual
                                                                                                                game show held in the US.



                                                                                                                We are planning all kinds of events going forward. In the
                                                                                                                Japanese market, Nintendo Live 2018 is set to take
                                                                                                                place in November, and will feature tournaments for
                                                                                                                Splatoon 2, Mario Tennis Aces, and ARMS, as well as a
                                                                                                                tournament for Super Smash Bros. Ultimate ahead of its
                                                                                                                release. And we're not just planning competitions: we're
                                                                                                                also planning events such as demos for Super Smash
                                                                                                                Bros Ultimate, Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu!, and
                                                                                                                Pokémon: Let's Go, Eevee!, as part of our wholehearted
                                                                                                                effort to prepare events that a wide range of consumers
                                                                                                                can enjoy.



            Nintendo Switch Console Sell-Through (JP/US/EU)                                                     Consumer interest in Nintendo Switch is leading to sales
     800
                                                                                                                of the system. This chart shows Nintendo Switch sell-
 千



     600                                                                                                        through in the markets of Japan, the US, and Europe in
     400                                                                                                        and after April of this year. As you can see, sell-through
     200                                                                                                        dipped in April and May but then grew especially in the
       0
  (1,000        Apr   May       Jun                   Jul                Aug                  Sep
                                                                                                                Europe and US markets, fueled by E3 in June and the
   units)      2018
                                                                                                                dissemination of information surrounding that event and
                            For months that include an additional week, sales for that week are split evenly
                            between that month and the following month.        Source: Nintendo, Media Create




                                                                                                                the release of major titles.


                                                                                                                We will continuously work to encourage those who have
                                                                                                                purchased the games to continue to play their Nintendo
                                                                                                                Switch systems and also to pique the interest of those
                                                                                                                who do not own the games.




                                                                                                                     3
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2019



                                                                                                                              The Nintendo Switch business is now on a stable growth
                                                                                                                              trajectory.

                            Nintendo Switch On
                            Stable Growth Trajectory




                                                                                                                              A number of evergreen titles that help to maximize the
                                                                                                                              appeal of Nintendo Switch are already available,
                                                                                                                              including Super Mario Odyssey, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe,
                                                                                                                              The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, and Splatoon 2.
                                                                                                                              All of these titles were released last year and are
                                                                                                                              sustaining their sales momentum.




        Nintendo Evergreen Title Sell-Through Trends (JP/US/EU)                                                               This chart shows the combined sell-through in Japan,
  1,200                                                                                                                       the US, and Europe for the four previously mentioned
  1,000

    800
                                                                                                                              titles in April and beyond. Sales have continued to grow
    600                                                                                                                       for every title with no significant decline in the pace.
    400

    200

       0
   (1,000       Apr           May                 Jun                 Jul               Aug                 Sep
    units)     2018     For months that include an additional week, sales for that week are split evenly between that month
                        and the following month.    Includes download sales and bundles. / Source: Nintendo, Media Create




             Console Attach Rate for Nintendo Evergreen Titles
                            (Japan /US/Europe)                                                                                This chart compares the console attach rate for
                0%    10%     20%      30%       40%       50%       60%       70%       80%       90%      100%

                                                                                                                              Nintendo evergreen titles in January and September of
                                                                                                Consol e Sel l -Thr ough


                                                                                                                              this year. As the chart shows, there was no significant
                                                                                                Appr oxi matel y
                                                                                                12 million units

                                                                                 As of January 2018

                                                                                                                              change in the console attach rates for these four titles
                0%    10%     20%      30%       40%       50%       60%       70%       80%       90%      100%




                                                                                                Consol e Sel l -Thr ough
                                                                                                                              even though there was a combined sell-through of
                                                                                                Approximately
                                                                                                18 million uni ts
                                                                                                                              roughly 6 million systems in Japan, the US, and Europe
                                                                               As of September 2018

                                          Software includes download sales and bundles. / Source: Nintendo, Media Create
                                                                                                                              over the course of that time. This implies that these
                                                                                                                              titles are continuing to sell at a sustainable rate, and at
                                                                                                                              the same pace as the hardware. We can expect the
                                                                                                                              evergreen titles to continue to sell as long as the
                                                                                                                              hardware continues to sell.

                                                                                                                                   4
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2019



                                                                                                                                     Note: The console attach rate is calculated as (total sell-
                                                                                                                                     through for a title) ÷ (total sell-through for the
                                                                                                                                     hardware).



                                                                                                                                     A new software title named Mario Tennis Aces was
                                                                                                                                     released on June 22. This title meshes with the
                                                                                                                                     advantages of Nintendo Switch as a game that
                                                                                                                                     consumers can “play anytime, anywhere, with anyone”
                                                                                                                                     and continue to enjoy in ways that fit their different
                                                                                                                                     styles of play. As such, it has particular importance
                                                                                                                                     among all the new titles released in the first half.




               Mario Tennis Series Sell-Through                                                                                      This chart compares the sell-through up to the present
                           (Japan /US/Europe, First 17 Weeks)

       0    200       400         600          800       1,000 1,200 1,400 1,600 (1,000 units)
                                                                                                                                     time for Mario Tennis Aces with the sell-through of past
                                                                                                                                     titles in the series for the same period of time after their
                                                                                                                                     releases. This title made an impressive showing with
                                                                                                                                     even greater momentum than past titles in the series.
                                                                                                                                     When a new title like this is a hit that becomes an
             Total sell-through in first 17 weeks after release / Includes download sales / Source: Nintendo, Media Create
                                                                                                                                     evergreen title, it rounds out our software lineup and
                                                                                                                                     helps to further stabilize the foundation of our business.




                                                                                                                                     Nintendo Switch Online, the paid service that expands
                                                                                                                                     the online functionality of Nintendo Switch, became
                                                                                                                                     available in September 2018. The launch went according
                                                                                                                                     to expectations, except that consumers who have
                                                                                                                                     purchased a subscription to this point opted for a 12-
  • Services Began in September 2018                                                                                                 month Family or Individual Membership consist of more
  • More Than Half of Current Purchasers Chose a 12 -Month Plan
                                                                                                                  Source: Nintendo
                                                                                                                                     than half of total subscribers, which is more than
                                                                                                                                     anticipated.




                                                                                                                                          5
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2019




                    Digital Sales Trends                                                   This chart presents a comparison of digital content sales
    (Billion Yen)

     60
                                                                                           in our dedicated video game platform business over the
                The Second half
     50
                The First half
                                                                      ¥39.1                years. Digital sales also have expanded since the launch
                                                                      Billion
     40

     30
                                                                                           of Nintendo Switch. Such sales reached a record high in
     20                                                                                    the first half of the fiscal year ending March 2019. As
     10

      0
                                                                                           the sales volume of Nintendo Switch software
           FY03/2013 FY03/2014 FY03/2015 FY03/2016 FY03/2017 FY03/2018 FY03/2019
                                                                        Source: Nintendo
                                                                                           increased, so did consumer demand for the
                                                                                           downloadable versions of the software, and this gave a
                                                                                           boost to digital sales. This breaks down to downloadable
                                                                                           versions of packaged software accounting for
                                                                                           approximately 60% of all digital sales. Although the ratio
                                                                                           itself has not changed from last year, note that sales of
                                                                                           download-only software and add-on content have been
                                                                                           on the increase.


                                                                                           Note: FY = Fiscal year (April through March of the
                                                                                           following year)



                                                                                           Amid this steady growth of the foundation for the
                                                                                           Nintendo Switch business, software publishers are also
                             Excitement for                                                debuting many titles and showing excitement about
                             Nintendo Switch                                               Nintendo Switch as a game platform.
                             as a Platform




   Major Titles from Software Publishers Also Appear                                       Software publishers have been releasing everything
                                                                                           from evergreen titles that appeal to broad audiences to
                                                                                           titles that satisfy ardent game fans, and the sell-through
                                                                                           of these products has been solid. The titles shown are
                                                                                           just a few examples, and since early fall the lineup has
                                                                                           been enhanced with major selling titles. Some of these
                                                                                           games are from software publishers we haven't seen for
                                                                                           a while on a Nintendo platform, and excitement for the
                                                                                           Nintendo Switch platform is building ahead of the
                                                                                           system's second holiday season.

                                                                                                6
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2019



                 Fortnite Battle Royale                                                                   Distribution of the Nintendo Switch version of Fortnite
                                                                                                          Battle Royale from Epic Games began during E3 this
                                                                                                          past June, and since then it has shown up everywhere,
                                                                                                          not just in the US and Europe but also in Japan. It has

  • Downloaded to Nearly Half of all Nintendo Switch
                                                                                                          gained so much momentum that it has been downloaded
   Systems Worldwide
                                                                                                          to nearly half of all Nintendo Switch systems worldwide.
  • With Nintendo Switch, the Game Can be Played on the Go
                                                                                       Source: Nintendo
                                                                                                          Many people continue to play the game, boosting the
                                                                                                          overall utilization ratio of Nintendo Switch. Nintendo
                                                                                                          Switch is unique in that people can bring their consoles
                                                                                                          with them so they can communicate while playing at a
                                                                                                          friend’s house or elsewhere.



                OCTOPATH TRAVELER                                                                         The next title I want to talk about is OCTOPATH
                                                                                                          TRAVELER, released in July of this year by SQUARE
                                                                                                          ENIX. This is an RPG featuring a special kind of graphics
                                                                                                          known as "HD-2D," which is a fusion of 2D sprites and
       • An All-New Title for Nintendo Switch                                                             3D graphics. This completely original title for Nintendo
         From SQUARE ENIX
                                                                                                          Switch earned high marks from game media reviewers
       • Sell-Through of Over 1 Million Units
                           Includes download sales. / Source: Nintendo, Media Create
                                                                                                          and also has been well received by actual playing
                                                                                                          consumers. Despite this being a completely original title,
                                                                                                          SQUARE ENIX announced that global shipments and
                                                                                                          download sales reached 1 million units within three
                                                                                                          weeks of release. According to them, both shipments
                                                                                                          and sell-through continued to climb after that, and sell-
                                                                                                          through has now surpassed 1 million units.



                                                                                                          A wide variety of publishers from regions around the
                                                                                                          globe, and of all sizes including indie developers, have
                                                                                                          been on board since the release of Nintendo Switch,
                                                                                                          thanks to the early availability of a development
                                                                                                          environment. The number of publishers has further
                                                                                                          grown since then, and new titles are being released at a
                                                                                                          quickening pace, giving our consumers a continually
                                                                                                          widening selection of titles to choose from. We are also
                                                                                                          seeing increased interest via multiple media from
                                                                                                          developers in Nintendo Switch development and

                                                                                                               7
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2019



                                                                  software sales. A hit title is naturally high-quality
                                                                  software in and of itself, but I also consider it to be a
                                                                  title that consumers and developers all appreciate to be
                                                                  a good fit with the “play anytime, anywhere, with
                                                                  anyone" concept and the quick-to-start, quick-to-
                                                                  suspend functionality of Nintendo Switch.
                                                                  At the Financial Results Briefing in April 2018, we
                                                                  explained that more than 600 titles were available for
                                                                  purchase on Nintendo eShop,



                                                                  As of October, there were over 500 software publishers
                                                                  selling software for Nintendo Switch, and worldwide
         Over 1,300 Titles On                                     more than 1,300 titles from these publishers available
         the Market from Over                                     for purchase on Nintendo eShop. We plan to release a
         500 Companies      Source: Nintendo
                                               Source: Nintendo

                                                                  variety of titles from an increasing number of publishers
                                                                  going forward.


                                                                  Note: This is the total number of titles available for
                                                                  purchase from the Nintendo eShop sites in the various
                                                                  regions of the world. The same title is not counted
                                                                  multiple times when it is distributed by Nintendo eShop
                                                                  in more than one country.




                                                                  We as a company are deepening our ties with the
                                                                  developer community and beginning new activities in
                                                                  each country focused on game titles that would be
                                                                  difficult to introduce through conventional media
                                                                  channels. While widening the number of titles and
                                                                  genres from software publishers, we will work to create
                                                                  opportunities for our consumers to encounter new
                                                                  games.




                                                                       8
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2019



                                                    Next I will talk about the outlook for the coming holiday
                                                    season.
    1   Nintendo Switch Business Update

    2   Outlook for the Holiday Season and Onward




                                                    First, let's consider the Nintendo Switch business
                                                    outlook.




                                                    As was explained, we will look to the release of new
                                                    titles this holiday season with the solid foundation we
               Multiple Strong Titles Are the       have built. Keeping up this momentum, multiple strong
               Catalyst For Accelerated Sales       titles that every user in the household will want are
               During Our Second Holiday Season
                                                    expected to set off the Nintendo Switch system sales
                                                    acceleration.




            Blitz of New Major Titles               During October through December we will release a blitz
                                                    of new Nintendo titles as shown. These new titles will
                                                    offer fun for all of our consumers, from game fans to
                                                    families, regardless of game experience or age. And all
                                                    of these titles take advantage of the unique features of
                                                    Nintendo Switch, enabling multiple people to enjoy
                                                    exciting play together. These titles further enhance the
                                                    allure of Nintendo Switch and will help make the system
                                                    appealing to a wider range of consumers during the
                                                    holiday season and beyond.



                                                         9
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2019



                                                                                        October 5 marked the global release of Super Mario
                                                                                        Party, the latest installment in the Mario Party series.




                                                                                        Super Mario Party is the newest installment in the Mario
                                                                                        Party series that is also a return to the series’ roots for
                                                                                        reworked, less complicated game mechanics. It is a title
                                                                                        packed with gameplay enjoyable by all, and that speaks
                                                                                        to the “play anytime, anywhere, with anyone” concept of
                                                                                        Nintendo Switch. It is a finished game with an appeal
                                                                                        that is immediately apparent, and a game that everyone
                                                                                        from regular gamers to newbies can enjoy playing
                                                                                        together. We expect it to become an evergreen title for
                                                                                        scenarios like parties where people come together.


                                                                                        The good evaluations by consumers have been borne
                                                                                        out by the recent sell-through. Global sell-through has
                               October Sell-through                                     exceeded 1.5 million units following its release on
                               Over 1.5 Million Units                                   October 5. Super Mario Party had an extremely strong
                               Worldwide
                                          Includes download sales. / Source: Nintendo
                                                                                        start compared to other installments in the series and
                                                                                        has built up momentum ahead of the holiday season. We
   Released October 5
                                                                                        are also seeing an increase in Joy-Con sell-through with
                                                                                        the release of this title.


                                                                                        Sales will grow even further if more scenes play out
                                                                                        between now and the end of the year where this title is
                                                                                        played in places where people gather together. Super
                                                                                        Mario Party is the kind of title that is easy to play, even
                                                                                        by people using Nintendo Switch for the first time. This
                                                                                        has the potential to drive hardware sales because
 Due to expiration of the term of use,
 we have removed an image that was included at the time of release.                     people may get the urge to buy this title along with
                                                                                        Nintendo Switch when they get together to play.



                                                                                             10
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2019



                                                 Global release of Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu! and
                                                 Pokémon: Let's Go, Eevee!, the latest installments of the
                                                 Pokémon series, will take place in November. Their
                                                 release finally brings the Pokémon series to Nintendo
                                                 Switch.




                                                 This title is designed to be enjoyed by everyone. It is
                                                 easy to play for people new to the Pokémon series, and
                                                 endearing to fans of the Pokémon games. The title is
                                                 based on Pokémon Yellow Version: Special Pikachu
                                                 Edition, which was released for Game Boy in 1998, but
        A Pokémon game easy to play for
        first-timers, and with fun new           this title offers completely new experiences. For
        experiences for Pokémon fans.
                                                 example, the gameplay reflects Pokémon Go, and to
                                                 catch a Pokémon the player swings the Joy-Con in an
                                                 action similar to throwing a Poké Ball. In addition, by
                                                 sharing the Joy-Con, two people can play at the same
                                                 time in the same game, which is a first for the series.


                                                 Note: Pokémon Go is an application for smart devices.
                                                 (Developed and published by Niantic, in collaboration
                                                 with The Pokémon Company.)




                                                 The Poké Ball Plus will be released at the same time as
                                                 a play accessory for this title. This Poké Ball Plus can be
                                                 used instead of the Joy-Con as a game controller and
                                                 "thrown," so to speak, to capture Pokémon as a trainer.
                                                 Further enhancing the realism of the experience, the
                                                 player hears a sound and feels something in the palm of
                                                 their hand when they succeed in capturing a Pokémon.
                                                 In addition, players can take their favorite Pokémon from
                                                 Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu! and Pokémon: Let's Go,
                                                 Eevee! out into the world outside of the game and, as

                                                      11
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2019



                                                 they walk around, it feels like the Pokémon is actually
                                                 inside the Poké Ball Plus. More than half of all
                                                 consumers who have pre-ordered this title chose the
                                                 software bundled with Poké Ball Plus. Poké Ball Plus
                                                 can also connect to Pokémon GO so that users can
                                                 continue playing without continuously looking at their
                                                 smartphones.




                                                 Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu! and Pokémon: Let's Go,
                                                 Eevee! can be linked with Pokémon Go so they can carry
                                                 around the Pokémon captured with Pokémon Go. Also,
                                                 the Pokémon Go application can get special items that
                                                 can lead to the acquisition of new kinds of Pokémon. It
                                                 would be wonderful if this fun kind of linkage piqued the
                                                 interest of Pokémon Go users all around the world.




                                                 We have created various special bundles for those
                                                 consumers looking to purchase a system together with
                                                 software.
                                                 To coincide with the November release of Pokémon:
                                                 Let's Go, Pikachu! and Pokémon: Let's Go, Eevee!, we

            On Sale in November
                                                 have prepared a package set that bundles the game with
                                                 a Poké Ball Plus and a specially designed Nintendo
                                                 Switch system.




                                                 Super Smash Bros. Ultimate will be released in
                                                 December.


                                                 Note: This is the name of the overseas version of the
                                                 game.




                                                      12
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2019



                                                                This title will be the largest-ever game in the Smash
                                                                Bros. series in every aspect, with an overwhelming
                                                                amount of content, bringing together famous franchises’
                                                                characters in what will be the gaming industry's one of
                                                                the greatest collaboration titles. What sets the Smash
               Overwhelming Amount of Content
                                                                Bros. series apart is that the basic rules and operations
               Reaching Beyond Fans To a Broad Consumer Base
                                                                of the game are very simple, yet for those who want to
                                                                pursue the game it offers a real depth of gameplay. The
                                                                games are welcoming, since people who seldom play
                                                                have a good chance of witnessing the appearance of
                                                                certain elements they recognize, so we are working to
                                                                spark the interest of a wide range of consumers, and not
                                                                just fans of the Smash Bros. series.
                                                                The Smash Bros. series titles are special to our company
                                                                because it is the place where the characters of
                                                                Nintendo's main titles come together. Many consumers
                                                                discover Nintendo games they never knew about
                                                                through the Smash Bros. series, so if Smash Bros. is
                                                                spread wide across our consumer base, it will, by
                                                                extension, also enhance the appeal of our overall IP.




                                                                amiibo represented the first example of our use of our
                                                                own IP, and amiibo figure total sell-through has reached
                                                                approximately 50 million units. All characters that
                                                                appeared in the Wii U and Nintendo 3DS versions of
                                                                Smash Bros. have been released as amiibo figures. On
                                                                the same day that the new Super Smash Bros. Ultimate
                                                                is released, we will also begin to sell three new amiibo
                                                                of characters who are appearing in the game as fighters
                                                                for the first time. In addition, we will sell accessories
                                                                including a specially designed Nintendo Switch Pro
                                                                Controller to coincide with the release.




                                                                     13
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2019



                                                                                      In November, ahead of the December release of Super
                                                                                      Smash Bros. Ultimate, we will offer a package bundle of
                                                                                      a specially designed Nintendo Switch system together
                                                                                      with the download code for the software, ready for play
                                                                                      from the day of the software’s release.

                     On Sale in November




                                                                                      By way of additional special Nintendo Switch bundles,
                                                                                      we are working to offer other well-timed products to
                                                                                      match consumer demand, for example releasing special
                                                                                      packages of Nintendo Switch bundled with Fortnite
                                                                                      Battle Royale or Diablo III: Eternal Collection in markets
                                                                                      outside of Japan for the holiday season.


                                                                                      Note: The lineup and release dates of bundled sets of
                                                                                      Nintendo Switch systems and software may differ from
                                                                                      region to region.


                                                                                      For Nintendo Labo, the new kind of play offered by
                                                                                      Nintendo, there are now three different Toy-Con kits on
                                                                                      offer: the Variety Kit and the Robot Kit, released in April,
                                                                                      and the Vehicle Kit, released in September. We have
                                                                                      seen how consumers who purchase Nintendo Labo
                                                                                      appreciate the unique experiences it offers. Our
                                                                                      expectation is that sales will accelerate because
                                                                                      Nintendo Labo is a product that people can choose to
                                                                                      buy as a gift for kids during the holiday season much
                                                                                      like a regular toy.


          Titles Set For Release Early Next Year And Beyond                           In addition, we are preparing to introduce a succession
   January                   Spring                        Spring                     of Nintendo titles including the ones shown here early
                                                                                      next year and beyond, so expect continual enhancement
                                                                                      of the Nintendo Switch software lineup.
   2019                      2019                          Second Half of 2019




             (Provisional)          Latest in the Series       Latest in the Series




                                                                                           14
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2019



                                                      Next, let's consider the business outlook for the
                                                      Nintendo 3DS family.




                                                      Nintendo 3DS is set apart from Nintendo Switch by its
                                                      characteristics as a handheld game system that is
    Nintendo 3DS is a Lightweight, Price-Friendly,
                                                      lightweight, price-friendly, and highly portable.
     and Highly Portable Game System                  Affordability is the strong point that positions Nintendo
    An Important Product, Can Represent the          3DS in a niche clearly separate from Nintendo Switch. In
     First Contact in Our Long Relationship With
     Consumers
                                                      the grand scheme of things, Nintendo 3DS has a
                                                      prominent position as the product that can be served as
                                                      the first contact between Nintendo and many of its
                                                      consumers, and for this reason we will keep the
                                                      business going.



     More Value at the Same Price (US)                During summer and fall, the hot-selling New Nintendo
                                                      2DS XL package was replaced in the US and European
                                                      markets with sets featuring a pre-installed popular title.
                                      ＋
                                                      Because the suggested retail price was left unchanged
                                 (Pre-Installed)
                                                      in the US, the inclusion of one software title made the
                                US$149.
                                   149.99    MSRP     system feel like even more of a value to consumers.
                                                      During the first half, we have launched specially
                                                      designed versions of New Nintendo 2DS XL in Japan and
                                                      elsewhere. We are continuing with efforts to expand
                                                      sales.


                                                      Note 1: New Nintendo 2DS LL is sold outside of Japan
                                                      as New Nintendo 2DS XL.
                                                      Note 2: MSRP = Manufacturer’s Suggested Retail Price




                                                           15
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2019



                                                            An abundance of titles in a variety of genres have been
                                                            released for the Nintendo 3DS family. It is important to
                                                            convey the existence of this rich assortment of Nintendo
  Lineup of Titles in a Variety of Genres                   3DS family titles and drive sales to new purchasers of
                                                            the hardware. Our new consumers know that the
                                                            evergreen titles will continue to be available, so we will
                                                            do our utmost to foster sales opportunities.




       New Titles for Nintendo 3DS                          We are also preparing new titles for the Nintendo 3DS
                                                            family for release around the turn of the year.




                                                            Next let's briefly touch on the NES and Super NES
                                                            Classic Editions.




                                                            Combined global sales of the NES Classic Edition and
                                                            the Super NES Classic Edition have now surpassed 10
                                                            million units. The Super NES Classic Edition, released
                                                            last fall, and the NES Classic Edition, re-released in June
                                                            of this year, both continue to sell as must-have
                                                            products, and the fact that they are so affordable
   A Combined 10 Million Units Shipped Worldwide
                                         Source: Nintendo
                                                            suggests that they will be in even greater demand during
                                                            the holiday season.



                                                                 16
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2019



                                                                     Note 1: The official name of the NES Classic Edition in
                                                                     the US is "Nintendo Entertainment System: NES Classic
                                                                     Edition," while the official name in Europe and Australia
                                                                     is "Nintendo Classic Mini: Nintendo Entertainment
                                                                     System."
                                                                     Note 2: The official name of the Super NES Classic
                                                                     Edition in the US is "Super Nintendo Entertainment
                                                                     System: Super NES Classic Edition," while the official
                                                                     name in Europe and Australia is "Nintendo Classic Mini:
                                                                     Super Nintendo Entertainment System."




                                                                     Lastly, let me talk about our smart-device business.



   Smart-Device Business




                                                                     Dragalia Lost, a new and original game application
                     • Start of service on                           developed in collaboration with Cygames, was released
                       September 27.
                                                                     on September 27. Initially, distribution was going to be
                     • Distribution Regions:
                                                                     limited to the four regions of Japan, Taiwan, Hong Kong
                         Japan, Taiwan,
                         Hong Kong,                                  and Macao, but the US was added when the service
                         Macao, US
                                                                     began for the title.




                                                                     This title is an original application using completely new
                     • Over 1 million                                IP, and no existing Nintendo IP. Even so, the game
                       pre-registrations
                                                                     attracted lots of consumer interest in the US and the
                                                  Source: Nintendo




                     • Review Scores
                                                                     rest of Asia, let alone Japan, even before the service
                        App Store (US)         4.8
                                               Stars                 launch, with over 1 million people pre-registering for this
                       (As of October 29, 2018 in the US)
                       3.8 Stars on Google Play Worldwide            title. This confirmed the presence of a certain number of
                                                                     consumers who are keen to play this game, and even

                                                                          17
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2019



                                                                             though the service launch was only slightly more than
                                                                             one month ago, we have already recorded sales
                                                                             approaching 4 billion yen by now since its service launch
                                                                             on September 27. In the US, the game achieved a high
                                                                             user-review rating of 4.8 stars in the App Store,
                                                                             indicating a positive reception for the game's content.
                                                                             Summing this up, we think we could state that this has
                                                                             been a steady kick-off as a challenge for creating new IP
                                                                             that has been embraced by consumers around the globe.
                                                                             Going forward, we will be putting our efforts into
                                                                             television commercials and other promotional activities,
                                                                             while also making effective use of events and updates,
                                                                             in order to further expand the ranks of consumers
                                                                             playing this title.




                                                                             It has been almost two years since the release of Super
                     •       Downloaded to Nearly 300
                             Million Devices Worldwide                       Mario Run, but the number of downloads still continues
                     •       An Evergreen Nintendo
                             Title for Everyone
                                                                             to grow and the application is now installed on nearly
                                Cumulative Download Count                    300 million devices around the world. Downloads in
                                                                             countries outside of Japan continue and now account for
                         0
                                                                             over 90% of the total. As an evergreen Nintendo title for
                             Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun   Jul Aug Sep

                                                          Source: Nintendo
                                                                             every owner of a smart device, it has entered a cycle
                                                                             where a certain stable number of new downloads take
                                                                             place every month. The application is significant in that
                                                                             it brings Mario to a wide range of consumers in
                                                                             countries and regions not touched by our dedicated
                                                                             video game platform business. In this regard, it plays an
                                                                             important role in helping to maximize the number of
                                                                             people exposed to Nintendo IP.




                                                                                  18
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2019



                                                                             Fire Emblem Heroes continues to grow, with a sustained
                     •       Steady Trend in Active
                             Users and Revenues                              number of active users and total sales rising at a steady
                     •       Major Update Planned
                             Around End of Year
                                                                             pace. The share outside of Japan continues to expand
                                       Cumulative Net Sales
                                                                             gradually, and the number of active users outside of
                                                                             Japan has already surpassed the number inside Japan.
                         0
                                                                             This is one example where sustained operation of a
                             Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep

                                                          Source: Nintendo
                                                                             smart-device application has led to the cultivation of
                                                                             markets outside of Japan. We plan a major update to
                                                                             Version 3.0 around the end of the year and intend to
                                                                             keep pouring effort into development and operation so
                                                                             even greater numbers of consumers continue to enjoy
                                                                             the game.




                     •       Many Have Continued Playing
                                                                             Around a year has passed since Animal Crossing: Pocket
                             the Game Since Service First
                             Started                                         Camp was first released, and more than half of the
                     •       Business Gradually Improving
                             by Continually Tweaking Game
                                                                             currently active users have continued playing the game
                             and Holding Events
                                                                             since the initial release last year. The game has
                                                                             sustained a number of continually active users,
                                           Currently active users
                                           who downloaded the                particularly among adult female consumers. By
                                           app last year

                                                          Source: Nintendo
                                                                             continually tweaking the game content and frequently
                                                                             holding various events, we have managed to gradually
                                                                             improve the business situation for this game. We are
                                                                             progressing with the development of an update that will
                                                                             broaden the scope of the gameplay. Details will be
                                                                             announced closer to the time of the update.


                                                                             In addition to the titles described above, we also plan to
                                                                             start a service for Mario Kart Tour, a Mario Kart
                                                                             application for smart devices, sometime during the
                                                                             current fiscal year ending in March 2019. With titles like
                                                                             these we intend to continue to expand our smart-device
                                                                             business and make it a pillar of revenue for Nintendo.




                                                                                 19
Six Months Financial Results Briefing for Fiscal Year Ending March 2019



                                                 As we come to the end, I'd like to say that the most
                                                 important thing for this holiday season is further uptake
                                                 of Nintendo Switch. In the current fiscal year, new major
                                                 titles’ release for Nintendo Switch are concentrated in
                                                 the third quarter. We have established a firm footing
                                                 ahead of what will be the second holiday season for
                                                 Nintendo Switch, and we plan to offer new software so
                                                 more people come to know and enjoy the charm of
                                                 Nintendo Switch. As a result, we will be working to build
                                                 up the excitement, in terms of hardware and software
                                                 sales as well.



                                                 This concludes our presentation.
                                                 Thank you very much.

     Thank you very much.




Disclaimers
The contents of this briefing as well as of the accompanying documents and materials are based
upon the information available and the judgments which can be made at the time of the
announcement. Nintendo is not responsible for updating or changing these materials if the
information presented changes due to future circumstances or for other reasons.
Also, forecasts referred to in this briefing and accompanying documents and materials involve known
and unknown risks and uncertainties. Please note that such risks and uncertainties may cause actual
results to be materially different from the forecasts.




                                                      20
