10/10/2026, 21:11

                                                   Exhibit 99.1
                                      Picture 18




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                               1/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                            TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                                     Page
             GENERAL MATTERS                                                                 1
             FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS                                                      1
             EXCHANGE RATE INFORMATION                                                       3
             COMMODITY PRICE INFORMATION                                                     3
             THE CORPORATION                                                                 4
             GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF FRANCO-NEVADA’S BUSINESS                                 5
             EXPLANATION OF ROYALTIES, STREAMS AND OTHER INTERESTS                          11
             TECHNICAL AND THIRD PARTY INFORMATION                                          13
             FRANCO-NEVADA’S ASSETS                                                         15
             ANTAPACCAY MINING AND TECHNICAL INFORMATION                                    23
             ANTAMINA MINING AND TECHNICAL INFORMATION                                      28
             CANDELARIA MINING AND TECHNICAL INFORMATION                                    33
             COBRE PANAMA MINING AND TECHNICAL INFORMATION                                  40
             SELECTED MINERAL ASSET SUMMARY DESCRIPTIONS                                    46
             RESERVES DATA AND OTHER OIL & GAS INFORMATION                                  51
             RISK FACTORS                                                                   60
             DIVIDENDS                                                                      73
             CAPITAL STRUCTURE                                                              73
             MARKET FOR SECURITIES                                                          74
             DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS                                                         75
             LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND REGULATORY ACTIONS                                       78
             INTERESTS OF MANAGEMENT AND OTHERS IN MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS                    78
             REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT                                                   78
             MATERIAL CONTRACTS                                                             78
             EXPERTS                                                                        79
             ADDITIONAL INFORMATION                                                         79
             AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE INFORMATION                                           79
             APPENDIX A FORM 51-101F2                                                   A-1
             APPENDIX B FORM 51-101F3                                                   B-1
             APPENDIX C FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE CHARTER      C-1




                                                     i




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                              2/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                                           GENERAL MATTERS
            Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise indicates, the terms “Franco-Nevada”, “Company”, “Corporation”,
            “our” and “we” refer to Franco-Nevada Corporation and its subsidiaries. For reporting purposes, the Corporation
            presents its financial statements in United States dollars and in conformity with International Financial Reporting
            Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS”). All dollar amounts in this Annual
            Information Form (“AIF”) are expressed in United States dollars, except as otherwise indicated. References to “$” or
            “dollars” are to United States dollars, references to “C$” are to Canadian dollars, references to “A$” are to Australian
            dollars and references to “ZAR” are to South African rand.
            The information contained in this AIF is as of December 31, 2016, unless otherwise indicated. More current
            information may be available on our public website at www.franco-nevada.com or on the System for Electronic
            Document Analysis and Retrieval (“SEDAR”) at www.sedar.com or on the website of the United States Securities and
            Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) at www.sec.gov. In addition, we generally maintain supporting materials on our
            website which may assist in reviewing (but are not to be considered part of) this AIF including Franco-Nevada’s 2017
            Asset Handbook, a Glossary of Non-Technical Terms, Glossary of Technical Terms, Certain Oil & Natural Gas Terms
            and a Metric Conversion Table.

                                                  FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
            This AIF contains “forward looking information” and “forward looking statements” within the meaning of applicable
            Canadian securities laws and the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, respectively, which
            may include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to future events or future performance, management’s
            expectations regarding Franco-Nevada’s growth, results of operations, estimated future revenues, carrying value of
            assets, future dividends and requirements for additional capital, mineral reserve and mineral resource estimates,
            production estimates, production costs and revenue, future demand for and prices of commodities, expected mining
            sequences, business prospects and opportunities. In addition, statements (including data in tables) relating to reserves
            and resources and gold equivalent ounces are forward looking statements, as they involve implied assessment, based on
            certain estimates and assumptions, and no assurance can be given that the estimates and assumptions are accurate and
            that such reserves and resources and gold equivalent ounces (“GEOs”) will be realized. Such forward looking
            statements reflect management’s current beliefs and are based on information currently available to management. Often,
            but not always, forward looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as “plans”, “expects”, “is
            expected”, “budgets”, “scheduled”, “estimates”, “forecasts”, “predicts”, “projects”, “intends”, “targets”, “aims”,
            “anticipates” or “believes” or variations (including negative variations) of such words and phrases or may be identified
            by statements to the effect that certain actions “may”, “could”, “should”, “would”, “might” or “will” be taken, occur or
            be achieved. Forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may
            cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Franco-Nevada to be materially different from any future
            results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward looking statements. A number of factors
            could cause actual events or results to differ materially from any forward looking statement, including, without
            limitation: fluctuations in the prices of the primary commodities that drive royalty and stream revenue (gold, platinum
            group metals, copper, nickel, uranium, silver, iron-ore and oil and gas); fluctuations in the value of the Canadian and
            Australian dollar, Mexican peso and any other currency in which revenue is generated, relative to the U.S. dollar;
            changes in national and local government legislation, including permitting and licensing regimes and taxation policies
            and the enforcement thereof; regulatory, political or economic developments in any of the countries where properties in
            which Franco-Nevada holds a royalty, stream or other interest are located or through which they are held; risks related
            to the operators of the properties in which Franco-Nevada holds a royalty, stream or other interest, including changes in
            the ownership and control of such operators; influence of macroeconomic developments; business opportunities that
            become available to, or are pursued by Franco-Nevada; reduced access to debt and equity capital; litigation; title,
            permit or license disputes related to interests on any of the properties in which Franco-Nevada holds a royalty, stream
            or other interest; whether or not the Corporation is determined to have “passive foreign investment company” (“PFIC”)
            status as defined in Section 1297 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; potential changes in
            Canadian tax treatment of offshore streams; excessive cost escalation as well as development, permitting, infrastructure,
            operating or technical difficulties on any of the properties in which Franco-Nevada holds a royalty, stream or other
            interest; actual mineral content may differ from the reserves and resources contained in technical reports; rate and
            timing of production differences from resource estimates, other technical reports and mine plans; risks and hazards
            associated with the business of development and mining on any of the properties in which Franco-Nevada holds a
            royalty, stream or other interest, including, but not limited to unusual or unexpected geological and metallurgical
            conditions, slope failures or cave-ins, flooding and other natural disasters, terrorism, civil unrest or an outbreak of
            contagious disease; and the integration of acquired assets. The forward looking statements contained in this AIF are
            based upon assumptions management believes to be reasonable, including, without limitation: the ongoing operation of
            the properties in which Franco-Nevada holds a royalty, stream or other interest by the owners or operators of such
            properties in a manner consistent with past practice; the accuracy of public statements and disclosures made by the
            owners or operators of such underlying properties; no material adverse change in the market price of the commodities
            that underlie the asset portfolio; the Corporation’s ongoing income and assets relating to determination of its PFIC
            status; no material changes to existing tax treatment; no adverse development in respect of any significant property in
            which Franco-Nevada holds a royalty, stream or other interest; the accuracy of publicly disclosed expectations for the
            development of underlying properties that are not yet in production; integration of acquired assets; and the absence of
            any other factors that could cause actions, events or results to differ from those anticipated, estimated or intended.
            However, there can be no assurance that forward looking statements will prove to be accurate, as actual results and
file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                     3/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
            future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements and investors are cautioned that forward
            looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Franco-Nevada cannot assure investors that actual results
            will be consistent with these forward looking statements. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on
            forward looking statements due to the inherent uncertainty therein. For additional information with respect to risks,
            uncertainties and




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                    4/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
            assumptions, please refer to the “Risk Factors” section of this AIF filed with the Canadian securities regulatory
            authorities on www.sedar.com and the SEC on www.sec.gov. The forward looking statements herein are made as of the
            date of this AIF only and Franco-Nevada does not assume any obligation to update or revise them to reflect new
            information, estimates or opinions, future events or results or otherwise, except as required by applicable law.
            CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING MINERAL AND OIL AND GAS RESERVE AND RESOURCE ESTIMATES
            This AIF has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of Canadian securities laws in effect in Canada, which
            differ from the requirements of U.S. securities laws. Unless otherwise indicated, all mineral resource and reserve
            estimates included in this AIF have been prepared by the owners or operators of the relevant properties (as and to the
            extent indicated by them) in accordance with National Instrument 43-101 — Standards of Disclosure for Mineral
            Projects (“NI 43-101”) and the Canadian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy Classification System. NI 43-101 is a
            rule developed by the Canadian securities regulatory authorities which establishes standards for all public disclosure an
            issuer makes of scientific and technical information concerning mineral projects. NI 43-101 permits a historical
            estimate made prior to the adoption of NI 43-101 that does not comply with NI 43-101 to be disclosed using the
            historical terminology if, among other things, the disclosure: (a) identifies the source and date of the historical estimate;
            (b) comments on the relevance and reliability of the historical estimate; (c) states whether the historical estimate uses
            categories other than those prescribed by NI 43-101; and (d) includes any more recent estimates or data available.
            Canadian standards, including NI 43-101, differ significantly from the requirements of the SEC, and reserve and
            resource information contained herein may not be comparable to similar information disclosed by U.S. companies. In
            particular, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term “resource” does not equate to the term
            “reserves”. Under U.S. standards, mineralization may not be classified as a “reserve” unless the determination has been
            made that the mineralization could be economically and legally produced or extracted at the time the reserve
            determination is made. The SEC’s disclosure standards normally do not permit the inclusion of information concerning
            “measured mineral resources”, “indicated mineral resources” or “inferred mineral resources” or other descriptions of
            the amount of mineralization in mineral deposits that do not constitute “reserves” by U.S. standards in documents filed
            with the SEC. U.S. investors should also understand that “inferred mineral resources” have a great amount of
            uncertainty as to their existence and great uncertainty as to their economic and legal feasibility. It cannot be assumed
            that all or any part of an “inferred mineral resource” will ever be upgraded to a higher category. Under Canadian rules,
            estimated “inferred mineral resources” may not form the basis of feasibility or pre-feasibility studies except in rare
            cases. Investors are cautioned not to assume that all or any part of an “inferred mineral resource” exists or is
            economically or legally mineable. Disclosure of “contained ounces” in a resource is permitted disclosure under
            Canadian regulations; however, the SEC normally only permits issuers to report mineralization that does not constitute
            “reserves” by SEC standards as in-place tonnage and grade without reference to unit measures. The requirements of NI
            43-101 for identification of “reserves” are also not the same as those of the SEC, and reserves reported by the
            Corporation in compliance with NI 43-101 may not qualify as “reserves” under SEC standards.
            Accordingly, information concerning mineral deposits set forth herein may not be comparable with information made
            public by companies that report in accordance with U.S. standards.
            In addition to NI 43-101, a number of resource and reserve estimates have been prepared in accordance with the JORC
            Code or the SAMREC Code (as such terms are defined in NI 43-101), which differ from the requirements of NI 43-101
            and U.S. securities laws. Accordingly, information containing descriptions of the Corporation’s mineral properties set
            forth herein may not be comparable to similar information made public by U.S. companies subject to the reporting and
            disclosure requirements under the U.S. federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. For more
            information, see “Reconciliation to CIM Definitions”.
            Similarly, the requirements of National Instrument 51-101 — Standards of Disclosure for Oil and Gas Activities
            (“NI 51-101”) for disclosure of oil and gas activities differ significantly from those of the SEC, and disclosure
            concerning the oil and gas properties in which the Corporation has interests may not be comparable with information
            made public by companies that report in accordance with U.S. standards. The primary differences between the
            Canadian requirements and the U.S. standards for oil and gas related disclosure are that:
                      NI 51-101 requires disclosure of gross and net reserves using forecast prices, whereas the SEC rules require
                      the disclosure of net reserves estimated using a historical 12-month average price;
                      NI 51-101 requires the disclosure of the net present value of future net revenue attributable to all of the
                      disclosed reserves categories, estimated using forecast prices and costs, before and after deducting future
                      income tax expenses, calculated without discount and using discount rates of 5%, 10%, 15% and 20%,
                      whereas the SEC rules require disclosure of the present value of future net cash flows attributable to proved
                      reserves only, estimated using a constant price (the historical 12-month average price) and a 10% discount
                      rate;
                      NI 51-101 requires a one-year reconciliation of gross proved reserves, gross probable reserves and gross
                      proved plus probable reserves, based on forecast prices and costs, for various product types, whereas the SEC
                      rules require a three-year reconciliation of net proved reserves, based on constant prices and costs, for less
                      specific product types; and
                      NI 51-101 reserve estimates are based on definitions and standards promulgated by the Canadian Oil and Gas
                      Evaluation Handbook and generally recognized industry practices in Canada, whereas SEC reserve estimates
                      are based on different reserves definitions and are prepared in accordance with generally recognized industry
                      practices in the United States.
file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                         5/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      2




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm       6/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                                        EXCHANGE RATE INFORMATION
            The following table sets out the high and low rates of exchange for one U.S. dollar expressed in Canadian dollars in
            effect at the end of each of the following periods; the average rate of exchange for those periods; and the rate of
            exchange in effect at the end of each of those periods, each based on the noon rate published by the Bank of Canada.
                                                              Years ended December 31,
                                                             2016       2015     2014
            High                                           $ 1.4589 $ 1.3990 $ 1.1643
            Low                                            $ 1.2544 $ 1.1728 $ 1.0614
            Average for the Period                         $ 1.3248 $ 1.2787 $ 1.1045
            End of Period                                  $ 1.3427 $ 1.3840 $ 1.1601

            As of March 1, 2017, the Bank of Canada began to publish new foreign exchange rates once a day, by 16:30 ET, in the
            form of a single indicative rate per currency pair, which represents a daily average rate for that currency against the
            Canadian dollar. The Bank of Canada will cease to publish the noon rate as of April 28, 2017.
            On March 21, 2017 the daily average exchange rate was U.S.$1.00 = C$1.3317 as published by the Bank of Canada.

                                                    COMMODITY PRICE INFORMATION
                                                                          Spot Commodity Prices
                                      Gold/oz           Silver/oz           Platinum/oz Palladium/oz               Oil/C$ bbl     Gas/C$ mcf
                             (LBMA Gold Price PM)   (LBMA Silver Price)    (London PM Fix)   (London PM Fix)   (Edmonton Light)       (AECO-C)
            Average for
            2014             $              1,266   $          19.05       $       1,385     $         803     $           94     $        4.33
            Average for
            2015             $              1,160   $          15.68       $       1,054     $         691     $           57     $        2.56
            Average for
            2016             $              1,248   $          17.20       $         987     $         613     $           53     $        2.07



                                                                               3




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                               7/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                                          THE CORPORATION
            Name, Address and Incorporation
            Franco-Nevada was incorporated under the Canada Business Corporations Act on October 17, 2007 and was
            amalgamated with Franco-Nevada Canada Corporation, its wholly-owned subsidiary, on January 1, 2008. Franco-
            Nevada’s head office and registered office is currently located at Suite 2000, Commerce Court West, 199 Bay Street,
            Toronto, Ontario M5L 1G9. Franco-Nevada has additional offices in Hastings, Christ Church, Barbados, Denver,
            Colorado and Perth, Australia, all of which are used to manage its asset portfolio and pursue new investment
            opportunities.
            Intercorporate Relationships
            Franco-Nevada has fifteen wholly-owned subsidiaries: Franco-Nevada Alberta Holdings ULC, Franco-Nevada U.S.
            Holding Corp., Franco-Nevada U.S. Corporation (“FN U.S.”), Franco-Nevada Idaho Corporation, Franco-Nevada
            Delaware LLC, Franco-Nevada Australia Pty Ltd., Franco-Nevada GLW Holdings Corp., Franco-Nevada (Barbados)
            Corporation (“FN Barbados”), Franco-Nevada Alberta Corporation, Franco-Nevada Mexico Corporation, S.A. de C.V.,
            Franco-Nevada Canada Holdings Corp., FN Holdings ULC, Franco-Nevada LRC Holdings Corp., Minera Global
            Copper Chile S.A. and FN Subco Inc. All subsidiaries are wholly-owned by Franco-Nevada either directly or indirectly
            and are incorporated under the laws of the jurisdictions set out below.

                                                                   Picture 3




                                                                     4




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                8/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                       GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF FRANCO-NEVADA’S BUSINESS
            Overview
            Franco-Nevada is the leading gold-focused royalty and stream company by both gold revenue and number of gold
            assets. The Company has the largest and most diversified portfolio of royalties and streams by commodity, geography,
            revenue type and stage of project. The portfolio is actively managed with the aim to maintain over 80% of revenue
            from precious metals (gold, silver & PGM).
            The Company does not operate mines, develop projects or conduct exploration. Franco-Nevada’s business model is
            focused on managing and growing its portfolio of royalties and streams. The advantages of this business model are:
                    •   Exposure to precious metals price optionality;
                    •   A perpetual discovery option over large areas of geologically prospective lands with no additional cost other
                        than the initial investment;
                    •   Limited exposure to many of the risks associated with operating companies;
                    •   A free cash-flow business with limited cash calls;
                    •   A high-margin business that can generate cash through the entire commodity cycle;
                    •   A scalable and diversified business in which a large number of assets can be managed with a small stable
                        overhead; and
                    •   A forward-looking business in which management focuses on growth opportunities rather than operational or
                        development issues.
            Franco-Nevada’s financial results in the short-term are primarily tied to the price of commodities and the amount of
            production from its portfolio of producing assets. Financial results have also been supplemented by acquisitions of new
            producing assets. Over the longer-term, results are impacted by the availability of exploration and development capital
            applied by other companies to expand or extend Franco-Nevada’s producing assets or to advance Franco-Nevada’s
            advanced and exploration assets into production.
            Franco-Nevada has a long-term investment outlook and recognizes the cyclical nature of the industry. Franco-Nevada
            has historically operated by maintaining a strong balance sheet so that it can make investments during commodity cycle
            downturns.
            Franco-Nevada’s shares are listed on the Toronto and New York stock exchanges under the symbol FNV. An
            investment in Franco-Nevada’s shares is expected to provide investors with yield and exposure to gold price and
            exploration optionality while limiting exposure to many of the risks of operating companies. Since its Initial Public
            Offering nine years ago, Franco-Nevada has increased its dividend annually and its share price has outperformed the
            gold price and all relevant gold equity benchmarks.


                                                                             5




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                     9/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                            Franco-Nevada’s Relative Share Price Performance

                                                                     Picture 2




            Franco-Nevada currently operates a small organization. As of March 22, 2017, Franco-Nevada has 31 full-time
            employees and 6 part-time contractors. As such, Franco-Nevada is dependent upon the continued availability and
            commitment of its key management, whose contributions to the immediate and future operations of Franco-Nevada are
            of significant importance. From time to time, Franco-Nevada may also need to identify and retain additional skilled
            management and specialized technical personnel to efficiently operate its business. For additional information, see
            “Risk Factors”.
            Investment Process and Corporate Policies
            Franco-Nevada currently does not operate any of the mineral or oil & gas assets in which it has royalty, stream or other
            interests. However, Franco-Nevada recognizes its business model is dependent on the industry operating in a
            responsible fashion and actively supports the industry in its efforts and initiatives. Franco-Nevada may from time to
            time engage in exploration efforts as part of advancing a property or to conduct due diligence in advance of undertaking
            an investment. When doing so, Franco-Nevada undertakes to be guided by the Principles and Guidance for a
            Framework of Responsible Exploration as set forth by the e3Plus program of the Prospectors and Developers
            Association of Canada. A detailed description of Franco-Nevada’s investment process can be found on the
            Corporation’s website at www.franco-nevada.com.
            Franco-Nevada has adopted policies relating to its business conduct, including a code of business conduct and ethics, a
            business integrity policy, a whistleblower policy, a policy concerning confidentiality, fair disclosure and trading in
            securities, a discrimination, harassment and equal opportunity policy, an investment principles (environmental, social
            and governance) policy, a corporate responsibility policy and a health and safety policy. Additional information
            relating to these and other policies can be found on the Corporation’s website at www.franco-nevada.com and will also
            be contained in Franco-Nevada’s information circular dated March 24, 2017 for its annual and special meeting of
            shareholders scheduled to be held on May 9, 2017. See “Statement of Governance Practices” in such circular.
            Background of Franco-Nevada
            Many of Franco-Nevada’s assets were originally acquired and developed by Franco-Nevada Mining Corporation
            Limited (“Old Franco-Nevada”), Normandy Mining Limited (“Normandy”) and Newmont Mining Corporation
            (“Newmont”). Old Franco-Nevada was a publicly-listed company on the Toronto Stock Exchange (the “TSX”) from
            1983 to 2002 and had originally acquired royalties at the Goldstrike complex along with many other royalties. In
            February 2002, Newmont acquired Old Franco-Nevada along with Normandy. Old Franco-Nevada’s assets and part of
            its management team were incorporated into a new division of Newmont called Newmont Capital Limited (“Newmont
            Capital”). Newmont Capital’s activities included the management of royalty, investment and project portfolios as well
            as corporate development. Pursuant to an acquisition agreement, Franco-Nevada acquired its initial royalty portfolio
            from Newmont effective December 20, 2007 and also agreed to assume certain liabilities related to such
            portfolio. Franco-Nevada then continued to build its asset portfolio through additional acquisitions, adding numerous
            royalty, stream and other assets since 2007.


                                                                       6


file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                    10/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   11/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
            Three-Year History
            2014
            Acquisition of Sabodala Gold Stream
            On January 15, 2014, Franco-Nevada acquired a 6% gold stream on Teranga Gold Corporation’s (“Teranga”) Sabodala
            gold project located in Senegal, Africa. Under the terms of the gold stream agreement, Franco-Nevada funded a $135.0
            million deposit in exchange for 22,500 ounces of gold per year, payable monthly, for the first six years of the
            agreement, after which the Company will purchase 6% of the gold produced from Sabodala. Franco-Nevada will pay
            20% of the market price of gold for each ounce delivered under the agreement.
            Acquisition of Fire Creek/Midas Interests
            On February 11, 2014, Franco-Nevada entered into a gold purchase agreement with Klondex Mines Ltd. (“Klondex”)
            and acquired a 2.5% NSR royalty on Klondex’s Fire Creek and Midas properties, both of which are located in Nevada,
            U.S., for total consideration of $35.0 million in cash. Under the terms of the gold purchase agreement, Klondex will
            deliver a total of 38,250 ounces of gold, payable monthly, starting June 2014 until December 31, 2018 following which
            the NSR royalty will become payable on gold produced from the Fire Creek and Midas properties.
            New Prosperity Permitting
            On February 27, 2014 the Government of Canada announced that it would not issue the federal authorizations
            necessary for Taseko Mines Limited’s (“Taseko”) New Prosperity project to proceed. Franco-Nevada has committed to
            provide a $350 million deposit and certain warrant consideration for the construction of New Prosperity when the
            project is fully permitted and financed. Franco-Nevada’s financing commitment remains available to Taseko, but can
            be terminated at the option of Franco-Nevada.
            Acquisition of Cerro Moro Royalty Interest
            On April 23, 2014, Franco-Nevada acquired from AngloGold Ashanti Limited (“AngloGold Ashanti”) an existing 2%
            NSR royalty on Yamana Gold Inc.’s (“Yamana”) Cerro Moro project located in Argentina for $19.6 million. Cerro
            Moro is an advanced high grade gold-silver exploration deposit which is Yamana’s priority development asset.
            Acquisition of AngloGold Ashanti Portfolio
            On June 9, 2014, Franco-Nevada acquired eight royalties on Australian exploration properties from AngloGold Ashanti
            Australia Limited for $2.5 million.
            Acquisition of Karma Gold Stream
            On August 11, 2014, Franco-Nevada and Sandstorm Gold Inc. (“Sandstorm”) entered into a $120.0 million syndicated
            stream financing agreement with True Gold Mining Inc. (“True Gold”) in exchange for a 6.5% gold stream on True
            Gold’s Karma project, located in Burkina Faso, West Africa. Franco-Nevada has a 75% interest in the stream and
            Sandstorm has a 25% interest. Under the terms of the agreement, the parties committed to provide True Gold with
            $100.0 million in initial funding and provided True Gold with an option to increase the funding by up to $20.0 million
            until February 11, 2016 which was subsequently extended to August 11, 2016. The Company made its final payment
            under its initial commitment on January 8, 2016. On April 26, 2016, Endeavour Mining Corporation (“Endeavour”)
            completed its acquisition of True Gold. Over a period of five years, starting March 31, 2016, Endeavour shall deliver to
            the parties, an aggregate of 20,000 ounces of gold each year, for a total of 100,000 ounces. As Endeavour also
            exercised its option to partially increase the funding by $5 million, Endeavour is obligated to deliver additional ounces
            of gold over eight quarters. After five years, Endeavour shall deliver 6.5% of the gold produced at Karma to the
            parties. The parties will pay 20% of the spot price of gold to Endeavour for each ounce delivered under the agreement.
            Equity Financing
            On August 21, 2014, the Company completed a bought deal financing with a syndicate of underwriters for 8,375,000
            common shares of the Company (“Common Shares”) at $59.75 per Common Share. The net proceeds to the Company
            were $479.8 million after deducting underwriters’ commissions and offering expenses of $20.6 million. The Common
            Shares were sold on a bought deal basis pursuant to an underwriting agreement dated August 14, 2014 (the “2014
            Underwriting Agreement”) between Franco-Nevada and a syndicate of investment dealers led by RBC Dominion
            Securities Inc., CIBC World Markets Inc., and BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc.
            Acquisition of Candelaria Gold and Silver Stream
            On October 6, 2014, the Company announced its agreement to acquire a gold and silver stream on production from the
            Candelaria and Ojos del Salado project (the “Candelaria project”) located in Chile from Lundin Mining Corporation
            (“Lundin”) following Lundin’s acquisition of Candelaria from Freeport-McMoRan Inc. (“Freeport”). The transaction
            closed November 3, 2014 with an effective date of July 1, 2014. The Company provided an up-front deposit of $648.0
            million to acquire a gold and silver stream and purchased C$25.0 million of Lundin’s common shares. The stream
            covers 68% of the payable gold and silver from 100% of the mine (85% of the Lundin-attributable gold and
            silver). The stream will reduce to 40% (50% of Lundin-attributable gold and


                                                                       7




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                     12/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
            silver) after 720,000 ounces of gold and 12 million ounces of silver have been delivered to Franco-Nevada. The
            Company will pay an ongoing price equal to the lesser of (i) $400 per ounce of gold and the spot price at the time of
            delivery and (ii) $4.00 per ounce of silver and the spot price at the time of delivery. This price will escalate by 1% per
            annum following the third anniversary of the closing. On July 29, 2015, Franco-Nevada and Lundin finalized certain
            post-closing items with Franco-Nevada making an additional and final $7.5 million payment due to an increase in the
            reserves under the stream agreement.
            Termination of Palmarejo Gold Stream and Commencement of Guadalupe Gold Stream
            In October 2014, Franco-Nevada agreed with Coeur Mining, Inc. (“Coeur”) to terminate the Palmarejo gold stream
            agreement following the completion of the 400,000 ounce minimum obligation in exchange for a cash payment of $2.0
            million.    In July 2016, Coeur met the minimum ounce obligation and the Palmarejo agreement was
            terminated. Deliveries of gold ounces from the Palmarejo project started in July 2016 under a new agreement with
            Coeur, the Guadalupe gold stream agreement, pursuant to which Coeur will deliver 50% of its gold production from the
            Palmarejo project at an ongoing cost of $800 per ounce. As part of the Guadalupe agreement, Franco-Nevada provided
            an upfront deposit of $22.0 million to partially fund the development of the Guadalupe underground mine.
            2015
            Acquisition of Dublin Gulch (Eagle) Royalty Interest
            On January 14, 2015, Franco-Nevada acquired royalties on the Eagle deposit located in the Yukon for $7.0 million.
            Acquisition of Ring of Fire Royalty Interests
            On April 28, 2015, Franco-Nevada acquired certain royalty rights including in the Ring of Fire mining district of
            Ontario by providing $28.5 million in loan and royalty financing to Noront Resources Ltd.
            Credit Facility
            On May 22, 2015, Franco-Nevada amended its revolving term credit facility with Canadian Imperial Bank of
            Commerce, as Administrative Agent, which increased the amount available to $750.0 million and extended the maturity
            to May 2020. On November 12, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement to increase its credit facility to $1.0
            billion while maintaining a $250.0 million accordion and extending the maturity to November 2020. On March 22,
            2017, the Company extended the maturity to March 2022.
            Acquisition of Antamina Silver Stream
            On October 7, 2015, the Company, through a wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary, acquired a silver stream from Teck
            Resources Limited (“Teck”) on production from the Antamina mine located in Peru. In exchange for a $610.0 million
            advance payment, the Company will purchase all recovered silver from Teck’s attributable 22.5% interest in the
            Antamina mine, subject to a fixed silver payability of 90%.
            The Company will pay 5% of the spot silver price for each ounce delivered under the stream agreement. The stream
            will reduce by one-third after 86 million ounces of silver have been delivered under the stream agreement, which is
            estimated to occur in 30 years assuming current throughput.
            Cobre Panama Precious Metals Stream
            On October 7, 2015, the Company announced it had finalized terms of a replacement precious metals stream agreement
            for First Quantum Minerals Ltd.’s (“First Quantum”) Cobre Panama project located in Panama. The changes from the
            original agreement relate to streamlining reporting arrangements and providing First Quantum with greater flexibility to
            finance the project while maintaining the Company’s security package. The principal commercial terms of the
            replacement agreement remain the same as the original agreement including that the Company will provide a $1.0
            billion deposit against future deliveries of gold and silver from Cobre Panama. The deposit will be funded on a pro-rata
            basis of 1:3 with First Quantum’s 80% share of the capital costs in excess of $1.0 billion. Initial funding of $337.9
            million was made by the Company on November 3, 2015 using existing cash on hand and the use of the Company’s
            credit facility. As at March 17, 2017, the Franco-Nevada has funded $512.4 million of its $1 billion commitment. First
            Quantum increased its planned 2016 capital expenditure to $450 million from $390 million for the fourth quarter of
            2016 due to expedited stripping of the pit. The development remains on track for a phased commissioning in 2018 and
            continued ramp-up in 2019.
            Acquisition of Additional Weyburn Unit Working Interest
            On November 6, 2015, Franco-Nevada purchased an additional 0.29% working interest in the Weyburn Unit for C$6.4
            million.
            2016
            Equity Financing
            On February 19, 2016, the Company completed a bought deal financing with a syndicate of underwriters for 19,228,000
            Common Shares, including the exercise in full by the underwriters of an over-allotment option of 2,508,000 Common
            Shares, at a price of


                                                                        8




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                      13/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
            $47.85 per Common Share. The net proceeds to the Company were $884.3 million after deducting underwriters’
            commissions and offering expenses of $35.8 million. The Common Shares were sold on a bought deal basis pursuant
            to an underwriting agreement dated February 11, 2016 (the “2016 Underwriting Agreement”) between Franco-Nevada
            and a syndicate of investment dealers led by BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc., CIBC World Markets Inc., RBC Dominion
            Securities Inc. and Scotia Capital Inc.
            Acquisition of Antapaccay Precious Metals Stream
            On February 26, 2016, the Company through its wholly-owned subsidiary, FN Barbados, acquired, from Glencore plc
            (“Glencore”), a precious metals stream with reference to production from the Antapaccay mine (the “Glencore
            Stream”). The Antapaccay mine is located in Southern Peru and is wholly-owned and operated by Glencore and its
            subsidiaries. FN Barbados made a one-time $500 million advance payment for the Glencore Stream. In accordance
            with the terms of the stream agreement, gold and silver deliveries to FN Barbados will initially be determined by
            reference to copper shipments until 630,000 ounces of refined gold and 10 million ounces of refined silver have been
            delivered. For each 1,000 tonnes of copper in concentrate shipped, FN Barbados will receive 300 ounces of gold and
            4,700 ounces of silver until the previously mentioned thresholds are met. Thereafter, FN Barbados will receive 30% of
            the gold and silver shipped. FN Barbados will make ongoing payments of 20% of the spot gold and silver price per
            ounce delivered and 30% of the respective spot prices once 750,000 ounces of gold and 12.8 million ounces of silver
            have been delivered.
            Restructuring of Castle Mountain Royalty
            On June 16, 2016, Franco-Nevada and NewCastle Gold Ltd. completed the restructuring of Franco-Nevada’s existing
            royalties at the Castle Mountain gold project in California, U.S., into a single 2.65% royalty covering a larger property.
            Kirkland Lake Buy-Back
            In October 2016, Kirkland Lake Gold Inc. (“Kirkland Lake”) exercised its option to buy back 1% of an overlying
            2.5% NSR for an aggregate cash consideration of approximately $30.5 million ($36.0 million less royalty proceeds
            attributable to the buy-back portion of the NSR paid to Franco-Nevada prior to the date of the buy-back). The NSR,
            which covers all of Kirkland Lake’s properties (including the Macassa mine), was acquired in October 2013 for $50.0
            million.
            Acquisition of U.S. Oil & Gas Royalties – STACK
            On December 19, 2016, Franco-Nevada, through its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary, acquired a package of royalty rights
            in the Sooner Trend, Anadarko Basin, Canadian and Kingfisher counties (“STACK”) shale play in Oklahoma’s
            Anadarko Basin for a price of $100.0 million. The two primary operators of the lands are Newfield Exploration
            Company and Devon Energy Corporation. Both companies have stated that STACK is a major focus of their capital
            spending, a portion of which is expected to be on the royalty lands. Full-field development is expected to begin in 2017
            and is expected to grow royalty revenue in future years. The royalties consist of mineral title rights and GORRs which
            apply to approximately 1,200 acres (net after royalties) that, with pooling, provides exposure to an estimated gross
            acreage of 74,880 acres with an estimated average royalty rate of 1.61%.
            2017
            Acquisition of U.S. Oil & Gas Royalties – Midland Basin
            On March 13, 2017, Franco-Nevada, through its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary, agreed to purchase a package of royalty
            rights in the Midland Basin of West Texas for a price of $110.0 million. The Midland Basin forms the eastern portion of
            the broader Permian Basin and represents one of the most active and profitable oil plays in North America. The
            royalties consist of approximately 97% mineral title rights, along with some GORRs, which apply to approximately 908
            acres (net after royalties) that, with pooling, provides exposure to an estimated gross acreage of 675,000 acres (a
            significant portion of the overall Midland Basin) at an estimated average royalty rate of 0.14%. The royalties are
            subject to a diverse operator base, which is anchored by Pioneer Natural Resources. Royalty revenue is expected to
            grow in future years as horizontal drilling activity in the area continues to ramp up. The transaction is expected to close
            in the second quarter of 2017.
            Credit Facility
            On March 20, 2017, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Franco-Nevada (Barbados) Corporation, entered into an
            unsecured revolving credit facility (the “FNBC Credit Facility”). The FNBC Credit Facility provides for the
            availability over a one-year period of up to $100.0 million in borrowings.


                                                                        9




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                       14/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


            2017 Guidance
            The following contains forward looking statements about our guidance for 2017. Reference should be made to the
            “Forward Looking Statements” section at the beginning of this AIF. For a description of material factors that could
            cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward looking statements below, please see the “Forward
            Looking Statements” section of this AIF and the “Risk Factors” section of this AIF filed with the Canadian securities
            regulatory authorities on www.sedar.com and our most recent Form 40-F filed with the SEC on www.sec.gov. 2017
            guidance is based on assumptions including the forecasted state of operations from our assets based on the public
            statements and other disclosures by the third-party owners and operators of the underlying properties (subject to our
            assessment thereof).
            For 2017, the Company is pleased to provide the following guidance:
                                                                          2017 Guidance                      2016 Actual              2015 Actual
             Mineral assets - GEO production(1)(2)                    470,000 - 500,000 GEOs                464,383 GEOs             360,070 GEOs
                                                                        $35.0 million - $45.0
             Oil & Gas assets – Revenue(3)                                    million                        $30.1 million            $28.0 million
            (1) Of the 470,000 to 500,000 GEOs, Franco-Nevada expects to receive 335,000 to 345,000 GEOs under its various stream agreements, compared to
                321,093 GEOs in 2016.
            (2) In forecasting GEOs for 2017, gold, silver, platinum and palladium metals have been converted to GEOs using commodity prices of $1,200/oz
                Au, $17.50/oz Ag, $950/oz Pt and $750/oz Pd.
            (3) In forecasting revenue from Oil & Gas assets for 2017, the WTI oil price is assumed to average $50 per barrel with a $3.50 per barrel price
                differential between the Edmonton Light and realized prices for Canadian oil.

            More specifically, we expect the following with respect to our key asset categories for 2017:
                    •   Precious Metals – U.S.: GEOs from U.S. gold assets are expected to be slightly higher in 2017 compared to
                        2016. Higher production is expected at the Bald Mountain mine due to mine sequencing and a lag from ore
                        previously placed on heap leach pads. This will be partly offset by lower production from South Arturo, as a
                        result of a planned wind down of the Phase 2 pit.
                    •   Precious Metals – Canada: GEOs earned from Canadian assets in 2017 are expected to decrease, reflecting
                        the Holloway mine being placed on care and maintenance in late 2016, as well as a reduction in our
                        attributable ounces from Kirkland Lake following the 1% NSR buy-back in October 2016.
                    •   Precious Metals – Latin America: GEOs from Latin America are expected to increase, reflecting increased
                        production from Candelaria due to an optimization of the open pit life-of-mine plan and inclusion of additional
                        volumes of higher grade underground ore. This increase is expected to be partly offset by lower silver
                        production from Antamina, which had exceptionally high production levels in 2016.
                    •   Precious Metals – Rest of World: GEOs from Rest of World assets are forecasted to increase compared to
                        2016, reflecting the first full-year of fixed ounce deliveries from Karma, and a full year of production at the
                        Vivien and Wiluna mines. These increases will be partly offset by the cessation of production from the Cooke
                        4 operations.
                    •   Other Minerals: GEOs from other minerals are expected to be relatively similar to 2016.
                    •   Oil & Gas: Oil & gas revenues are expected to increase in 2017 compared to 2016, as a result of the additions
                        of the STACK assets in Q4/2016 and Midland assets in 2017.
            We expect to fund approximately $200.0 million to $220.0 million towards the Cobre Panama precious metals stream in
            2017. In 2016, the Company funded a total of $124.3 million, for a total of $462.2 million of its $1 billion commitment.
            In addition, the Company estimates depletion and depreciation expense to be $265.0 million to $295.0 million for 2017.
            Franco-Nevada strives to generate 80% of revenue from precious metals over a long-term horizon which includes gold,
            PGM and silver. In the short-term, we may diverge from the long-term target based on opportunities available. With
            93.7% of revenue earned from precious metals in 2016, the Company has the flexibility to consider diversification
            opportunities outside of the precious metals space and increase its exposure to other commodities.


                                                                                  10




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                           15/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                  EXPLANATION OF ROYALTIES, STREAMS AND OTHER INTERESTS
            A royalty is a payment to a royalty holder by a property owner or an operator of a property and is typically based on a
            percentage of the minerals or other products produced or the revenues or profits generated from the property. The
            granting of a royalty to a person usually arises as a result of: (i) paying part of the consideration payable to land owners,
            prospectors or junior mining companies for the purchase of their property interests; (ii) providing capital in exchange
            for granting a royalty; or (iii) converting a participating interest in a joint venture relationship into a royalty.
            Royalties are not typically working interests in a property. Therefore, depending on the nature of the royalty interest
            and the laws applicable to the royalty and project, the royalty holder is generally not responsible for, and has no
            obligation to contribute, additional funds for any purpose, including, but not limited to, operating or capital costs, or
            environmental or reclamation liabilities. Typically, royalty interests are established through a contract between the
            royalty holder and the property owner, although many jurisdictions permit the holder to also register or otherwise
            record evidence of a royalty interest in applicable mineral title or land registries. The unique characteristics of royalties
            may provide royalty holders with special commercial benefits not available to the property owner because the royalty
            holder may enjoy the upside potential of the property with reduced risk.
            Revenue-based Royalties: The majority of royalty revenues that Franco-Nevada receives are royalties based on
            revenues from the value of production. The key types of revenue-based royalties are described in general terms below:
                      Net Smelter Return (“NSR”) royalties are based on the value of production or net proceeds received by the
                      operator from a smelter or refinery. These proceeds are usually subject to deductions or charges for
                      transportation, insurance, smelting and refining costs as set out in the royalty agreement. For gold royalties, the
                      deductions are generally minimal, while for base metal projects the deductions can be much more substantial.
                      This type of royalty generally provides cash flow that is free of any operating or capital costs and
                      environmental liabilities. A smaller percentage NSR in a project can effectively equate to the economic value
                      of a larger percentage profit or working interest in the same project.
                      Gross Royalties (“GR”) or Gross Overriding Royalties (“GOR”) are based on the total revenue stream
                      from the sale of production from the property with few, if any, deductions. Some contracts refer to gross
                      proceeds (“GP”) which have been characterized as comparable to GRs in this document.
                      Overriding Royalties (“ORR”) and Lessor or Freehold Royalties (“FH”) are based on the proceeds from
                      gross production and are usually free of any operating, capital and environmental costs. These terms are
                      usually applied in the oil & gas industry.
            Profit-based Royalties: Franco-Nevada also receives a portion of its revenues from royalties that are calculated based
            on profits, as described below:
                      Net Profit Interest (“NPI”) is based on the profit realized after deducting costs related to production as set out
                      in the royalty agreement. NPI payments generally begin after payback of capital costs. Although the royalty
                      holder is generally not responsible for providing capital, covering operating losses or environmental liabilities,
                      increases in production costs will affect net profits and royalties payable.
                      Net Royalty Interest (“NRI”) is paid net of operating and capital costs similar to an NPI.
            Fixed Royalties: Franco-Nevada has a small number of fixed royalties. These are royalties that are paid based on a set
            rate per tonne mined, produced or processed or even a minimum for a period of time rather than as a percentage of
            revenue or profits. These types of royalties are more common for iron ore, coal and industrial minerals and usually do
            not have exposure to changes in the underlying commodity price.
            The royalty types listed above can include additional provisions that allow them to change character in different
            circumstances or have varying rates. Some examples are as follows:
                      Minimum Royalty (“MR”) is a provision included in some royalties that requires fixed payments at a certain
                      level even if the project is not producing, or the project is producing at too low a rate to achieve the minimum.
                      Advance Minimum Royalty (“AMR”) is similar to an MR except that, once production begins, the minimum
                      payments already paid are often credited against subsequent royalty payments from production that exceeds
                      the minimum.
                      Sliding Scale Royalty (“Sliding Scale” or “ss”) refers to royalties where the royalty percentage is variable.
                      Generally this royalty percentage is indexed to metal prices or a production threshold. Generally, a minimum
                      or maximum percentage would be applied to such a royalty.
                      Capped Royalty (“Capped”) refers to royalties that expire or cease payment after a particular cumulative
                      royalty amount has been paid or a set production volume threshold or time period has been reached.
            Royalties can be commodity specific and, for instance, apply only to gold or hydrocarbons or have varying royalty
            structures for different commodities from the same property. Royalties can be restricted or varied by metallurgy, ore
            type or even by stratigraphic


                                                                         11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                         16/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
            horizon. Generally, the contract terms for royalties in the oil & gas business are more standardized than those found in
            the mineral business.
            Streams: Streams are distinct from royalties. They are metal purchase agreements where, in exchange for an upfront
            deposit and ongoing payments for metal delivered, the holder purchases all or a portion of one or more metals produced
            from a mine, at a preset price. In the case of gold, the agreements typically provide for the purchase price to be the spot
            price at the time of delivery with a fixed price per ounce (typically $400 with a small inflationary adjustment or a
            percentage of spot price for gold) payable in cash and the balance paid by applying the upfront deposit. Once the
            upfront deposit is fully applied, the purchase price is typically, in the case of streams which provide for a fixed price per
            ounce as opposed to a percentage of the spot price, the lesser of the fixed price per ounce payable in cash and the spot
            price at the time of delivery. Precious metals streams are well suited to co-product production providing incentive to
            the operator to produce the precious metals. Because streams can also be used as a form of financing a project, the
            stream structure may also help maintain the borrowing capacity for the project. Streams can provide higher leverage to
            commodity price changes as a result of the fixed purchase price per ounce.
            Working Interests (“WI”): A working interest is significantly different than a royalty or stream in that a holder of a
            WI owns an undivided possessory interest in the land or leasehold itself, and is liable for its share of capital, operating
            and environmental costs, usually in proportion to its ownership percentage, and it receives its pro-rata share of revenue.
            Minority working or equity interests are not considered to be royalties because of the ongoing funding commitments,
            although they can be similar in their calculations to NPIs.
            Example of a Royalty (NSR or NPI) versus a Stream
            Assume for one ounce of gold, a sales price of $1,200, a “stream cost” of $400 per ounce and an “all-in sustaining
            cost”(1) of $730 per ounce. Also assume that Franco-Nevada has a 4% NSR, a 4% NPI or WI or a 4% stream.
                                                                                                                           Developed
                                                                                      NSR                Stream            NPI or WI
            One ounce sold at                                                       $ 1,200            $ 1,200             $ 1,200
            Applicable cost                                                              —             $     400           $    730 (1)
            Margin for calculation                                                  $ 1,200            $     800           $    470

            NSR, Stream or NPI %                                                               4%                 4%                  4%
            Revenue per ounce to FNV                                                $         48  $              32  $               19

                           (1) For applicable costs for a developed NPI or WI, Franco-Nevada is, for illustrative purposes, assuming Barrick Gold Corporation’s (“Barrick”)
                               2016 all-in sustaining cash cost measure, as Barrick represents the largest gold company by production and reserves, as well as being the operator
                               of two assets at which Franco-Nevada has NPI interests. Excluded from the all-in sustaining measure are general and administrative costs as
                               Franco-Nevada also has such costs which have not been reflected in the applicable cost for NSRs or streams.


            Based on the above economics, a comparable percentage NSR is 2.5 times more valuable than an equivalent Developed
            NPI or WI and 50% more valuable than a stream interest. With changes to the gold price, the NPI or WI would
            demonstrate the most leverage while the NSR would provide the most down side protection. The stream provides
            commodity price leverage similar to a low cost operating company with more certainty as to future costs.


                                                                                          12




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                                                 17/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                            TECHNICAL AND THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
            Except where otherwise stated, the disclosure in this AIF relating to properties and operations on the properties in
            which Franco-Nevada holds royalty, stream or other interests is based on information publicly disclosed by the owners
            or operators of these properties and information/data available in the public domain as at March 14, 2017 (except where
            stated otherwise), and none of this information has been independently verified by Franco-Nevada. Specifically, as a
            royalty or stream holder, Franco-Nevada has limited, if any, access to properties included in its asset
            portfolio. Additionally, Franco-Nevada may from time to time receive operating information from the owners and
            operators of the properties, which it is not permitted to disclose to the public. Franco-Nevada is dependent on the
            operators of the properties and their qualified persons to provide information to Franco-Nevada or on publicly available
            information to prepare disclosure pertaining to properties and operations on the properties on which Franco-Nevada
            holds royalty, stream or other interests and generally has limited or no ability to independently verify such
            information. Although Franco-Nevada does not have any knowledge that such information may not be accurate, there
            can be no assurance that such third party information is complete or accurate. Some information publicly reported by
            operators may relate to a larger property than the area covered by Franco-Nevada’s royalty, stream or other interest.
            Franco-Nevada’s royalty, stream or other interests often cover less than 100% and sometimes only a portion of the
            publicly reported mineral reserves, mineral resources and production of a property.
            Except where otherwise noted, the disclosure in this AIF relating to mineral reserve and mineral resource statements for
            individual properties is made as at December 31, 2016. In addition, numerical information presented in this AIF which
            has been derived from information publicly disclosed by owners or operators may have been rounded by Franco-
            Nevada and, therefore, there may be some inconsistencies between the significant digits presented in this AIF and the
            information publicly disclosed by owners and operators.
            Franco-Nevada considers its stream interests in the Antapaccay project, the Antamina project, the Candelaria project
            and the Cobre Panama project to be its only material mineral projects for the purposes of NI 43-101. Franco-Nevada
            will continue to assess the materiality of its assets as new assets are acquired or move into production. In addition to
            these material projects, the Corporation has also included in this AIF selected mineral asset descriptions for its top five
            revenue contributors (excluding the material projects) in this year’s AIF. The Corporation will continue to assess the
            extent to which it will include selected mineral asset descriptions for non-material assets each year based on the
            revenue generated by its material projects and other relevant factors. For additional information, please refer to Franco-
            Nevada’s 2017 Asset Handbook which can be found on our website.
            Information contained in this AIF with respect to each of the Antapaccay project, the Antamina project, the Candelaria
            project and the Cobre Panama project has been prepared in accordance with the exemption set forth in section 9.2 of NI
            43-101.
            The disclosure contained in this AIF of a scientific or technical nature for the Antapaccay project is based on (i) the
            information disclosed in the document entitled “Antapaccay Mining and Technical Information” and dated effective
            February 10, 2016, which document was prepared by Compañía Minera Antapaccay S.A. (“CM Antapaccay”), the
            owner and operator of the Antapaccay project and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Glencore, available on CM
            Antapaccay’s website at www.glencoreperu.pe; (ii) the Glencore Statement of Resources & Reserves as at
            December 31, 2016; and (iii) the news release dated February 2, 2017 of Glencore containing the Glencore 2016
            Production Report, each available on Glencore’s website.
            Unless otherwise noted, the disclosure contained in this AIF of a scientific or technical nature for the Antamina project
            is based on (i) the information disclosed in the annual information form of Teck dated February 23, 2017 and filed
            under Teck’s SEDAR profile on February 24, 2017; and (ii) the technical report entitled “Technical Report, Mineral
            Reserves and Resources, Antamina Deposit, Peru 2010” and dated January 31, 2011, which technical report was
            prepared for Compañía Minera Antamina S.A. (“CM Antamina”), and filed under Teck’s SEDAR profile on March 22,
            2011.
            The disclosure contained in this AIF of a scientific or technical nature for the Candelaria Copper Mining Complex is
            based on (i) the information disclosed in the annual information form of Lundin dated March 30, 2016 and filed under
            Lundin’s SEDAR profile on March 30, 2016; (ii) the news release dated November 30, 2016 containing Lundin’s
            operating outlook, and which can be found on Lundin’s website; (iii) the news release dated February 22, 2017
            containing the 2016 production report and 2017 production guidance, and which can be found on Lundin’s website; and
            (iv) the technical report entitled “Technical Report for the Candelaria Copper Mining Complex, Atacama Province,
            Region III, Chile” dated January 17, 2017. The technical report was prepared for Lundin and filed under Lundin’s
            SEDAR profile on January 17, 2017.
            The disclosure contained in this AIF for the Cobre Panama project is based on (i) the annual information form of First
            Quantum dated March 10, 2017 and filed under First Quantum’s SEDAR profile on March 10, 2017 and (ii) the
            technical report entitled “Cobre Panamá Project -- Colón Province, Republic of Panamá -- NI 43 - 101 Technical
            Report” and dated June 30, 2015, which was prepared for First Quantum and filed under First Quantum’s SEDAR
            profile on July 22, 2015.
            The technical and scientific information contained in this AIF relating to the Antapaccay project, the Antamina project,
            the Candelaria project and the Cobre Panama project was reviewed and approved in accordance with NI 43-101 by Phil
            Wilson, C.Eng., Vice President, Technical of the Corporation and a “Qualified Person” as defined in NI 43-101.


                                                                        13




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                       18/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
            The disclosure in this AIF for the reserve assessment and evaluation of the oil & gas reserves was prepared by GLJ
            Petroleum Consultants Ltd. (“GLJ”) for Franco-Nevada, with an effective date of December 31, 2016, in accordance
            with NI 51-101.
            Reconciliation to CIM Definitions
            In this AIF, Franco-Nevada has disclosed a number of resource and reserve estimates covering properties related to the
            mineral assets that are not based on Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum (“CIM”) definitions, but
            instead have been prepared in reliance upon JORC, SAMREC and SEC Industry Guide 7 (collectively, the “Acceptable
            Foreign Codes”). Estimates based on Acceptable Foreign Codes are recognized under NI 43-101 in certain
            circumstances.
            In each case, the mineral resources and mineral reserves reported in this AIF are based on estimates previously
            disclosed by the relevant property owner or operator, without reference to the underlying data used to calculate the
            estimates. Accordingly, Franco-Nevada is not able to reconcile the resource and reserve estimates prepared in reliance
            on an Acceptable Foreign Code with that of CIM definitions. Franco-Nevada previously sought confirmation from one
            of its technical advisory firms, that is comprised of engineers experienced in the preparation of resource and reserve
            estimates using CIM and each of the Acceptable Foreign Codes, of the extent to which an estimate prepared under an
            Acceptable Foreign Code would differ from that prepared under CIM definitions. Franco-Nevada was advised that,
            while the CIM definitions are not identical to those of the Acceptable Foreign Codes, the resource and reserve
            definitions and categories are substantively the same as the CIM definitions mandated in NI 43-101 and will typically
            result in reporting of substantially similar reserve and resource estimates. Such advisors further confirmed, without
            reference to the procedures in which the estimates prepared using Acceptable Foreign Codes that are reproduced in this
            AIF were conducted, that in the course of their preparation of a resource or reserve estimate they would effectively use
            the same procedures to prepare and report the resource or reserve estimate regardless of the reliance on CIM or any of
            the Acceptable Foreign Codes. Such advisors noted two provisos to this confirmation, being (i) SEC Industry Guide 7
            prohibits the reporting of resources, and will only permit reporting of reserves, and (ii) it is now generally accepted
            practice that staff at the SEC expect to see metals prices based on historic three year average prices, while each of CIM
            and the other Acceptable Foreign Codes permits the author of a resource or reserve estimate to use his or her discretion
            to establish a reasonable assumed metal price in such calculations. See “Cautionary Note Regarding Mineral and Oil
            and Gas Reserve and Resource Reporting Estimates”.


                                                                       14




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                     19/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                                                         FRANCO-NEVADA’S ASSETS
            Franco-Nevada’s assets are categorized by commodity and stage of development. By commodity, assets are either
            “Precious Metals”, “Other Minerals” or “Oil & Gas”. “Precious Metals” includes gold, silver and PGM. The
            categories other than Oil & Gas are collectively referred to as “Mineral Assets”. For presentation purposes, “Precious
            Metals” encompasses gold, silver, some polymetallic exploration prospects, and platinum group metals including
            palladium. “Other Minerals” includes base metals, iron ore, coal, industrial and miscellaneous minerals. “Producing”
            assets are those that have generated revenue from steady-state operations to Franco-Nevada or are expected to in the
            next year. “Advanced” assets are assets on projects that in management’s view have a reasonable possibility of
            generating steady-state revenue to Franco-Nevada in the next five years or includes properties under development,
            permitting, feasibility or advanced exploration. “Exploration” assets represent early stage exploration properties that
            are speculative and are expected to require more than five years to generate revenue, if ever, or are currently not active.
            For accounting purposes, the number of assets has been counted in different manners depending on the
            category. Royalties on a producing or advanced property are generally counted as a single asset even if Franco-Nevada
            has multiple different royalties on the property, such as at the Goldstrike complex. Streams covering a group of mines
            in close proximity and operated by a common operator such as the Sudbury streams have also been counted as one
            asset. However, royalties and streams on producing properties that have significant co-products have been counted
            twice, such as the Robinson royalties for gold and copper or the Sudbury streams for gold and PGM. Exploration
            royalties are simply counted by the number of royalty contracts and no effort has been made to consolidate royalties on
            the same property. Franco-Nevada’s oil & gas interests are subdivided into Producing Assets, which include assets that
            are currently producing oil or natural gas, or Exploration Assets, which are early stage, undeveloped assets, whereby no
            oil or gas production is expected from Franco-Nevada’s land interests for more than five years, if ever. Franco-
            Nevada’s oil & gas interests consist of a variety of working interests and royalty interests which are derived from a
            large number of underlying leases and contractual agreements covering land positions in western Canada, Quebec, the
            Canadian Arctic and Oklahoma and Texas in the United States. For accounting purposes, these leases and contracts
            have been grouped into distinct land areas and tabulated as individual assets. In many cases, Franco-Nevada owns
            multiple royalties or working interests that pertain to the same land area, and in these circumstances, the interests are
            counted as a single asset.
            As of March 21, 2017, Franco-Nevada estimates that it holds 259 Mineral Assets and 80 Oil & Gas Assets for a total of
            339 assets.

                          Franco-Nevada Asset Tabulation at March 21, 2017
                                 Precious Metals Other Minerals Oil & Gas                    TOTAL
              Producing                     41               5         61(1)                    107
              Advanced                      34               7          —                        41
              Exploration                  135              37          19                      191
              TOTAL                        210              49          80                      339
            (1)     Midland Basin transaction expected to close in Q2 2017.




                                                                                   15




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                       20/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                                 Summary of Mineral Reserves and Mineral Resources
             The mineral reserves and mineral resources tabulated in this AIF reflect the most recent publicly disclosed figures by
             the operators of the assets (converted to a 100% basis where appropriate) in which Franco-Nevada has
             interests. However, Franco-Nevada’s interests often do not cover the entire mineral reserve and mineral resource
             that is publicly reported by the operator.
                                                                                                                                                                                 % of
                                                                                                                                                                               Mineral
                                                                                                         Mineral Reserves                                                     Reserves
                                                                      Proven                                 Probable                         Proven & Probable              covered by
                                                          Tonnes        Grade       Contained       Tonnes     Grade Contained           Tonnes      Grade Contained          royalty or
               GOLD - UNITED STATES          Notes          000s           g/t        000 oz          000s         g/t    000 oz           000s         g/t     000 oz         stream1
               Goldstrike                    1,4,5,6      57,469         3.29           6,082       13,216       4.70      1,995         70,685       3.55       8,077                 65 %
                                                                                                                                                                                      not
               Gold Quarry                      1,7                 not available                             not available                        not available                available
               Marigold                       1,8,9            —             —            —         185,000         0.48       2,840    185,000          0.48        2,840           100 %
               Midas/Fire Creek              3,10,11          238        31.80           243            386        15.13         188        624         21.48          431           100 %
               Bald Mountain                   1,12        10,332         0.82           271        100,154         0.58       1,862    110,486          0.60        2,133             77 %
               Mesquite                       13,14         7,882         0.49           123         63,479         0.52       1,056     71,361          0.51        1,179           100 %
               Stibnite Gold                 3,15,16           —             —            —          88,964         1.60       4,578     88,964          1.60        4,578           100 %
               Castle Mountain                                 —             —            —              —            —           —          —             —            —              —
               Hollister                       17,18          101        20.62            67            161        19.97         104        262         20.29          171           100 %
               Pinson                      1,3,19,20,21     5,717         0.91           168          1,056         5.19         176      6,856          1.56          344             —%
               Robinson                      22,23,24     110,513         0.15           533          8,860         0.12          34    119,374          0.15          576           100 %
               Sandman                                         —             —            —              —            —           —          —             —            —              —
               South Arturo                1,25,26,27       1,418         3.95           180            215         3.38          23      1,633          3.87          203           100 %
               GOLD - CANADA
               Detour Lake                  28,29,30       91,000         1.25          3,659       423,400         0.94      12,736    514,400         0.99       16,395           100 %
               Golden Highway (Hislop)        31,32            —            —              —            280         5.16          46        280         5.16           46           100 %
               Golden Highway (Holloway)      33,34            —            —              —            233         5.35          40        233         5.35           40           100 %
               Golden Highway (Holt)          35,36         1,452         4.26            199         2,414         5.05         392      3,866         4.75          591           100 %
               Golden Highway (Taylor)        37,38            —            —              —            774         6.27         156        774         6.27          156           100 %
               Sudbury Levack                1,39,40           —            —              —            486         1.01          16        486         1.01           16           100 %
               Musselwhite                    41,42         3,170         6.79            690         5,040         6.14         990      8,210         6.39        1,690           100 %
               Hemlo                       1,43,44,45       1,018         3.64            119        24,764         1.85       1,469     25,782         1.92        1,588            20 %
               Kirkland Lake                  46,47           808        15.86            412         1,545        21.16       1,051      2,354        19.33        1,463           100 %
               Timmins West                   48,49            —            —              —          2,000         3.69         233      2,000         3.69          233           100 %
               Canadian Malartic             1,50,51       51,120         0.95          1,570       152,548         1.13       5,528    203,668         1.08        7,096            12 %
               Brucejack                     1,52,53        4,700        12.57          1,900        13,800        15.33       6,800     18,500        14.63        8,700           100 %
               Hardrock                       54,55            —            —              —        141,715         1.02       4,647    141,715         1.02        4,647           100 %
               Red Lake (Phoenix)                              —            —              —             —            —           —          —            —            —             —
               Courageous Lake                56,57        12,000         2.41          1,000        79,000         2.17       5,500     91,000         2.20        6,500           100 %
               Dublin Gulch (Eagle)           58,59        27,000         0.80            685        90,000         0.62       1,778    116,000         0.66        2,463           100 %
               Goldfields                     60,61         1,228         1.90             75        21,105         1.39         945     22,333         1.42        1,020           100 %
               Red Mountain                                    —            —              —             —            —           —          —            —            —            100 %
               Monument Bay                                    —            —              —             —            —           —          —            —            —             —
               GOLD - LATIN AMERICA
               Antapaccay                       62        238,000         0.12            881     477,000           0.09       1,345     715,000         0.10        2,226          100 %
               Candelaria                  1,63,64,65     446,078         0.12          1,776      36,455           0.16         186     482,533         0.13        1,962           80 %
               Guadalupe-Palmarejo            1,3,66        1,423         2.75            126       6,508           2.23         466       7,931         2.32          592           77 %
               Cobre Panama                  1,67,68      345,600         0.10          1,122   2,837,000           0.06       5,819   3,182,600         0.07        6,941           80 %
               Cerro Moro                     69,70            —            —              —        1,954          11.38         715       1,954        11.38          715          100 %
               Calcatreu                                       —            —              —           —              —           —           —            —            —            —
               Gurupi                         71,72            —            —              —       63,757           1.14       2,328      63,757         1.14        2,328          100 %
               San Jorge                                       —            —              —           —              —           —           —            —            —            —
               Taca Taca                                       —            —              —           —              —           —           —            —            —            —
               Volcan                                          —            —              —           —              —           —           —            —            —            —
               GOLD - AUSTRALIA
               Duketon                     1,73,74,75       7,900         0.99           251         45,900         1.12       1,648     53,600          1.10        1,899          100 %
               Henty                          76,77           290         5.00            47            138         5.80          26        428          5.40           73          100 %
               Aphrodite                                       —            —             —              —            —           —          —             —            —            —
               Yandal (Bronzewing)                             —            —             —              —            —           —          —             —            —            —
               Bullabulling                                    —            —             —              —            —           —          —             —            —            —
               Edna May                      1,78,79           —            —             —           8,830         1.54         438      8,830          1.54          438            2%
               Glenburgh                                       —            —             —              —            —           —          —             —            —            —
               Red October                                     —            —             —              —            —           —          —             —            —           100 %
               South Kalgoorlie              1,80,81          163         3.84            20          1,021         2.90          95      1,184          3.03          115           74 %
               Matilda (Wiluna)               82,83           195         1.90            12          6,842         2.50         548      2,471          1.80          560          100 %
               GOLD - REST OF WORLD
                                                                                                                                                                                   fixed
               MWS                            84,85       117,250         0.21            790       169,890         0.24       1,310    287,140          0.23        2,100      interest
               Sabodala                     86,87,88       21,220         1.00            680        38,110         1.60       1,960     59,340          1.38        2,640           100 %
               Subika                      1,89,90,91      50,700         1.29          2,110        56,500         2.26       4,110    107,200          1.80        6,220            78 %
               Tasiast                         92          28,858         1.30          1,238       100,639         2.10       6,777    129,497          1.90        8,015           100 %
               Edikan                          93          20,100         1.13            733        36,300         1.13       1,346     56,500          1.14        2,078           100 %
               Cooke 4                                         —            —              —             —            —           —          —             —            —            100 %
               Karma                           94             400         0.59              8        37,400         0.92       1,109     37,900          0.92        1,117           100 %
               Agi Dagi                       95,96         1,450         0.76             36        52,911         0.66       1,130     54,361          0.67        1,166            —
                                                                                                                                                                                   fixed
               Ity                             97             100         2.90             6         43,800         1.50       2,117     43,900          1.50        2,123      interest
               Perama Hill                     98           2,477         4.44           354          7,220         2.68         621      9,697          3.13          975           100 %
               Sissingue                     99,100         3,400         2.85           312          2,100         1.70         115      5,500          2.43          429           100 %
               TOTAL GOLD MINERAL
                   RESERVES                                                           28,478                                  89,392                               117,887




                                                                                               16




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                                                           21/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                                                                     Mineral Resources - Inclusive of Reserves                                            Mineral Resources           Percentage
                                                                            Measured (M)                      Indicated (I)                         (M)+(I)                   Inferred                 covered by
                                                                  Tonnes      Grade Contained        Tonnes      Grade Contained                   Contained       Tonnage      Grade Contained         royalty or
                                                                                                                                                                                                          stream
               GOLD - UNITED STATES                Notes             000s        g/t        000 oz             000s         g/t        000 oz           000 oz         000s        g/t       000 oz      interest1
               Goldstrike                         1,2,132          59,782      3.42          6,570           19,134       4.82          2,963            9,533        1,145      9.48          349                 65 %
               Gold Quarry                         1,133                  not available                             not available                                          not available              not available
               Marigold                          1,134,135             —         —              —           348,300       0.46            5,150         5,150       53,600       0.41           700             100 %
               Midas/Fire Creek                3,136,137,138          542    26.47             461              946     15.02               457           918        1,453     15.07            704             100 %
               Bald Mountain                      1,2,139          35,213      0.70            788          276,210       0.55            4,893         5,681       49,472       0.40           648                92 %
               Mesquite                          2,140,141         13,361      0.44            187          128,481       0.49            2,032         2,219        7,118       0.32            74             100 %
               Stibnite Gold                      142,143              —         —              —           104,505       1.63            5,465         5,465       25,168       1.32         1,066             100 %
               Castle Mountain                  144,145,146        17,400      0.86            480          202,500       0.57            3,711         4,191       40,800       0.58           760             100 %
               Hollister                        147,148,149           166    38.37             205           21,055       1.32              895         1,100       34,845       0.64           715             100 %
               Pinson                           1,3,150,151        19,223      1.21            746            4,130       2.54              338         1,085        1,080       4.88           169                —%
               Robinson                         152,153,154       317,942      0.18          1,840           40,173       0.15              194         2,072       11,942       0.18            69             100 %
               Sandman                            1,2,155              —         —              —             1,200       1.23               50            50        1,000       1.85            60             100 %
               South Arturo                     1,2,156,157         1,430      3.93            181              252       3.09               25           206           10       5.18             2             100 %
               GOLD - CANADA
               Detour Lake                         2,158          108,800       1.26         4,415          526,100       0.94         15,866         20,281        42,300        0.82        1,121            100 %
               Golden Highway (Hislop)           2,159,160             —          —             —             1,263       4.26            173            173           690        4.15           92            100 %
               Golden Highway (Holloway)         2,161,162            310       4.72            47              715       4.79            110            157         2,479        4.88          389            100 %
               Golden Highway (Holt)             2,163,164          5,154       4.06           672            6,275       4.35            877          1,548         7,866        4.67        1,181            100 %
               Golden Highway (Taylor)         2,165,166,167           —          —             —            26,655       1.91          1,633          1,633         2,755        4.26          377            100 %
               Sudbury Levack                    1,168,169          1,732       0.08             4           11,240       0.07             25             29         4,594        0.16           24            100 %
               Musselwhite                       2,170,171          3,540       6.59           750            7,550       5.73          1,390          2,150         6,800        5.49        1,200            100 %
               Hemlo                              1,2,172           1,144       3.53           130           83,535       1.18          3,178          3,308         7,765        1.94          484             20 %
               Kirkland Lake                   2,173,174,175        1,811      14.75           859            7,490      13.44          3,236          4,096         6,818        8.96        1,965            100 %
               Timmins West                     176,177,178            —          —             —             8,590       4.13          1,141          1,141         6,573        5.72        1,208            100 %
               Canadian Malartic                1,2,179,180        55,122       0.98         1,742          174,790       1.18          6,646          8,384        29,884        1.93        1,858             12 %
               Brucejack                         1,181,182          5,900      12.65         2,400           15,500      15.45          7,700         10,000         8,600       14.11        3,900            100 %
               Hardrock                          2,183,184             —          —             —           175,481       1.20          6,763          6,763        25,365        3.18        2,590            100 %
               Red Lake (Phoenix)                 185,186              —          —             —               492       6.70            106            106         1,519        6.29          307            100 %
               Courageous Lake                    187,188          13,401       2.53         1,090           93,914       2.28          6,884          7,974        53,227        2.29        3,914            100 %
               Dublin Gulch (Eagle)               189,190          29,400       0.81           761          151,300       0.59          2,870          3,631        17,400        0.49          276            100 %
               Goldfields                         191,192             858       2.04            56           20,002       1.51            971          1,027         4,564        1.54          226            100 %
               Red Mountain                       193,194           1,246       9.40           376              829       7.78            207            584           325        6.22           65            100 %
               Monument Bay                         195                —          —             —            36,581       1.52          1,787          1,787        41,946        1.32        1,781            100 %
               GOLD - LATIN AMERICA
               Antapaccay                            196          239,000       0.12           956        708,000          0.09           1,986         2,942       212,000       0.10          682            100 %
               Candelaria                      1,197,198,199      590,340       0.14         2,660         98,647          0.21             654         3,314        61,590       0.19          382             80 %
               Guadalupe-Palmarejo                1,2,3,200         2,165       2.53           176         10,211          1.99             653           829         4,287       1.87          258            100 %
               Cobre Panama                      1,201,202        336,000       0.10         1,080      3,358,000          0.06           6,373         7,453     1,051,000       0.03        1,135             93 %
               Cerro Moro                           2,204              —          —             —           5,275          5.62             953           953         4,427       1.96          279            100 %
               Calcatreu                             205               —          —             —           8,000          2.63             676           676         3,400       2.07          226            100 %
               Gurupi                              206,207         46,027       0.73         1,076         95,979          0.79           2,444         3,519         7,719       0.67          165            100 %
               San Jorge                           208,209         79,518       0.22           584        104,091          0.19             626         1,211        11,235       0.16           59            100 %
               Taca Taca                        210,211,212            —          —             —       2,408,000          0.10           7,630         7,630       938,000       0.06        1,700            100 %
               Volcan                              213,214             —          —             —              —             —               —             —         18,600       0.85          510             25 %
               GOLD - AUSTRALIA
               Duketon                         1,215,216,217        9,300       1.02          304           132,100        0.98           4,173         4,477       25,900        0.95          795             97 %
               Henty                              218,219             976       4.80          150               556        4.90              88           238          284        4.80           44            100 %
               Aphrodite                          220,221              —          —            —             16,390        1.71             899           899       12,350        1.25          498            100 %
               Yandal (Bronzewing)                222,223              —          —            —              4,503        2.10             304           304        3,801        1.65          202            100 %
               Bullabulling                        1,224               —          —            —             68,570        0.99           2,185         2,185       23,080        1.20          893             50 %
               Edna May                          1,225,226             —          —            —             14,750        1.47             696           696        2,500        0.96           77              2%
               Glenburgh                          227,228           2,900       1.94          181             4,600        1.56             231           412       13,900        1.32          591            100 %
               Red October                        229,230              29      11.80           11             4,000        1.93             248           259        3,283        2.05          216            100 %
               South Kalgoorlie                  1,231,232            855       3.70          102            15,785        2.57           1,305         1,407       13,032        2.43        1,018             88 %
               Matilda (Wiluna)                 233,234,235           200       2.02           13            31,000        3.12           3,112         3,125       33,000        3.12        3,309            100 %
               GOLD - REST OF WORLD
               MWS                                  236           120,250       0.21           830          170,100        0.24           1,310        2,140        15,170        0.30          150   fixed interest
               Sabodala                         237,238,239        25,011       1.15           926           60,362        1.81           3,516        4,442        15,254        1.92          944             100 %
               Subika                             1,2,240          51,900       1.28         2,130           93,500        2.10           6,320        8,450        27,900        2.64        2,370              80 %
               Tasiast                             2,241           35,413       1.26         1,435          166,460        1.82           9,724       11,159         5,575        1.90          345             100 %
               Edikan                             242,243          47,100       1.17         1,772          108,800        0.93           3,246        5,011        30,000        0.93          899             100 %
               Cooke 4                              244                —          —             —            45,300        0.30             430          430            —           —            —              100 %
               Karma                              245,246             400       0.62             8           83,800        1.10           2,973        2,981        19,300        1.27          791             100 %
               Agi Dagi                         1,2,247,248         2,516       0.75            61          104,453        0.63           2,132        2,193        19,551        0.52          330              95 %
               Ity                                  249                 0       1.84             2           52,800        1.64           2,777        2,779        30,200        1.45        1,406   fixed interest
               Perama Hill                          250             3,064       4.30           424            9,375        3.18             958        1,382         8,766        1.96          554             100 %
               Sissingue                          251,252           4,800       2.40           370           11,000        1.44             510          880         1,100        1.78           63             100 %
               TOTAL GOLD MINERAL
                   RESOURCES*                                                               40,012                                   156,867         196,818                                49,165
             *Total excludes New Prosperity

                                                                                                                       Silver Mineral Reserves                                                        Percentage
                                                                                  Proven                                     Probable                               Proven & Probable                 covered by
                                                                      Tonnes      Grade      Contained            Tonnes       Grade Contained                   Tonnes    Grade Contained             royalty or
                                                                                                                                                                                                         stream
               Silver                                 Notes             000s          g/t          000 oz           000s            g/t        000 oz              000s           g/t       000 oz      interest1
               Antapaccay                              101           238,000        1.62           12,402        477,000          1.87         28,617           715,000         1.78        41,019              100 %
               Antamina                               1,102          174,100       10.92           61,111        378,500         10.49        127,622           552,600        10.69       189,837             22.5 %
               Candelaria                         1,103,104,105      446,078        1.83           26,230         36,455          1.84          2,158           482,534         1.83        28,388                80 %
               Cobre Panama                         1,106,107        345,600        1.33           14,791      2,837,000          1.36        123,612         3,182,500         1.35       138,402                80 %
               Cerro Moro                            109,110              —           —                —           1,954        648.22         40,723             1,954       648.22        40,723              100 %
               Midas/Fire Creek                     3,111,112            238      191.19            1,461            386         99.72          1,239               624       134.55         2,700              100 %
               TOTAL SILVER MINERAL
                  RESERVES                                                                     115,995                                        323,971                                      441,070

                                                                              Silver Mineral Resources — Inclusive of Reserves                                                                         Percentage
                                                                         Measured (M)                    Indicated (I)                             (M)+(I)       Silver Inferred Mineral Resources     covered by
                                                               Tonnes      Grade Contained        Tonnes    Grade Contained                       Contained        Tonnage      Grade    Contained      royalty or
                                                                                                                                                                                                          stream
               Silver                             Notes           000s          g/t       000 oz           000s           g/t        000 oz          000 oz           000s         g/t       000 oz      interest1
               Antapaccay                          253         239,000        1.68        12,924        708,000         1.72         39,061          51,985        212,000       1.52        10,332             100 %
               Antamina                           1,254        239,000       10.26        78,866        846,000        11.31        307,682         391,885      1,247,000      10.42       417,734            22.5 %
               Candelaria                     1,255,256,257    590,340        2.02        38,335         98,647         2.19          6,936          45,271         11,304      10.88         3,956              80 %
               Cobre Panama                     1,258,259      336,000        1.35        14,584      3,358,000         1.32        142,062         156,646      1,051,000       1.08        36,449              80 %
               Cerro Moro                         2,261             —           —             —           5,275       359.89         61,036          61,036          4,427     101.28        14,415             100 %
               Midas/Fire Creek               3,262,263,264        542      204.39         3,559            946       114.10          3,471           7,031          1,453      51.62         2,412             100 %
               TOTAL SILVER
                  MINERAL
                  RESOURCES                                                            148,268                                    560,248           713,854                                 485,299




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                                                                                       22/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      17




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm        23/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                                                                                                            PGM Mineral Reserves                                                    Percentage
                                                                              Proven                            Probable                           Proven & Probable                covered by
                                                                   Tonnes       Grade    Contained      Tonnes    Grade     Contained         Tonnes     Grade    Contained          royalty or
                 PGM                              Notes              000s          g/t     000 oz         000s        g/t      000 oz           000s         g/t     000 oz      stream interest1
                 Sudbury                        1,113,114              —           —            —          486      7.18          112            486       7.18         112                  100 %
                 Stillwater                    1,3,115,116          5,423       17.16        2,992      36,001     15.73      18,207          41,424      15.92      21,198                    96 %
                 Pandora                      1,117,118,119         2,195        3.85          244      12,683      4.26        1,707         14,878       4.20       1,951                    80 %
                 TOTAL PGM MINERAL
                    RESERVES                                                                  3,236                               20,027                                23,261

                                                                       PGM Mineral Resources — Inclusive of Reserves                                                             Percentage
                                                                   Measured (M)                  Indicated (I)         (M)+(I)                PGM Inferred Mineral Resources     covered by
                                                          Tonnes      Grade Contained   Tonnes       Grade Contained Contained                Tonnage     Grade     Contained     royalty or
                 PGM                          Notes         000s          g/t   000 oz     000s         g/t     000 oz   000 oz                  000s         g/t      000 oz stream interest1
                 Sudbury                    1,265,266      1,732        0.36        20   11,240       0.39         141      161                 4,594       0.99          146             100 %
                 Stillwater                 1,2,3,267      5,423       17.16     2,992   36,001      15.73      18,207   21,198                83,700      16.39       44,113               96 %
                 Pandora                    1,268,269     25,854        4.80     3,902 140,000        4.61      20,732   24,634                23,171       4.73        3,415               80 %
                 TOTAL PGM MINERAL
                    RESOURCES                                                       6,914                             39,080       45,993                               47,674

                                                                                                           Copper Mineral Reserves                                                  Percentage
                                                                            Proven                               Probable                           Proven & Probable               covered by
                                                               Tonnes         Grade   Contained        Tonnes       Grade    Contained        Tonnes      Grade    Contained         royalty or
                 Copper                         Notes            000s           %         Mlbs           000s         %          Mlbs            000s        %         Mlbs      stream interest1
                 Osborne                       120,121          2,660          0.94 %        55         2,590        1.47 %         84          5,250       1.21 %       139         fixed interest
                 Rosemont                     3,122,123       279,479          0.46 %     2,834       325,796        0.42 %      3,017        605,276       0.44 %     5,851                  100 %
                 NuevaUnion (Relincho)         124,125        435,300          0.38 %     3,647       803,800        0.37 %      6,557      1,239,100       0.37 %    10,203                  100 %
                 Taca Taca                                         —             —           —             —           —            —              —          —           —                   100 %
                 Robinson                      126,127        110,513          0.42 %     1,023         8,860        0.28 %         55        119,373       0.41 %     1,078                  100 %
                 Vizcachitas                                       —             —           —             —           —            —              —          —           —                   100 %
                 TOTAL COPPER MINERAL
                    RESERVES                                                                7,560                                 9,712                                17,272

                                                                        Copper Mineral Resources - Inclusive of Reserves                                                    Percentage
                                                                    Measured (M)                    Indicated (I)            (M)+(I)  Copper Inferred Mineral Resources     covered by
                                                       Tonnes         Grade    Contained Tonnes        Grade      Contained Contained Tonnage     Grade       Contained      royalty or
                 Copper                       Notes     000s           %         Mlbs       000s        %           Mlbs      Mlbs      000s        %           Mlbs     stream interest1
                 Osborne                     270,271     6,500          1.31 %      187      5,470       1.43 %        172       359      5,840      1.37 %          177      fixed interest
                 Rosemont                   3,272,273 342,914           0.43 %    3,232    548,572       0.37 %      4,450     7,682   126,733       0.40 %        1,112               100 %
                 NuevaUnion (Relincho)        2,274    515,200          0.36 %    4,122 1,120,900        0.36 %      8,933    13,056   610,800       0.38 %        5,117               100 %
                 Taca Taca                 275,276,277      —             —          — 2,165,000         0.44 %     21,150    21,150   921,000       0.37 %       7,550                100 %
                 Robinson                    278,279   317,943          0.47 %    3,294     40,173       0.34 %        301     3,596     11,942      0.38 %          100               100 %
                 Vizcachitas                 280,281        —             —          — 1,038,000         0.37 %      8,539     8,539   318,000       0.34 %       2,415                100 %
                 TOTAL COPPER
                    MINERAL RESOURCES                                              10,836                             43,546       54,382                               16,471

                                                                                                          Nickel Mineral Reserves                                                   Percentage
                                                                            Proven                               Probable                          Proven & Probable                covered by
                                                              Tonnes        Grade     Contained       Tonnes      Grade      Contained       Tonnes     Grade     Contained          royalty or
                 Nickel                        Notes           000s          %          Mlbs           000s        %           Mlbs           000s        %          Mlbs        stream interest1
                 Mt Keith                     128,129          39,600          0.60 %      522          5,800        0.50 %         64        45,300       0.59 %       587                  100 %
                 Falcondo                     130,131          44,900          1.28 %    1,267         26,300        1.36 %       789         71,200       1.31 %     2,056                  100 %
                 TOTAL NICKEL MINERAL
                    RESERVES                                                                1,789                                   853                                 2,643

                                                                     Nickel Mineral Resources - Inclusive of Reserves                                                               Percentage
                                                               Measured (M)                       Indicated (I)                 (M)+(I)      Nickel Inferred Mineral Resources      covered by
                                                     Tonnes      Grade    Contained     Tonnes       Grade      Contained      Contained     Tonnage       Grade     Contained       royalty or
                 Nickel                    Notes       000s         %          Mlbs       000s         %            Mlbs           Mlbs          000s         %          Mlbs    stream interest1
                 Mt Keith                 282,283   160,200        0.55 %     1,930    106,000        0.48 %        1,122          3,051       35,000        0.48 %        370               100 %
                 Falcondo                 284,285    40,500        1.42 %     1,268     31,100        1.53 %        1,049          2,320        4,900        1.40 %        151               100 %
                 TOTAL NICKEL
                    MINERAL
                    RESOURCES                                                    3,198                               2,171         5,372                                  522

             Notes
             All Mineral Reserves and Resources have been calculated in accordance with acceptable foreign codes, including CIM, SEC, JORC, or SAMREC guidelines
             Mineral Resources which are not Mineral Reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability
             Unless otherwise noted, Mineral Reserves and Resources are reported as of December 31, 2016
             Unless otherwise noted, Mineral Resources were reported by the operator inclusive of Mineral Reserves
             Contained metal does not take into account recovery losses
             Mineral Reserves and Resource based on publicly disclosed information as of March 14, 2017
             Rows and columns may not add up due to rounding
             Inferred Resources are in addition to Measured and Indicated Resources. Inferred Resources have a great amount of uncertainty as their existence and whether they
             can be mined legally or economically. It cannot be assumed that all or any part of the Inferred Resources will ever be upgraded to a higher category. See "Cautionary
             Note to US Investors Regarding Reserve and Resource Reporting Standards".
             1        Royalty does not cover entire property or cover all known Mineral Reserves and Resources
             2        Mineral Resources shown by operator as exclusive of Mineral Reserves. The Company's QP determined the inclusive Mineral Resources by adding the
                       exclusive Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources to the Proven and Probable Reserves
             3        Mineral Reserves and Resources are reported by the operator in non-metric units. The Company's QP calculated the metric conversion using 1 opt=34.286
                       g/t, 1 short ton = 0.9018 metric tonnes, 1 oz = 31.1035 g
             4        Mineral Reserves are calculated using an assumed gold price of $1,000/oz for 2017 through 2020 and $1,200/oz from 2021 onwards
             5        Mineral Reserves estimate incorporate current and/or expected mine plans and cost levels at each property
             6        Varying cut-off grades have been used depending on the mine and type of ore contained in the Mineral Reserves
             7        In accordance with certain provisions of the royalty agreement, Franco-Nevada is not able to disclose Mineral Reserves and Resources for Gold Quarry
             8        Mineral Reserves are calculated using a gold price of $1,250/oz
             9        Mineral Reserves assume a cut-off of 0.065 g/t payable gold grade
             10         Mineral Reserves for Fire Creek and Midas assume $1,200/oz gold, $17.00/oz silver
             11         Fire Creek Mineral Reserves uses a cut-off of 0.343 Au opt; Midas Mineral Reserves uses cut-off of 0.305 Au opt
             12         Mineral Reserves are calculated using an assumed gold price of $1,200/oz
             13         Mineral Reserves calculated using $1,250/oz Au
             14         Mineral Reserves reported at a lower cut-off of 0.16 g/t Au for oxide & transition, and 0.41 g/t Au for sulphide
             15         Mineral Reserves assume: $1,350/oz Au, $22.50 Ag, $4.50/lb Sb
             16         As of December 15, 2014
             17         Underground Mineral Reserves as of June 2012, depleted to September 30, 2012
             18         Underground Mineral Reserves assume $1,400/oz Au and a cut-off of 0.25 opt



                                                                                                      18



file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                                                                   24/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   25/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             19       As of June 30, 2014
             20       Oxide and sulfide Mineral Reserves have been estimated at a cut-off grade of 0.23 opt and 0.22 opt respectively using a gold price of $1,300/oz
             21       Open pit Mineral Reserves based on a 0.0064 opt internal cyanide soluble gold cut-off at $1,250/oz Au
             22       As of December 31, 2014
             23       Mineral Reserves assume US$3.08/lb Cu and US$1200/oz Au
             24       Mineral Reserves reported in kilograms; Company's QP converted to ounces
             25       Mineral Reserves are calculated using an assumed gold price of $1,000/oz for 2017 through 2020 and $1,200/oz from 2021 onwards
             26       Varying cut-off grades have been used depending on the mine and type of ore contained in the Mineral Reserves
             27       Mineral Resources converted to 100% basis from Barrick's 60% attributable share
             28       Mineral Reserves reported as of December 31, 2015 using $1,000/oz Au and US$/C$ exchange rate of C$1.10 and a cut-off of 0.5 g/t Au
             29       Only Measured and Indicated LG fines scheduled in the mine plan were reported as Probable Mineral Reserves and are based on a 0.4 g/t cut-off
             30       Mineral reserves included an average mining dilution of 5.3% from 2016 to 2018 and 4% for 2018+, at a diluting grade of 0.20g/t Au. Mining ore loss of
                     5% also included.
             31       Mineral Reserve as at December 31, 2014
             32       Mineral Reserves estimated using an average long-term gold price of $1,250/oz and a cut-off grade of 3.00 g/t Au
             33       Mineral Reserve as at December 31, 2014
             34       Mineral Reserves estimated using an average long-term gold price of $1,250/oz and a cut-off grade of 4.11 g/t Au
             35       Mineral Reserve as at December 31, 2014
             36       Mineral Reserves estimated using an average long-term gold price of $1,250/oz and a cut-off grade of 3.02 g/t Au
             37       Mineral Reserve as at December 31, 2014
             38       Mineral Reserves assume $1,250/oz Au and a stope by stope cut-off grade of 3.48 g/t
             39       As of December 31, 2014
             40       Mineral Reserves estimated using $3.08/lb Cu, $8.50/lb Ni, $1,700/oz Pt, $800/oz Pd and $1,200/oz Au
             41       Mineral Reserves are calculated using $1,200/oz Au
             42       Mineral Reserves as of June 30, 2016
             43       Mineral Reserves are calculated using an assumed gold price of $1,000/oz for 2017 through 2020 and $1,200/oz from 2021 onwards
             44       Mineral Reserve estimates incorporate current and/or expected mine plans and cost levels at each property
             45       Varying cut-off grades have been used depending on the mine and type of ore contained in the Mineral Reserves
             46       Kirkland Lake Property Wide as of December 31, 2014.
             47       Kirkland Lake Property Wide assume US$1,200/oz of gold at cut-off grade of 7.8 g/t
             48       As of January 1, 2017
             49       Mineral Reserves are reported using a gold cut-off grade of 2.0 g/t and a gold price of $1,250/oz
             50       Mineral Reserves and Mineral Resources converted to 100% basis from Yamana's 50% interest
             51       Mineral Reserves estimated using $1,200/oz Au, cut-off grades range from 0.334 to 0.374 g/t Au
             52       Valley of the Kings as of December 2016; West Zone as of June 2014
             53       Calculated at a C$180/t cut-off assuming $1,100/oz Au, $17/oz Ag, C$/US$ exchange rate = US$0.92
             54       Mineral Reserves as of October 1, 2016
             55       Mineral Reserves reported at 0.33 g/t cut-off using $1,250/oz Au
             56       As of July 24, 2012
             57       Waste to ore cut-offs determined using $1,244/oz Au and pit limit based on a C$20.10/t cut-off
             58       As of September 12, 2016
             59       Mineral Reserves estimated using cut-off grades between 0.19 - 0.22 g/t
             60       As of October 6, 2011
             61       Mineral Reserves assume an economic cut-off grade of 0.72 g/t Au
             62       Commodity prices and exchange rates used to establish the economic viability of reserves are based on long-term forecasts applied at the time the reserve
                     was estimated
             63       As of June 30, 2016
             64       Mineral Reserves assume $2.75/lb Cu, $1,000/oz Au and $15/oz Ag. Open pit and underground for the Candelaria property use cut-off grades of 0.20% Cu
                     and 0.64% Cu, respectively
             65       Underground Mineral Reserves for Alcaparrosa and Santos are reported at cut-off grades of 0.66% Cu and 0.73% Cu, respectively
             66       Assumed metal prices for Mineral Reserves were $17.50/oz Ag and $1,250/oz Au
             67       As of June 30, 2015
             68       Mineral Reserves estimated using a $3.00/lb Cu, $1,200/oz Au, $16/oz Ag and $13.50/lb Mo
             69       Mineral Reserves estimated using $950/oz Au and $18.00/oz Ag
             70       Open pit cut-off at 3.4 g/t AuEq and underground cut-off at 6.2 g/t AuEq
             71       As of January 31, 2011
             72       Mineral Reserves assume a gold price of $1,066/oz
             73       As of March 31, 2016
             74       Mineral Reserves are reported inclusive of ROM stockpiles at cut-off grade of 0.4 g/t. Cut-off grades vary by oxidation and lithology domains
             75       Mineral Reserves based on A$1,400/oz
             76       As of February 28, 2014, a further 21,000 oz gold was depleted from Mineral Reserve between February 2014 and June 2014
             77       Estimated at a 3.8 g/t gold cut-off using a gold price of A$1,450/oz
             78       As of December 2015
             79       Open pit Mineral Reserves are calculated at a 0.5 g/t Au cut-off, and underground mineral reserves are quoted at 2.5 g/t cut-off
             80       As of June 30, 2016
             81       Mineral Reserves based on A$1,500/oz Au
             82       Mineral Reserves as of June 2016
             83       Wiluna Mineral Reserves based of A$1500/oz
             84       As of December 31, 2015
             85       Mineral Reserves estimated using 0.23 g/t Au cut-off and ZAR 431,000/kg Au
             86       Mineral Reserves as of December 31, 2015 assuming $1,100/oz gold price
             87       Mineral Reserves cut-off: Sabodala 0.45 g/t for oxide; 0.55 g/t for fresh based; other deposits range from 0.35 g/t to 0.63 g/t Au for oxide and 0.42 g/t to
                     0.73 g/t Au for fresh
             88       Underground Mineral Reserves cut-off grades ranged from 2.3-2.6 g/t based on $1,200/oz gold price
             89       Mineral Reserves assume $1,200/oz Au
             90       Ahafo open pit cut-off grade utilized in 2016 Mineral Reserves not less than 0.018 oz/t
             91       Ahafo underground cut-off grade utilized in 2016 Mineral Reserves not less than 0.090 oz/t
             92       Mineral Reserves are calculated using an assumed gold price of $1,200/oz
             93       Cut-off based on US$1,200/oz and varies according to material type and mining method
             94       Mineral Reserves assume a $1,300/oz gold price
             95       Agi Dagi Mineral Reserves assume $1,250/oz Au and $16.00/oz Ag
             96       Agi Dagi Mineral Reserves cut-off grade is determined as a net of process value of $0.10/t incorporating both the gold and silver grades, recoveries, less
                     process and G&A for each block
             97       Mineral Reserves reported using $1,250/oz Au
             98       Mineral Reserves assume a gold price of $1,200/oz and cut-off grade of 0.8 g/t
             99       Mineral Reserves as of February 1, 2015



                                                                                             19




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                                                  26/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             100       Variable cut-off grades based on recovery of each material type; oxide 0.6 g/t, transition 0.8 g/t, granite-porphyry 0.8 g/t and sediment 1.0 g/t
             101       Commodity prices and exchange rates used to establish the economic viability of reserves are based on long-term forecasts applied at the time the reserve
                     was estimated
             102       Mineral Reserve and Resource estimates were prepared using long-term metal prices of: US$2.97/lb Cu, US$1.03/lb Zn, US$10.70/lb Mo and US$18.72/oz
                     Ag
             103       As of June 30, 2016
             104       Mineral Reserves assume $2.75/lb Cu, $1,000/oz Au and $15/oz Ag. Open pit and underground for the Candelaria property use cut-off grades of 0.20% Cu
                     and 0.64% Cu, respectively
             105       Underground Mineral Reserves for Alcaparrosa and Santos are reported at cut-off grades of 0.66% Cu and 0.73% Cu, respectively
             106       As of June 30, 2015
             107       Mineral Reserves estimated using a $3.00/lb Cu, $1,200/oz Au, $16/oz Ag and $13.50/lb Mo
             108       Footnote intentionally omitted
             109       Mineral Reserves are estimated using $950/oz Au and $18.00/oz Ag
             110       Open Pit cut-off at 3.4 g/t AuEq and underground cut-off at 6.2 g/t AuEq
             111       Mineral Reserves for Fire Creek and Midas assume $1,200/oz Au, $17.00/oz Ag
             112       Fire Creek Mineral Reserves use a cut-off of 0.343 Au opt; Midas Mineral Reserves use a cut-off of 0.305 Au opt
             113       As of December 31, 2014
             114       Mineral Reserves estimated using $3.08/lb Cu, $8.50/lb Ni, $1,700/oz Pt, $800/oz Pd and $1,200/oz Au
             115       Mineral Reserves assume $702.75/oz for Palladium and $1,139.91/oz for Platinum
             116       Mineral Reserves as of December 31, 2016
             117       As of September 30, 2016 based on Lonmin plc disclosure
             118       Mineral Reserves calculated from Lonmin plc 41.00% attributable interest
             119       For determination of pay limits the following commodity prices per ounce was used: Pt - $1,622; Pd - $889; Rh - $2,369; Au - $1,191
             120       As of December 31, 2012
             121       Mineral Reserves reported at a cut-off of 0.35% CuEq for Osborne open pit extension and 1.5% CuEq for Osborne underground and 1.4% CuEq for
                     Kulthor underground where CuEq = Cu(%) + Au(g/t) *0.6
             122       As of July 17, 2012
             123       Mineral Reserves assume $2.50/lb Cu, $15.00/lb Mo and $20/oz Ag
             124       Mineral Reserves assume $2.80/lb Cu and $13.70/lb Mo
             125       As of December 31, 2014
             126       As of December 31, 2014
             127       Mineral Reserves assume $3.60/lb Cu and $1200/oz Au
             128       As of June 30, 2016
             129       Mineral Reserves calculated at variable cut-off grade between 0.35% and 0.40 % Ni and ≥0.18% Ni recoverable
             130       Mineral Reserves assume a cut-off grade of 1.2% Ni
             131       As of December 31, 2014
             132       Mineral Resources estimated using varying cut-off grades, depending on both the type of mine or project, its maturity and ore types at each property
             133       In accordance with certain provisions of the royalty agreement, Franco-Nevada is not able to disclose Mineral Reserves and Resources for Gold Quarry
             134       Mineral Resources are calculated using a gold price of $1,400/oz
             135       Mineral Resources based on an optimized pit shell at a cut-off of 0.065 g/t payable gold
             136       Mineral Resources for Fire Creek and Midas assume $1,400/oz Au, $19.83/oz Ag
             137       Effective date for the Fire Creek and Midas Mineral Resource is June 30, 2016 and May 31, 2016 respectively
             138       Fire Creek's Mineral Resources uses cut-off grade of 0.228 opt; Midas' Mineral Resources uses cut-off grade of 0.196 opt
             139       Mineral Resources are calculated using an assumed gold price of $1,400/oz
             140       Mineral Resources calculated using $1,350/oz Au
             141       Mineral Resources reported at a cut-off of 0.12g/t Au for oxide & transition, and 0.24 g/t Au for sulphide
             142       Open pit sulfide Mineral Resources are reported at a cut-off grade of 0.75 g/t Au and open pit oxide Mineral Resources are reported at a cut-off grade of
                     0.45 g/t Au
             143       As of September 10, 2014
             144       As of December 1, 2015
             145       Mineral Resources are stated at a cut-off grade of 0.20 g/t Au.
             146       Mineral Resources are contained within an optimised pit shell, generated using a price of US$1,100/oz Au.
             147       Underground Mineral Resource as of June 2012 depleted to September 30, 2012; open pit Mineral Resource as of October 2016
             148       Underground Mineral Resources reported based on a 0.15 opt cut-off
             149       Mineral Resources reported at 0.15g/t cut-off in oxides and 0.33 g/t cut-off in mixed zone
             150       Open pit Mineral Resources as of December 31, 2013; underground Mineral Resources as of July 1, 2014
             151       Mineral Resources assumes a 0.22 opt Au cut-off (underground) and a 0.010 opt Au cut-off (open pit)
             152       As of December 31, 2014
             153       Mineral Resources assume US$4.20/lb Cu and US$1700/oz Au
             154       Mineral Resources reported in kilograms; Company's QP converted to ounces
             155       Mineral Resources reported at price of $1,400/oz Au
             156       Mineral Resources converted to 100% basis from Barrick's 60% attributable share
             157       Mineral Resources estimated using varying cut-off grades, depending on both the type of mine or project, its maturity and ore types at each property
             158       Mineral Resources reported as of December 31, 2015 using $1,200/oz Au and US$/C$ exchange rate of C$1.10 and a cut-off of 0.5 g/t Au
             159       Mineral Resource as at December 31, 2014
             160       Mineral Resources estimated using an average long-term gold price of $1,250/oz and a cut-off grade of 2.5 g/t
             161       Mineral Resource as at December 31, 2014
             162       Mineral Resources estimated using an average long-term gold price of $1,250/oz and a cut-off grade of 2.5 g/t
             163       Mineral Resource as at December 31, 2014
             164       Mineral Resources estimated using an average long-term gold price of $1,250/oz and a cut-off grade of 2.5 g/t
             165       Mineral Resources for Taylor as at December 31, 2014 and a cut-off grade of 3.00 g/t for Shoot Zone; 2.50 g/t for WPZ and Shaft Zones
             166       Mineral Resources for Aquarius are as of the 2012-2013 John Reddick Report & SRK Mining Study
             167       Mineral Resources for Clavos Project JV represent 40%, as per the option agreement with Sage Gold calculated as of October 23, 2012 RPA Technical
                     Report
             168       As of December 31, 2014
             169       Mineral Resources estimated using $4.20/lb Cu, $11.00/lb Ni, $1,900/oz Pt, $700/oz Pd and $1,700/oz Au
             170       Mineral Resources are calculated using $1,400 /oz Au
             171       Mineral Resources as of June 30, 2016
             172       Mineral Resources estimated using varying cut-off grades, depending on both the type of mine or project, its maturity and ore types at each property
             173       Kirkland Lake Property Wide Mineral Resources as of December 31, 2014 at cut-off grade of 0.18 opt. Amalgamated Kirkland & Anoki McBean Mineral
                     Resources estimated using $1200/oz Au and 2.5 g/t cut-off
             174       Amalgamated Kirkland assumes $1,200/oz Au at a cut-off grade of 2.5 g/t
             175       Amalgamated Kirkland & Anoki McBean as of December 31, 2016; Amalgamated Kirkland & Anoki McBean Mineral Resource converted to 100% basis
                     from Yamana's 50% attributable share
             176       Mineral Resources for Timmins, Thunder Creek and 144 GAP as of January 1, 2017
             177       Mineral Resources for Timmins, Thunder Creek and 144 GAP are reported using a gold cut-off grade of 1.5 g/t
             178       Mineral Resources at Gold River are based on a long-term gold price of $1,200/oz and a cut-off grade of 2.0 g/t as at March 18, 2014
             179       Mineral Reserves and Mineral Resources converted to 100% basis from Yamana's 50% interest
             180       Mineral Resources assume $1200/oz Au, cut-off ranges from 0.33 g/t inside pits to 1.0 g/t outside open pit



                                                                                            20




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                                                27/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             181      Valley of the Kings as of July 2016; West Zone as of December 2013
             182      Mineral Resources estimated at a 5.0 g/t AuEq cut-off. AuEq = Au + Ag/53
             183      Mineral Resources as of August 11, 2016
             184      Hard Rock Mineral Resources estimated at $1,625/oz Au
             185      As of January 6, 2016
             186      Assumes a cut-off grade of 4.0 g/t based on $1,125/oz Au
             187      As of September 5, 2012 for the FAT deposit and March 11, 2014 for the Walsh Lake deposit
             188      Mineral Resources at FAT deposit assume a cut-off of 0.83 g/t Au and at Walsh Lake deposit assume a cut-off grade of 0.60 g/t Au
             189      As of September 12, 2016
             190      Mineral Resources estimated at a cut-off grade of 0.15 g/t using US$1,700/oz
             191      As of October 6, 2011
             192      Mineral Resources assume a cut-off grade of 0.50 g/t
             193      Mineral Resources as of January 23, 2017
             194      Mineral Resources assume a 3.0 g/t Au cut-off
             195      Assumes $1,200 Au, 0.4 and 0.7 g/t cut-off for open pit cut-off and 4.0 g/t Au cut-off for underground
             196      Mineral Resources reported at 0.15% Cu cut-off
             197      As of June 30, 2016
             198      Open pit Mineral Resources are reported within a conceptual pit shell based on metal prices of $3.16/lb Cu and $1,000/oz Au and are reported at a 0.2% Cu
                     cut-off
             199      Underground Mineral Resources are reported at a cut-off grade of 0.6% Cu
             200      Assumed metal prices for Mineral Resources were $19.00/oz Ag and $1,275/oz Au
             201      As of June 2015
             202      Mineral Resource uses a cut-off grade of 0.15% Cu
             203      Footnote intentionally omitted
             204      1.0 g/t AuEq cut-off
             205      Metal prices used were $12.50/oz Ag and $650/oz Au
             206      As of July 30, 2012
             207      Mineral Resources assumes a cut-off of 0.33 g/t
             208      As of March 1, 2012
             209      Mineral Resources assume $1.50/lb Cu and a 0.30% Cu cut-off
             210      As of October 30, 2012
             211      Assumes a 0.3% CuEq cut-off for sulphides; 0.2 g/t Au cut-off for oxides
             212      CuEq calculated using $2.00/lb Cu, $800/oz Au and $12.00/lb Mo
             213      As of October 2008
             214      Mineral Resources assume 0.5 g/t Au cut-off on the Ojo de Agua deposit only
             215      As of March 31, 2016
             216      Mineral Resources are reported inclusive of ROM stockpiles at cut-off grade of 0.4 g/t
             217      Mineral Resources based on A$2,000/oz
             218      As of February 28, 2014
             219      Estimated at a 2.0 g/t Au cut-off using a gold price of A$1,450
             220      As of April 19, 2016
             221      Mineral Resources assume a cut-off of 0.5 g/t Au for potential open pit and 3.0 g/t Au for underground
             222      Corboys as of August 23, 2016, Woornara, Cockburn and Mt Joel 4800N as of September 1, 2016
             223      Corboys Mineral Resources reported at a 1.0 g/t cut-off, Cockburn Mineral Resources are reported at a 0.9 g/t cut-off, Woornara and Mount Joel Mineral
                     Resources are reported at a 0.5 g/t cut-off
             224      Mineral Resources reported at an 0.5 g/t Au cut-off
             225      As of December 2015
             226      Assumes a 0.4 g/t Au cut-off for open pit, 3.0 g/t Au cut-off for underground using A$1,800/oz Au
             227      As of June 30, 2015
             228      Mineral Resources assumes a 0.5 g/t Au cut-off grade
             229      As of June 30, 2016
             230      Red October Mineral Resources assume a cut-off of 2.0 g/t Au, whereas Saracen reports the natural grade distribution above background for Thin Lizzy,
                     Crimson Belle and Butcherwell deposits was at a grade of 0.8 g/t
             231      As of June 30, 2016
             232      Cut-off grades have been selected based on the style of mineralisation, depth from surface and the most probable extraction techniques
             233      Mineral Resources as of December 1, 2016
             234      Open pit Mineral Resource reported at 0.5g/t cut-off in oxide and 1.0 g/t cut-off in transitional & fresh in an A$1800/oz shell, while the underground
                     Mineral Resources was reported at 2g/t cut-off in fresh rock outside the shell
             235      A global reporting cut-off of 3.0 g/t was applied to the Golden Age underground resource
             236      As of December 31, 2015
             237      Mineral Resources as of December 31, 2015 estimated using a gold price of US$1,450/oz
             238      Open pit: oxide Mineral Resources use a cut-off grade of 0.35 g/t Au (Gora at 0.48 g/t Au); transition and fresh rock Mineral Resources use a cut-off grade
                     of 0.40 g/t Au (Gora at 0.55 g/t Au)
             239      Underground Mineral Resources cut-off grade of 2.00 g/t Au.
             240      Mineral Resources assume a gold price of $1,400/oz Au
             241      Mineral Resources are calculated using an assumed gold price of $1,400/oz
             242      As of December, 2016
             243      Mineral Resources reported at various cut-off grades; 0 g/t for heap leach; 0.4 - 0.7 g/t for other Mineral Resources
             244      Tailings Dump 4 Mineral Resources based on 0.1 g/t cut-off
             245      Mineral Resources estimates were based on a gold price of $1,557/oz
             246      Cut-off grades are defined by material type and vary from 0.20 - 0.5 g/t
             247      Agi Dagi Mineral Resources are contained within pits optimized at $1,400/oz Au, $22/oz Ag and 0.2 g/t Au cut-off grade
             248      Camyurt Mineral Resources are contained within pits optimized at $1,400/oz Au, $22/oz Ag and 0.2 g/t Au cut-off grade
             249      Mineral Resources reported inside an optimised pit shell above 0.5 g/t cut-off. Pit optimisation assumes $1,500/oz Au
             250      Mineral Resources assumes a cut-off grade of 0.5 g/t
             251      Mineral Resources as of June 30, 2016
             252      0.6 g/t Au cut-off applied for Sissingue Mineral Resource
             253      Mineral Resources reported at 0.15% Cu cut off
             254      Mineral Reserve and Resource estimates were prepared using long-term metal prices of: US$2.97/lb Cu, US$1.03/lb Zn, US$10.70/lb Mo and US$18.72/oz
                     Ag
             255      As of June 30, 2016
             256      Open pit Mineral Resources are reported within a conceptual pit shell based on metal prices of $3.16/lb Cu and $1,000/oz Au and are reported at a 0.2% Cu
                     cut-off
             257      Underground Mineral Resources are reported at a cut-off grade of 0.6% Cu
             258      As of June 2015
             259      Mineral Resources use a cut-off grade of 0.15% Cu
             260      Footnote intentionally omitted
             261      1.0 g/t AuEq cut-off
             262      Mineral Resources for Fire Creek and Midas assume $1,400/oz Au, $19.83/oz Ag



                                                                                            21




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                                                 28/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             263      Fire Creek's Mineral Resources use a cut-off grade of 0.228 opt, Midas' mineral resources use a cut-off grade of 0.196 opt
             264      Effective date for the Fire Creek and Midas Mineral Resource is June 30, 2016 and May 31, 2016, respectively
             265      As of December 31, 2014
             266      Mineral Resources estimated using $4.20/lb Cu, $11.00/lb Ni, $1,900/oz Pt, $700/oz Pd and $1,700/oz Au
             267      Company reports "mineralized material" estimates which correspond to "Inferred Mineral Resource" in Canadian definitions for Mineral Resources and
                     Mineral Reserves
             268      As of September 30, 2016 based on Lonmin plc disclosure
             269      Mineral Resources calculated from Lonmin plc 41.00% attributable interest
             270      As of December 31, 2012
             271      Mineral Resources reported at a cut-off of 0.5% CuEq for Osborne open pit and 1.2% CuEq for Osborne and Kulthor underground where CuEq = Cu(%) +
                     Au(g/t) *0.6
             272      As of July 17, 2012
             273      Mineral Resources cut-off: Oxides 0.10% CuEq; Sulfide 0.15% CuEq; and mixed 0.3% CuEq (CuEq based on $2.50/lb Cu, $15/lb Mo & $20/oz Ag)
             274      As of December 31, 2014
             275      As of October 30, 2012
             276      Assumes a 0.3% CuEq cut-off for sulphides; 0.2 g/t Au cut-off for oxides
             277      CuEq calculated using $2.00/lb Cu, $800/oz Au, $12.00/lb Mo
             278      As of December 31, 2014
             279      Mineral Resources assume $4.20/lb Cu, $1700/oz Au
             280      As of December 13, 2013
             281      Mineral Resources estimated using a cut-off of 0.3% CuEq where CuEq (%) = CuT (%) + 4.95 x Mo (%) where 4.95 represents the Mo/Cu price ratio
             282      As of June 30, 2016
             283      Mineral Resources calculated at variable a cut-off grade between 0.35% and 0.40 % Ni
             284      Mineral Resources assume a cut-off grade of 1.2% Ni
             285      As of December 31, 2014




                                                                                        22




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                                        29/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      ANTAPACCAY MINING AND TECHNICAL INFORMATION
             Property Description, Location and Access
             The Antapaccay project is owned and operated by CM Antapaccay, a Peruvian company that is an indirect wholly-
             owned subsidiary of Glencore. Glencore indirectly acquired CM Antapaccay in May 2013 as a result of its
             acquisition of Xstrata.
             The Antapaccay project is located in southern Peru in the Cusco Region, Espinar District and Province,
             approximately 250 kilometres from the cities of Cusco and Arequipa. The project is accessed by paved and dirt
             roads (approximately 5 hours by road from Cusco and Arequipa) and is between 3,800 and 4,000 metres above sea
             level. Mine personnel live at the mine’s facilities while at work and commute from both local communities and
             larger population centres.
             The Antapaccay mine is located 9.4 kilometres southwest of CM Antapaccay’s past-producing Tintaya mine, and the
             Antapaccay concentrator is located 4.5 kilometres south of the Tintaya concentrator.
             The CM Antapaccay property consists of numerous mining concessions and mining claims covering an area of
             99,766 hectares, which includes the former Tintaya mine, current Antapaccay mine and Coroccohuayco project (as
             described below). These concessions and claims can be held indefinitely, contingent on the payment of the annual
             license fees and provision of certain production and investment information. The Antapaccay project itself covers
             13 mining concessions with a total effective area of 7,944 hectares. These mining concessions constitute all of the
             mineral rights that are required to permit exploitation of the deposit for which Mineral Reserves are stated.
             The CM Antapaccay property also includes the Coroccohuayco project, a satellite deposit that is located within 10
             kilometres of the Antapaccay plant. At this stage, exploration, drilling and engineering studies at Coroccohuayco
             have focused on defining Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves and no mining activities are being undertaken.
             As of February 10, 2016 CM Antapaccay held surface rights over approximately 10,321 hectares of the total
             concession area. Surface rights have been acquired for all current operating needs in respect of the Antapaccay
             project. Additional surface rights would be necessary for the development of certain Mineral Reserves and Mineral
             Resources.
             CM Antapaccay is operating under a tax stability agreement with the government of Peru, pursuant to which it pays
             a royalty of 1% of net income up to $60 million, 2% of net income between $60 million and $120 million, and 3%
             of net income in excess of $120 million. CM Antapaccay is also subject to the Special Mining Contribution which
             applies to its operating income based on a progressive sliding scale ranging from 4% to 13%.
             History
             Mining activities at the Tintaya mine began in 1984 by the state-owned mining company, Empresa Minera Especial
             Tintaya SA (“Empresa”). The Tintaya mine produced over 1.6 million tonnes of copper and 500,000 ounces of gold
             until operations ceased in 2012.
             Initial exploration activities outside of the Tintaya mine area focussed on the Antapaccay concessions as well as the
             concessions comprising the Coroccohuayco project. The existence of copper-bearing mineralization in the area of
             the Antapaccay project was known, with a history of artisanal mining close to the surface at the old Atalaya mine in
             the same area.
             In October 1994, Magma Copper Company (“Magma”) purchased Empresa, and in 1995 geologists from Magma
             revised the then existing information on Atalaya (geology and geophysics) and completed mapping of the site, and
             estimated the potential for 68 million tonnes of skarn-type mineralization grading 1.50% copper.
             In July 1998, Broken Hill Proprietary Company Limited (“BHP”) acquired Atalaya, following which exploration
             commenced. Two copper-gold porphyry-type orebodies were discovered in addition to the skarn-type
             mineralization, and, in February 2000, Mineral Resources of 285 million tonnes grading 0.95% copper and 0.19
             grams per tonne gold were reported.
             The Antapaccay project was managed by BHP Billiton (formed by the merger of BHP with Billiton plc) until 2006,
             when Xstrata acquired properties in Peru, including the Tintaya mine and plant that were operating at the time and
             the Antapaccay project. Following the acquisition, further project and infill drilling work was completed on
             Antapaccay, and construction of the mine and related infrastructure started in 2010. Mining operations commenced
             in 2012 with first concentrate production in November 2012 and initial design capacity of 70,000 tonnes per day
             reached in February 2013.
             Geological Setting, Mineralization and Deposit Type
             Antapaccay
             The Antapaccay project contains a porphyry-skarn type (copper-silver-gold) deposit located in the Eocene-
             Oligocene Andahuaylas-Yauri strip, 9.4 kilometres southwest in a straight line from the Tintaya mine, in the area of
             the old Atalaya mine. The Eocene-Oligocene Andahuaylas-Yauri strip is located 250 to 300 kilometres west of the
             current Peru-Chile Trench, above a thick cap of sialic crust (50 to 60 kilometres), in a transitory zone between the
             flat subduction slab of central Peru and the normal subduction of southern Peru and northern Chile and immediately
             to the southeast of the Abancay deflection. It consists


                                                                      23


file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                  30/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   31/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             geologically of a thick cretaceous sedimentary sequence folded during the Andean deformations and widely intruded
             by stocks, sills and dykes of Andahuaylas-Yauri batholith, covered by Cenozoic lacustrine and volcanic deposits and
             quaternary deposits.
             The copper mineralization at Antapaccay is mainly contained in intermediate intrusive rocks with dissemination,
             veinlets, hydrothermal breccias which are in contact with pre-mineral rocks such as diorites and sedimentary rocks
             (limestones, calcareous shales, siltstones and sandstones), forming contact mineralized breccias, exoskarn and
             stockwork in sedimentary bodies with a clear predominance of chalcopyrite over bornite up to 350 metres; the roles
             reverse at a greater depth and are associated with a level of anhydrite-gypsum.
             The dominant mineralization within the porphyry is chalcopyrite, followed by bornite and
             chalcocite. Mineralization consists of both disseminations and veinlets, with the highest grades of gold
             corresponding to intense bornite rich stockwork zones. The dominant alteration type within the porphyry is a
             potassic alteration of the host diorite. The porphyry is also in contact with cretaceous sedimentary rocks, which have
             formed irregular skarn (limestones) and stockwork (hornfels and quartzites) containing high copper values, but
             represent a minor component of all the resources.
             The conditions for the occurrence of a metasomatic process exist in contact with limestones, generating irregular
             garnet-magnetite +/-pyroxene exoskarn, mainly with chalcopyrite patches. Extensive areas of intense grey quartz
             veinlet stockwork with a high bornite and chalcopyrite content were identified always near the hornfels-intrusive
             rock contact, expanding into the hornfels for several metres.
             Coroccohuayco
             The main copper bearing minerals at Coroccohuayco are bornite, chalcopyrite and chalcocite, with the host rock
             consisting of Cretaceous sedimentary rocks of the Ferrobamba and Mara formation intruded by monzonitic plutons
             of the Eocene—Oligocene Andahuaylas—Yauri batholiths. The Coroccohuayco deposit is dominantly a skarn-
             hosted deposit, whereas the Antapaccay deposit is dominantly porphyry-hosted.
             Exploration
             General geological techniques utilized at the Antapaccay project include geological mapping, soil geochemistry,
             geophysical studies (magnetic and induced polarization), cartography, diamond drilling, sampling and
             interpretation. In addition, up-to-date aerial photographs of the project have been collected to generate digital
             topographical reliefs to 5 metres. Exploration work undertaken to date indicates the potential for additional copper
             discoveries within the CM Antapaccay property area.
             Drilling
             Antapaccay
             The deposit geology model and mineral resource estimates were updated in 2015 using a drill hole database that
             now includes over 248,060m of total drilling data from over 638 holes, with more than 221,811 metres completed
             since 1998, with an average depth of 330 metres. The average distance between holes is 64 metres, with
             approximately 96.5% of the total drill holes being diamond drill holes, approximately 2.8% being reverse air
             circulation drilling and approximately 0.7% being combined drill holes.
             Since June 2007 diamond drilling programs have been carried out by Xstrata/Glencore in order to increase the
             quantity of Mineral Resources at the Antapaccay project and define the mineralized intrusive bodies present at the
             South pit, both horizontally and at depth. More recently, in 2014, infill-exploration drilling was carried out to
             improve the geological confidence in the Mineral Resource, with several exploratory drill holes intercepting skarn
             bodies in the southeastern area of the South pit. The 2014 drilling (approximately 4,900 metres) was aimed at
             defining the lithological contacts between the dacitic dike and the mineralized porphyry (delineation of the barren
             dike) and to refine the limit between the mineralized porphyry and barren porphyry. In 2015, approximately 5,900
             metres of diamond drilling was completed at the Antapaccay project in order to define the lithology of the resource
             at depth. Between January and September 2016 geological and geotechnical infill drilling totalling 14,433.75 meters
             was completed.
             Coroccohuayco
             The most recent drilling at Coroccohuayco was completed in 2014, with a total of approximately 27,000 metres of
             diamond drilling. The results of the drilling have been incorporated into the geological interpretation and resource
             estimate for the Coroccohuayco deposit.
             Sampling, Analysis and Data Verification
             Samples of diamond drill hole cores were collected in carton boxes in the drilling area and the logging area to record
             geological, geo-mechanical and geotechnical data and to be photographed. Sampling intervals of 2, 2.5 and 3 metres
             were predominantly used, and 2-metre intervals were standard for mineralized rocks. Samples were sent to the
             Tintaya sampling area for preparation in accordance with standard protocols. The remaining materials, being half
             core samples and coarse and fine pulps, were stored in the enclosed areas located at the Tintaya camp.


                                                                      24




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                   32/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             Drill core sampling methodology for Antapaccay drilling campaigns followed a standardized procedure for copper.
             The drill core was split in half, respecting the distribution of the mineralization indicated by the logging geologist,
             and the sample was then reduced by up to 90% of its size with progressively smaller meshes (down to 2 millimetre
             sieve size). The sample was then reduced with a Jones Riffle quarterer, obtaining 2 kilograms of sample, which was
             bagged to be kept in the respective file. The rest of the sample was quartered to obtain four 0.5 kilogram samples,
             which were then dried and pulverized up to 95% of their size with a #140 mesh (0.106 millimetre sieve size). The
             pulverized samples were put in jars and placed in a homogenizer for 5 minutes and then placed in envelopes, with
             one envelope sent to the laboratory and the remaining 3 envelopes stored for future requirements. A duplicate was
             taken every 20 intervals of samples with copper grading more than 0.30%. Upon obtaining 30 samples, the samples
             were re-encoded and sent to the same laboratory. Standard samples were placed at intervals indicated by CM
             Antapaccay geologists.
             For all drilling programs run by CM Antapaccay, sample preparation, assaying, analytical and quality control
             procedures have followed acceptable industry standard practices. Current quality control of the chemical analysis
             procedures include, standard sample preparation of low, middle and high grade material from the deposit, fine white
             sample preparation, protocols for blast holes, drill holes, specific gravity for diamond drill programs, and a general
             quality assurance and quality control (“QA/QC”) program, based on the latest developments in the industry.
             Mineral Processing and Metallurgical Testing
             Extensive metallurgical test work and studies have been completed on Antapaccay ore, both prior to the construction
             of the Antapaccay plant and since commissioning in 2012. The work was completed by a number of reputable
             engineering and metallurgical laboratories.
             Mineral Resource and Mineral Reserve Estimates
             The Mineral Resources for the Antapaccay project were estimated from core drilling information and were evaluated
             using standard geological and geostatistical block modelling methodologies. The primary estimation methodology
             was Ordinary Kriging. The Mineral Reserve estimate is based on a mine plan and open pit designs developed using
             modifying parameters including metal prices, metal recovery, operating costs and sustaining capital cost estimates
             based on the production schedule and equipment requirements.
             The Mineral Reserves and Mineral Resources for the Antapaccay and Coroccohuayco deposits, in each case as of
             December 31, 2016, are as follows.
                           Antapaccay Mineral Resources (inclusive of Mineral Reserves) as at December 31, 2016
                                                                                                                 Grade
               Classification                                                  Quantity (Mt)     Cu (%)     Au (g/t) Ag (g/t)   Mo (%)
               Measured                                                            206            0.57       0.13     1.45       0.005
               Indicated                                                           452            0.43       0.08     1.17       0.005
               Measured & Indicated                                                658            0.47       0.10     1.26       0.005
               Inferred                                                            156            0.40       0.10     0.80       0.005
                                          Antapaccay Mineral Reserves as at December 31, 2016
                                                                                             Grade
                                                                         Quantity      Cu        Au        Ag
               Classification                                             (Mt)        (%)       (g/t)     (g/t)
               Proven                                                      207        0.56      0.12      1.44
               Probable                                                    324        0.43      0.08      1.19
               Total                                                       531        0.48      0.10      1.29

               Coroccohuayco Mineral Resources (inclusive of Coroccohuayco Mineral Reserves) as at December 31, 2016
                                                                                                                  Grade
               Classification                                                           Quantity (Mt)       Cu (%) Au (g/t)     Ag (g/t)
               Measured                                                                      33              0.85     0.09       3.13
               Indicated                                                                    256              0.91     0.10       2.68
               Measured & Indicated                                                         289              0.90     0.10       2.73
               Inferred                                                                      56              1.08     0.10       3.51



                                                                       25




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                        33/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                          Coroccohuayco Open Pit Mineral Reserves as at December 31, 2016
                                                                                                             Grade
               Classification                                                    Quantity (Mt)         Cu (%) Au (g/t)          Ag (g/t)
               Proven                                                                22                 0.75     0.08            2.75
               Probable                                                              41                 0.56     0.06            1.57
               Total                                                                 63                 0.63     0.07            1.98
                                       Coroccohuayco Underground Mineral Reserves as at December 31, 2016
                                                                                                                    Grade
                                                                                            Quantity          Cu        Au          Ag
               Classification                                                                (Mt)            (%)       (g/t)       (g/t)
               Proven                                                                          9             0.82      0.09        3.02
               Probable                                                                       112            1.25      0.12        3.93
               Total                                                                          121            1.22      0.12        3.86
             Notes:
             (1) Source: Glencore Statement of Resources & Reserves as at December 31, 2016. Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves are estimated in accordance with the
                 2012 Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (JORC Code).
             (2)      Columns and rows may not add up due to rounding.
             (3) Mineral Resources that are not Mineral Reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability.
             (4) Commodity prices and exchange rates used to establish the economic viability of Mineral Reserves are based on long term forecasts applied at the time the
                 Mineral Reserve was estimated.
             (5) Mineral Resources for Antapaccay are stated at a defined internal copper cut-off, which is maintained at 0.15% TCu.

             The Lerchs-Grossman pit optimization method was used to determine the economic pit shell for Measured,
             Indicated and Inferred Mineral Resources. This method was selected over the floating cone since it provides for
             improved optimization for discontinuous orebodies in which a mineral area may share some waste material
             extraction expenses. This situation exists at Antapaccay with the monzonitic porphyry that has a prophylitical
             alteration and the waste rock area between the North and South pits, separating part of the orebody.
             The calculated profit values per block were directly used in the Lerchs-Grossman process for the required economic
             data. The inter-ramp slope angles recommended by engineering consultants and metallurgical recovery were used to
             control the walls during the optimization process. The Lerchs-Grossman algorithm finds the most profitable pit
             surface based on the three-dimensional graph theory, block-by-block economic values and pit slope data.
             The resulting life of mine plan and Mineral Reserve estimates consider only Measured and Indicated Mineral
             Resources, with all Inferred Mineral Resources within the design pit being treated as waste.
             The underground Mineral Reserve estimate is based on mine plans and designs using modifying parameters
             including mining recovery and dilution applied to Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources.
             Mining Operations
             The Antapaccay mine is an open pit mine (consisting of a North pit and a South pit) with truck and shovel operations
             that provide a total annual material handling capacity of approximately 140 million tonnes of material. Major
             equipment includes a fleet of owner-operated 400 short ton class trucks, 48 cubic metre and 35 cubic metre rope
             shovels, dozers and loaders, as well as support equipment. Ore is mined and sent to the primary crusher located at
             the mine and the crushed ore is subsequently transported to the coarse ore stockpile by an overland conveyor of
             approximately 6.8 kilometres. The feeders at the coarse ore stockpile convey the crushed ore to the Antapaccay plant
             for processing. A portion of the material from the coarse ore stockpile is transported to the Tintaya plant using
             mining trucks.
             The Antapaccay metallurgical plant consists of a semi-autogenous grinding mill and two ball mills to prepare feed
             for a conventional flotation circuit to recover the copper, gold and silver contained in the feed ore into a copper
             concentrate. The Tintaya metallurgical plant consists of multi-stage crushing followed by ball-milling to prepare
             feed for a conventional flotation circuit to recover the copper, gold and silver contained in the feed ore into a copper
             concentrate. The nominal throughput of the Antapaccay and Tintaya plants are currently approximately 85,000 and
             20,000 tonnes per day, respectively. The copper concentrate produced from both processing plants is thickened and
             filtered on site prior to being trucked approximately 355 kilometres to port facilities at the Port of Matarani, operated
             by TISUR, for shipment to smelters. The road from Tintaya to the port has been expanded to accommodate the
             shipment of concentrates originating from the Antapaccay project.
             Flotation tailings are thickened and delivered to the Tintaya open pit for disposal. The fully-permitted tailings dam
             storage capacity is sufficient for the current Antapaccay life of mine plan and options to increase height for extended
             capacity are being studied.


                                                                                         26




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                                          34/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             Historical production (metal in concentrates) for Antapaccay is shown in the table below.
                                                                        Metal Produced in Concentrates
                                                                        Cu           Au           Ag
                                                                        (kt)        (koz)        (koz)
             2013                                                       139          79           946
             2014                                                       167          69         1,048
             2015                                                       202          122        1,315
             2016                                                       220          115        1,536
             The current life of mine plan contemplates that the Antapaccay mine will operate for 13 years ending in 2029, with
             ore processed through the Tintaya and Antapaccay plants. There is the potential to extend the mine life beyond 2029
             through additional exploration on the CM Antapaccay property and the development of the Coroccohuayco deposit.
             The material produced from the Antapaccay project is marketable in the main international concentrate markets
             based on its specifications. Payments made to CM Antapaccay are based on the copper, gold and silver contained in
             concentrates typical for the international concentrate markets.
             Infrastructure, Permitting and Compliance Activities
             Power for the Antapaccay project is supplied from the Peru national energy grid through an electrical substation
             constructed at Tintaya. Water consumption is primarily sourced from recycled water from the tailings facility, and
             the balance of the project’s water requirements are sourced from the Salado River. The Antapaccay project currently
             has water rights which are sufficient for its requirements and is a zero discharge site.
             CM Antapaccay holds all of the permits that are material to the Antapaccay operations, and a closure plan complying
             with Peruvian law has been approved by the relevant authorities. Included in the closure plan are details for facility
             dismantling, demolition, post-closure stability and long term maintenance, including socio-economic support,
             reclamation, schedules and financial provisions.
             Capital and Operating Costs
             The main capital expenditure for 2017 is for the construction of an ore conveyor between the coarse ore stockpile
             and the Tintaya plant, which is currently being evaluated to begin operations in 2018 and sustaining capital.
             The Antapaccay project is a low cost copper project. Fluctuations in the cash operating costs are largely driven by
             the changes in the copper head grade in the open pit over the life of mine.
             Exploration and Development
             Ongoing drilling campaigns are planned to further define the lithology of the resource at depth and for exploratory
             drilling. Beyond the estimated Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves of Antapaccay and Coroccohuayco, there
             are a number of regional targets and prospects for exploration across the 99,766 hectares of concessions held by CM
             Antapaccay.


                                                                      27




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                   35/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                    ANTAMINA MINING AND TECHNICAL INFORMATION
             Description and Location
             The Antamina project is owned and operated by CM Antamina, a Peruvian Sociedad Anonima indirectly owned by
             BHP Billiton plc (33.75%), Glencore (33.75%), Teck (22.5%) and Mitsubishi Corporation (10%).
             The Antamina property consists of numerous mining concessions and mining claims (including surface rights)
             covering an area of approximately 79,000 hectares. These rights, concessions and claims can be held indefinitely,
             contingent upon the payment of annual license fees and provision of certain production and investment information.
             All of the mining concessions are located in the San Marcos District, Province of Huari, Ancash Department, Peru,
             and constitute all of the mineral rights that are required to permit exploitation of the deposit for which Mineral
             Reserves and Mineral Resources are stated. CM Antamina has sufficient surface rights for mining, tailings disposal,
             waste disposal, processing and required infrastructure, based on the current life-of-mine plan.
             CM Antamina also owns a port facility located at Huarmey and an electrical substation located at Huallanca. CM
             Antamina holds title to all easements and rights of way for the 302 kilometre concentrate pipeline from the mine to
             CM Antamina’s port at Huarmey.
             In Peru, the mining tax regime includes the Special Mining Tax and the Modified Mining Royalty which apply to
             CM Antamina’s operating margin based on a progressive sliding scale ranging from 3% to 20.4%. CM Antamina is
             also subject to Peruvian income tax.
             In addition to Franco-Nevada’s stream, Teck’s interest is subject to a net profits royalty of 1.667% payable in respect
             of all of CM Antamina’s free cash flow. In addition, certain of Antamina’s unexploited concessions are subject to a
             contractual 2.5% NSR royalty. The concessions are otherwise free of any contractual royalties or back-in rights.
             A closure plan complying with Peruvian law is currently on file with the Ministry of Energy and Mines. Included in
             the closure plan are details for facility dismantling, demolition, post-closure stability and long term maintenance
             (water management/treatment systems, socio-economic support, land use/reclamation, schedules and financial
             provisions). Engineering and designs are required to be provided to a feasibility level and must be updated every five
             years or within 12 months of any environmental impact assessment or modification thereto.
             Accessibility, Climate, Local Resource, Infrastructure and Physiography
             The Antamina deposit is located at an average elevation of 4,200 metres, 385 kilometres by road and 270 kilometres
             by air north of Lima, Peru. Antamina lies on the eastern side of the Western Cordillera in the upper part of the Rio
             Marañon basin. Mine personnel live in a camp facility while at work and commute from both local communities and
             larger population centres, including Lima.
             The mine is accessible via an all-weather chip sealed access road maintained by CM Antamina. The mine road
             connects at the Peruvian National Highway 14 at Conococha Lake. The closest town to the mine site is San Marcos,
             38 kilometres by dirt road. Huaraz is the closest city to the mine site, 200 kilometres by paved road or 156
             kilometres by partial dirt road.
             Power for the mine is taken from the Peru national energy grid through an electrical substation constructed at
             Huallanca. Fresh water requirements are sourced from a dam-created reservoir upstream from the tailings
             impoundment facility. The tailings impoundment facility is located next to the mill. Water reclaimed from the
             tailings impoundment is used as process water in the mill operation. The operation is subject to water and air permits
             issued by the Government of Peru. The operation holds all of the permits that are material to its current operations.
             The topography in the area of the Antamina property is characterized by steep, sharp limestone ridges and peaks,
             generally at 4,500 to 4,800 metres altitude, but up to a maximum of 5,073 metres. There are short glacial valleys
             with lakes and deep, steep-sided river canyons and valleys. The ambient air temperatures at the Antamina property
             range from an hourly maximum of 15.3°C to an hourly minimum of -0.1°C and the rainfall averages 1,870
             millimetres per year. These conditions are appropriate to conduct mining operations throughout the year. Occasional
             interruptions in mining activities may occur due to strong lightning storms.
             History
             The Antamina valley has seen limited mineral production by indigenous peoples for centuries. The Cerro de Pasco
             Corporation (“Cerro”) was the first company to carry out exploratory work of any magnitude on the Antamina
             project, beginning in 1952. Cerro defined over one million tonnes averaging better than 3.0% copper and a lower
             grade reserve of 10 million tonnes. In 1970, all of the mining assets owned by Cerro were transferred to the
             Government of Peru. Following expropriation, Minero Perú, the Peruvian mining administration agency, formed the
             Empresa Minera Especial (“EME”) in partnership with Geomin, the Romanian mining agency. EME carried out a
             work program on the property culminating in a series of feasibility studies based on the proven and probable
             reserves determined from drilling and underground sampling. The basic mining plan involved an initial open pit
             producing 10,000 tonnes per day of ore for seven years then 20,000 tonnes per day for 13 years.


                                                                       28




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                    36/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             EME updated the initial study in 1978, 1979 and 1982. EME was disbanded in the 1981-1982 period due to its
             failure to finance the project.
             In 1996, Rio Algom Limited and Inmet Mining Corporation acquired the Antamina project and shortly afterward
             formed CM Antamina to hold their interest in the project. In 1998, Inmet Mining Corporation sold its interest in CM
             Antamina, and CM Antamina was restructured under the ownership of Rio Algom Limited (37.5%), Noranda Inc.
             (37.5%) and Teck Corporation (25%). In 1999, the ownership was further modified as each of the three partners sold
             10% of their interest to Mitsubishi Corporation, resulting in the ownership of Rio Algom Limited (33.75%),
             Noranda Inc. (33.75%), Teck Corporation (22.5%) and Mitsubishi Corporation (10%). As a result of various
             corporate transactions involving its parent owners, the current ownership of CM Antamina is BHP Billiton plc
             (33.75%), Glencore (33.75%), Teck (22.5%) and Mitsubishi Corporation (10%).
             Geological Setting, Mineralization and Deposit Type
             The Antamina deposit sits at the bottom of a glacial valley surrounded by limestone ridges. It is hosted in a sequence
             of limestones and sediments, which were strongly deformed by thrusting and folding, then later intruded by
             intermediate to felsic stocks.
             The Antamina polymetallic deposit is skarn-hosted. It is unusual in its persistent mineralization and predictable
             zonation, and has a SW-NE strike length of more than 2,500 metres and a width of up to 1,000 metres. The skarn is
             well-zoned symmetrically on either side of the central intrusion with the zoning used as the basis for four major
             subdivisions, being a brown garnet skarn, green garnet skarn, wollastonite/diopside/green garnet skarn and a
             marbleized limestone with veins or mantos of wollastonite. Other types of skarn, including the massive sulphides,
             massive magnetite, and chlorite skarn, represent the remainder of the skarn and are randomly distributed throughout
             the deposit. The variability of ore types can result in significant changes in the relative proportions of copper and
             zinc produced in any given year.
             Copper occurs mainly as chalcopyrite except for two areas of bornite, representing approximately five percent of the
             deposit. Zinc generally occurs as sphalerite. Other significant sulphides include molybdenite and pyrite, while trace
             amounts of silver and bismuth bearing minerals and local areas of galena are found.
             Metal zonation is quite distinctive within the deposit. Copper occurs relatively evenly distributed from endoskarn to
             the limestone contact. Zinc and bismuth tend to occur within 70 metres of the contact of green garnet skarn with
             limestone/marble/hornfels. Molybdenite is generally located within the intrusive core and the surrounding
             endoskarn. Silver is present in any of the skarn lithologies. Lead is generally located in green garnet exoskarn,
             diopside exoskarn and hornfels. However veins and blebs of tennantite and other minerals can be found as rare
             occurrences in any rock type at Antamina.
             Exploration
             Commencing in 1996, CM Antamina performed an extensive exploration and development program to define the
             deposit. A resource model was built in 1997 to provide input to the feasibility study. The Antamina deposit had been
             drilled and underground sampled to the level that a resource and reserve model was constructed and a feasibility
             study undertaken in 1998. Work performed on the property up to 1999 includes metallurgical testing, check assaying
             of previous drill hole and underground tunnel pulps, geologic mapping, geotechnical core logging and mapping, 135
             kilometres of core drilling, 6 kilometres underground tunnels and 225 metres of drifting for bulk sampling. As well,
             during the development and feasibility work, over 400 tonnes of metallurgical samples, representing all parts of the
             deposit, were taken and shipped to labs for various bench scale flotation and milling tests as well as pilot plant tests.
             Project construction was commenced in 1999 with initial production realized in June 2001. Since production,
             additional exploration studies have associated satellite areas of the property with the main intrusive and Antamina
             skarn through geochronology, isotopic and alteration patterns. In addition, a series of potential areas for grass-roots
             exploration have been identified based on stratigraphic, structural and morphological patterns.
             Drilling
             The Antamina data set contains core drill data, reverse circulation drill data, and data from underground drifts. EME
             drilled 174 core holes for 19,885 metres and extended the underground drifts driven by Cerro to a total of 6,000
             metres. In addition the entire 6,000 metres of underground drifts were channeled sampled. Between 1996 and 2008,
             CM Antamina drilled an additional 1,905 core holes for 580,060 metres. The drill hole and underground data has
             been entered into acQuire database software for validation and storage. The Antamina resource model is updated on
             an annual basis to incorporate new available drilling data and improved understanding of the orebody.
             In 2016, 86 diamond drill holes were completed within the Antamina pit, for a total of approximately 31,000 metres.
             In addition, 2 reverse circulation holes with a total length of approximately 500 metres were also drilled in the pit.
             Sampling, Analysis and Data Verification
             More than 280,000 samples have been analyzed. Assay data used for resource modeling is predominately from drill
             core samples (95%), with a lesser amount of underground channel (4%) and reverse circulation (1%) samples. No
             bias was noted


                                                                        29




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                      37/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             for particular minerals with respect to core recovery and the samples used for the resource estimation are considered
             representative. Drill core sampling methodology for all Antamina drilling campaigns was the same: the drill core
             was cut in half, and sample intervals were set at three metres in length; however, the length of samples were adjusted
             to start and end at major geologic alteration and lithology contacts. All efforts were made to collect samples with a
             minimum length not less than 1 metre, except for density samples which average approximately 0.15 metre in
             length. The whole length of the drill hole was sampled, whether mineralized or not, except where low recovery
             prevented the collection of a representative sample. Most of the density data has been collected using two methods:
             caliper and wax-coat water immersion (which were determined to produce equivalent datasets). Additional studies
             were performed to determine correction factors for the bias between the whole core density and the in-situ density.
             Those factors were subsequently used during the resource estimation procedures. A bulk metallurgical sample was
             taken for pilot plant testing to determine grinding and bulk flotation characteristics of the ores. A drift location for
             the bulk sample was selected in the likely starter pit area. Approximately 400 tonnes of material was shipped for
             testing.
             For all drilling programs run by CM Antamina, sample preparation, assaying, analytical and quality control
             procedures have followed acceptable industry standard practices. The procedures followed included the use of
             independent assay labs for all sample preparation and assays and the use of QA/QC protocols in all drilling
             campaigns. Additionally, most of the drilling programs included an independent audit of the QA/QC program and
             results. For diamond core, three metre samples of half core (HQ or NQ) are taken and crushed for assay at an
             external laboratory. The remaining half of the core is retained for future reference. The assay program includes
             approximately 15% of quality-assurance/quality-control samples, comprising reference materials, duplicates and
             blanks. The reference materials consist of matrix-matched material from Antamina, homogenized and certified in
             accordance with industry practice. All original data (geological logs, field forms, printed assay certificates, core
             photographs, and all other types of paper forms) have been archived at the mine site, inventoried and filed by hole.
             All of the paper forms have been scanned and electronically stored, together with all of the information that was
             originally received in an electronic form. A backup copy of all electronically-stored data (including backups of the
             SQL-based resource database) is stored in the CM Antamina vault in Lima. Industry accepted procedures were
             utilized for sampling, sample preparation, security and analytical procedures. Sample checks have demonstrated
             that the samples are representative of the mineralization and that there is no bias in the sampling.
             Mineral Processing and Metallurgical Testing
             Extensive metallurgical testing was conducted on the Antamina ore body from November 1996 to December 1997.
             The work was carried out by reputable metallurgical laboratories under the direction of a committee of experienced
             metallurgical experts from within the ownership group supported by independent consultants. Much of the critical
             initial work was carried out in duplicate at different laboratories. Concentrator operations were started in May 2001.
             Over ten years of operational and metallurgical data have been realized since the original feasibility test work. The
             operational data and metallurgical relationships developed subsequent to the feasibility study have been applied to
             the current resource model.
             Mineral Resource and Reserve Estimates
             The Mineral Reserves and Mineral Resources for the Antamina deposit as of December 31, 2016 are as follows:
             Mineral Reserves as at December 31, 2016 (100% basis)
                                              Proven                Probable                  Total
                                         Tonnes    Grade        Tonnes    Grade         Tonnes      Grade
               Copper                     ‘000     Cu %          ‘000     Cu %           ‘000       Cu %
               Copper Only Ores          115,100     1.03       190,200     1.02        305,400      1.02
               Copper Zinc Ores           58,900     0.98       188,300     0.82        247,200      0.86
               Total                     174,000     1.01       378,500     0.92        552,600      0.95

                                             Proven                 Probable                  Total
                                         Tonnes   Grade         Tonnes    Grade         Tonnes      Grade
               Zinc                       ‘000    Zn %           ‘000     Zn %           ‘000       Zn %
               Total                     58,900     2.1         188,300      2.0        247,200       2.0
                                              Proven                Probable                  Total
                                         Tonnes    Grade        Tonnes    Grade         Tonnes      Grade
               Silver                     ‘000     Ag g/t        ‘000     Ag g/t         ‘000       Ag g/t
               Copper Only Ores          115,100      7.8       190,200      8.2        305,400       8.0
               Copper Zinc Ores           58,900     16.6       188,300     13.2        247,200      14.0
               Total                     174,000     10.8       378,500     10.7        552,600      10.7




                                                                       30




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                     38/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                                                          Proven                        Probable                        Total
                                                     Tonnes    Grade                Tonnes    Grade                Tonnes     Grade
               Molybdenum                             ‘000     Mo %                  ‘000     Mo %                  ‘000      Mo %
               Total                                 115,100    0.038               190,200    0.032               305,400    0.034

             Mineral Resources (Exclusive of Mineral Reserves) as at December 31, 2016 (100% basis)
                                                      Measured                        Indicated                        Inferred
                                                   Tonnes  Grade                  Tonnes     Grade                Tonnes      Grade
               Copper                               ‘000    Cu %                   ‘000      Cu %                   ‘000       Cu %
               Copper Only Ores                    45,900    0.55                 330,500      0.77                815,600      0.82
               Copper Zinc Ores                    19,100    0.85                 138,100      1.06                431,000      0.98
               Total                               65,000    0.64                 468,600      0.86              1,246,600      0.87
                                                       Measured                       Indicated                       Inferred
                                                    Tonnes   Grade                Tonnes     Grade                Tonnes     Grade
               Zinc                                  ‘000    Zn %                  ‘000      Zn %                  ‘000      Zn %
               Total                                19,100      1.3               138,100       1.5               431,000      1.5

                                                      Measured                        Indicated                        Inferred
                                                   Tonnes  Grade                  Tonnes     Grade                Tonnes      Grade
               Silver                               ‘000    Ag g/t                 ‘000      Ag g/t                 ‘000       Ag g/t
               Copper Only Ores                    45,900      6.4                330,500       8.6                815,600       8.1
               Copper Zinc Ores                    19,100    16.1                 138,100      17.7                431,000      15.3
               Total                               65,000      9.3                468,600      11.3              1,246,600      10.6
                                                       Measured                       Indicated                        Inferred
                                                    Tonnes Grade                   Tonnes    Grade                 Tonnes     Grade
               Molybdenum                            ‘000   Mo %                    ‘000     Mo %                   ‘000      Mo %
               Total                                45,900   0.020                 330,500    0.023                815,600    0.024
             Notes:
             (1) Source: Teck AIF dated February 23, 2017.
             (2) Columns and rows may not add up due to rounding.
             (3) Mineral Resources that are not Mineral Reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability.
             (4) Zinc is not recovered from copper ores and molybdenum is not usually recovered from copper-zinc ores or from copper ores
                   with high bismuth.
             (5) Reserve and Resource estimates were prepared assuming long term metal prices of: $2.97/lb copper, $1.03/lb zinc, $10.70/lb
                   molybdenum and $18.72/oz silver.
             (6) The cut-off grades at Antamina are based on the net value before taxes that the material is expected to generate per hour of
                   concentrator operation at assumed prices, and varies by year in an effort to maximise the net present value of the pit.

             Mineral Reserves are limited to the current operation tailings dam capacity.
             Mining Operations
             Project construction commenced in 1999 with initial production realized in June 2001. Antamina is currently a
             producing property, with the mine and concentrator operating at the designed capacity.
             The mine is an open-pit, truck/shovel operation. The ore is crushed within the pit and conveyed through a 2.7
             kilometre tunnel to a coarse ore stockpile at the mill. It is then processed utilizing two SAG mills, followed by ball
             mill grinding and flotation to produce separate copper, zinc, molybdenum and lead/bismuth concentrates. Silver is
             predominantly contained within the copper concentrates, with additional silver contained within the lead-bismuth
             concentrate. The concentrator processes multiple ore types on a campaign basis. These campaigns range from a
             number of days to an entire month or longer depending upon ore development and concentrate marketing
             requirements.
             A 302 kilometre-long slurry concentrate pipeline, approximately 22 centimetres in diameter with a single pump
             station at the mine site, transports copper and zinc concentrates to the Huarmey port, where they are dewatered and
             stored prior to loading onto vessels for shipment to smelters and refineries world-wide. CM Antamina has entered
             into long-term off-take agreements with affiliates of its shareholders on market terms. Molybdenum concentrates are
             sold to third party refiners on market terms.
             Copper production in 2016 (100% basis) was 431,100 tonnes, compared to 390,600 tonnes in 2015 with the increase
             primarily as a result of higher grades and recovery. Zinc production decreased by 16% to 198,000 tonnes in 2016,
             primarily due to a lower portion of copper-zinc ore processed, partially offset by higher zinc grades and recoveries.
             Molybdenum production in 2016 totalled 10.3 million pounds, which was 134% higher than in 2015, due to higher
             grades. In 2016,


                                                                                            31




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                             39/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             Antamina produced approximately 20.1 million ounces of silver, which was 13% higher than in 2015 (calculated
             from Glencore’s attributable share as disclosed in its February 2, 2017 news release available on Glencore’s
             website). Based on current tailings capacity, the mine life is expected to continue until 2028. Operating permits are
             valid until the end of the life of mine. CM Antamina is currently considering options for storing additional tailings
             and alternative mine plans that could result in significant mine life extensions.
             Labour
             In January 2016, a new labour agreement was ratified that will expire in the third quarter of 2018.
             Operating and Capital Costs
             Total 2017 projected cash operating costs for the project (shown on a 100% basis, calculated from Teck’s
             attributable 22.5% share) are tabulated below.
                                                                                Approximated Projected Cost,
               Component                                                                           $ million
               Labour                                                                                  288.9
               Supplies                                                                                404.4
               Energy                                                                                  182.2
               Other (including general & administrative, inventory changes)                            62.2
               Less amounts associated with projected capitalized stripping                           (244.4)
               Total                                                                                   693.3

             The cash operating costs presented above do not include transportation or royalties.
             Total 2017 projected capital costs for the project (shown on a 100% basis, calculated from Teck’s attributable 22.5%
             share) are tabulated below:
                                                                                Approximated Projected Cost,
               Component                                                                           $ million
               Sustaining                                                                              262.2
               Major Enhancement                                                                         4.4
               Total                                                                                   266.6

             Exploration and Development
             Beyond the estimated Mineral Reserves and Mineral Resources, Antamina hosts additional potential open pit and
             bulk/selective underground targets. There is also regional exploration potential over a large, prospective land
             package greater than 700 square kilometres.


                                                                           32




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                  40/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      CANDELARIA MINING AND TECHNICAL INFORMATION
             Property Description, Location and Access
             The Candelaria Copper Mining Complex comprises two adjacent copper mining operations, Compañia Contractual
             Minera Candelaria (“Minera Candelaria”) and Compañia Contractual Minera Ojos del Salado (“Minera Ojos del
             Salado”), that produce copper concentrates from open pit and underground mines. Minera Candelaria is an open pit
             and underground mine (“Candelaria Norte”) providing copper ore to an on-site concentrator with a capacity of
             75,000 tonnes per day, and Minera Ojos del Salado comprises two underground mines: Santos and Alcaparrosa. The
             Santos mine provides copper ore to an on-site concentrator with a capacity of 3,800 tonnes per day, while ore from
             the Alcaparrosa mine is treated at the Minera Candelaria processing plant. The Candelaria Copper Mining Complex
             is indirectly owned by Lundin as to 80% and Sumitomo Metal Mining Co., Ltd. and Sumitomo Corporation
             (collectively, “Sumitomo”) as to 20%.
             The Candelaria Copper Mining Complex is located in Chile’s Atacama Province, Region III, at an elevation of
             approximately 650 metres above sea level, 20 kilometres south of the city of Copiapó and 650 kilometres north of
             Santiago. The properties are easily accessed using the public road system. Personnel employed at the Candelaria
             Copper Mining Complex come primarily from the Copiapó region. Copiapó is a modern city with all regular
             services and a population of approximately 160,000. Copiapó regional airport is serviced by regional flights from
             Santiago and other destinations on a daily basis.
             The Minera Candelaria property comprises 249 mining exploitation concessions (approximately 5,855 hectares) and
             65 mining exploration concessions (approximately 6,580 hectares). The Ojos del Salado property comprises 192
             mining exploitation concessions (approximately 9,273 hectares) and 38 mining exploration concessions
             (approximately 6,848 hectares). The tenements are free of mortgages, encumbrances, prohibitions, injunctions, and
             litigation. The tenements on which active and contemplated mining activities occur or are contemplated to occur are
             not affected by royalties.
             History
             The Candelaria sulphide deposit was discovered by Phelps Dodge Corporation (“Phelps Dodge”) in 1987. A
             feasibility study was completed in 1990, and, following approval by the Chilean government, construction started in
             October of 1992. Sumitomo acquired a 20% stake in the property in 1992. Production commenced in early 1995.
             In 2007, property ownership changed when Freeport-McMoRan Inc. (“Freeport”) acquired Phelps Dodge.
             During 2011, a pipeline was completed to bring water purchased from a nearby sewage treatment facility to the
             Candelaria mine. A desalination plant at the port of Caldera was built and commissioned in 2013 at a capacity of 500
             litres per second.
             The Santos underground mine has been in production since 1929, with processing taking place at what is now called
             the Pedro Aguirre Cerde (“PAC”) plant. Phelps Dodge became sole owner of Minera Ojos del Salado and the Santos
             mine and the PAC plant in 1985. The PAC plant has been expanded several times to its current capacity of 3,800
             tonnes per day. Sumitomo acquired its 20% interest in Minera Ojos del Salado in 2005.
             In early 1996, production from the Alcaparrosa underground mine commenced.
             In November 2014, Lundin acquired Freeport’s interest in the Candelaria Copper Mining Complex.
             In 2015, the Candelaria 2030 project (as defined below), including the new Los Diques tailings management facility,
             received environmental approval from Chilean regulators. Construction of Los Diques commenced in 2016 after the
             receipt of the major construction permits.
             The Candelaria Copper Mining Complex has been a significant producer of copper since the mid-1990s. In the last
             five years, annual payable copper and gold metal in concentrates sold varied between 147 and 191 kilotonnes and
             83,000 and 102,000 ounces, respectively.
             Geological Setting, Mineralization and Deposit Type
             The Candelaria sulphide deposit is located at the boundary between the Coastal Cordillera and the Copiapó
             Precordillera. The Coastal Cordillera of Chañaral and Copiapó is composed of Permian to Lower Cretaceous
             intrusions within a basement of metasedimentary rocks of Devonian to Carboniferous age. Volcanic, volcaniclastic
             and marine carbonate rocks represent intra- and back-arc sequences that were deposited during the Early to Mid-
             Cretaceous period.
             The Candelaria, Santos and Alcaparrosa mines are located in the district of Punta del Cobre. The polymetallic
             sulphide deposits are hosted in volcanic rocks of the Punta del Cobre Formation. Polymetallic sulphide deposits in
             the Punta del Cobre district are located to the east of the main branches of the Atacama fault zone, a subduction-
             linked strike-slip fault system stretching over 1,000 kilometres along the Chilean coast and active at least since the
             Jurassic period. The dominant structural elements of the Punta del Cobre area are the northeast-trending Tierra
             Amarilla Anticlinorium, a southeast verging fold-and-thrust system and a series of north-northwest- to northwest-
             trending high-angle faults.


                                                                      33




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                   41/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             The copper-gold sulphide mineralization found at the Candelaria Copper Mining Complex is generally referred to as
             iron oxide copper gold (IOCG) mineralization. The sulphide mineralization occurs in breccias, stockwork veinlets,
             disseminations in andesite, and as an internal tuff unit. There are also some localized controls to mineralization in
             the form of faults, breccias, veins, and foliation.
             Candelaria has become an exploration model for Andean-type IOCG deposits that display close relationships to the
             plutonic complexes and broadly coeval fault systems. Depending on lithology and the structural setting, the
             polymetallic sulphide mineralization can occur as veins, hydrothermal breccias, replacement mantos, and calcic
             skarns. The Candelaria IOCG system lies within the thermal aureole of the Lower Cretaceous magmatic arc plutonic
             suite in the Candelaria-Punta del Cobre district.
             Exploration
             Ongoing exploration is conducted at the Candelaria Copper Mining Complex with the primary purpose of
             supporting mining and increasing Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves available for mining. Exploration is
             focused on the known mantos, veins, and breccia masses in proximity to existing underground infrastructure.
             Historically, this strategy has proven very effective in defining new Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves
             available for underground mining. Much of the exploration is conducted from underground, requiring significant
             underground development to provide adequate drilling stations. Regional exploration is also undertaken on the large
             properties surrounding the mines to identify targets and define new Mineral Resource areas. All existing exploration
             information is being compiled into a comprehensive 3D model to allow for evaluation and prioritization of
             exploration efforts.
             From 2010 to June 2016, more than $133 million was invested in exploration, primarily below the Candelaria open
             pit, to the north and south, and at the three underground mines. This exploration has resulted in a significant
             expansion of the Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves of the underground mines, and contributed to the
             extension of their life.
             At Candelaria, the 2016 exploration programme included 56,500 metres of diamond drilling and 430 metres of
             underground development. At the Alcaparossa mine, the 2016 exploration programme included 121 metres of
             underground development and a total of 5,000 metres of core drilling. At the Santos mine, the 2016 exploration
             programme included 17,500 metres of core drilling. In addition to the underground exploration programmes,
             geophysical tools including MIMDAS, Gravity, and TDEM have been employed to guide future drilling programs
             within the Candelaria District.
             Drilling
             Mineral Resources are estimated based on information obtained from surface and underground drill holes. From
             1990 to 2016, 2,747 core and percussion boreholes have been drilled in and around the Candelaria open pit mine. In
             the Santos mine, approximately 676 core boreholes were drilled from 1988 to 2016. For the Alcaparrosa mine, the
             borehole database contains information from 1,081 core boreholes drilled from 1990 to 2016. The drilling and
             sampling procedures used are consistent with generally recognized industry best practices.
             Sampling, Analysis and Data Verification
             Analytical samples used in estimating the Minera Candelaria Mineral Resources were prepared and assayed at the
             Candelaria mine laboratory that is accredited to ISO 17025 for the analyses of copper, iron, zinc, and silver.
             Analytical samples used in estimating the Minera Ojos del Salado Mineral Resources were prepared and assayed by
             Intertek (formerly Vigalab). Conventional preparation and assaying procedures are used. Copper is analyzed by
             multi acid digestion and atomic absorption spectroscopy. Gold and silver are assayed using a fire assay procedure.
             Specific gravity is systematically measured on core samples.
             Since 2007, all drilling assay samples have been collected by company personnel or under the direct supervision of
             company personnel. Samples from Minera Candelaria are processed and analyzed entirely at the mine site. Samples
             from Minera Ojos del Salado are shipped directly from the property to the Intertek laboratory.
             Assay samples are collected by appropriately qualified staff at the laboratories. Sample security involves two
             aspects: maintaining the chain of custody of samples to prevent inadvertent contamination or mixing of samples and
             rendering active tampering as difficult as possible.
             An apparent bias in the analytical results delivered by Intertek laboratory for silver was identified. This problem,
             affecting samples assayed prior to 2015, was remedied and biased results were corrected. The sampling preparation,
             security, analytical procedures, data verification and QA/QC protocols used are consistent with generally accepted
             industry best practices.
             Mineral Processing and Metallurgical Testing
             The Candelaria Copper Mining Complex maintains regular metallurgical testing programs that are incorporated with
             historical testing results and mill performance into a statistical model to predict and improve the complex’s
             processing performance in terms of mill throughput, metal recovery to concentrate, and final concentrate grade.
             Metallurgical tests are executed in a number of specialized in-house and commercial facilities. Testing includes rock
             hardness classification, mineralogy using


                                                                      34




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                  42/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             QEMSCAN technology and bench scale flotation testing that is correlated with industrial scale performance in order
             to predict mill throughput and metallurgical performance. A similar but less intense program is underway for the
             PAC plant.
             New metallurgical tests were initiated in late 2016 as part of a feasibility study to evaluate potential throughput
             increases at the Candelaria mill.
             Mineral Resource and Mineral Reserve Estimates
             The Mineral Resources at the Candelaria Copper Mining Complex are estimated from core drilling information
             stored in a secured central database, and were evaluated using a geostatistical block modelling approach. Separate
             models were prepared for the Candelaria open pit mine and the three underground mines (Candelaria Norte, Santos
             and Alcaparrosa) using slightly different methodologies and assumptions. Each underground mine was sub-divided
             into sectors and evaluated using separate block models. In total, 19 distinct block models were created to model the
             zones of sulphide mineralization of the Candelaria Copper Mining Complex, including 8 new models since the
             acquisition by Lundin.
             The open pit Mineral Reserve estimate is based on a mine plan and open pit designs developed using modifying
             parameters including metal prices, metal recovery based on performance of the processing plant, operating cost
             estimates and sustaining capital cost estimates based on the production schedule and equipment requirements. Open
             pit optimizations are carried out using MineSight and Datamine software.
             The underground Mineral Reserve estimates at Candelaria Norte, Alcaparrosa and Santos are based on mine plans
             and designs developed using modifying parameters including metal prices, metal recovery based on performance of
             the processing plant, and operating and sustaining capital cost estimates. The operating costs used are based on
             actual average operating costs for the three years 2013 through 2015. Stope layouts and development plans are
             developed in MineSight software with Datamine MSO (Mineable Shape Optimizer) software used for stope design.
             Details of the June 30, 2016 Consolidated Mineral Resource and Mineral Reserve statement for the Candelaria
             Copper Mining Complex are set forth below.
                    Consolidated Mineral Resource Statement As of June 30, 2016
                                          (100% Basis)*
                                                                         Classification        Quantity        Cu        Au       Ag        Cu          Au           Ag     Lundin
                                                                                                  ‘000 t        %         g/t      g/t   ‘000 t     ‘000 oz     ‘000 oz     Interest
                 Open Pit                                             Measured                  412,265       0.55      0.13     1.90    2,281        1,697      25,196          80 %
                                                                      Indicated                  30,787       0.48      0.12     1.58      146          122       1,560          80 %
                                                                      Measured &
                                                                      Indicated                  443,052      0.55      0.13     1.88     2,427       1,818      26,756            80 %
                                                                      Inferred                    11,254      0.34      0.09     1.19        38          31         431            80 %
                 Underground                                          Measured                    84,270      1.12      0.26     3.25       948         706       8.797            80 %
                                                                      Indicated                   67,860      1.08      0.24     2.46       732         532       5,376            80 %
                                                                      Measured &
                                                                      Indicated                  152,130      1.10      0.25     2.90     1,680       1,238      14,173            80 %
                                                                      Inferred                    50,336      1.00      0.22     2.18       503         351       3,525            80 %
                 WIP**                                                Measured                    93,805      0.34      0.09     1.44       321         257       4,342            80 %
                                                                      Indicated                        -         -         -        -         -           -           -            80 %
                                                                      Measured &
                                                                      Indicated                   93,805      0.34      0.09     1.44       321         257       4,342            80 %
                                                                      Inferred                         -         -         -        -         -           -           -            80 %
                 Combined                                             Measured                   590,340      0.60      0.14     2.02     3,550       2,659      38,335            80 %
                                                                      Indicated                   98,647      0.89      0.21     2.19       878         654       6.936            80 %
                                                                      Measured &
                                                                      Indicated                  688,987      0.64      0.15     2.04     4,428       3,312      45,271            80 %
                                                                      Inferred                    61,589      0.88      0.19     2.00       541         382       3.956            80 %
             *       Reported within the boundaries of the Compañia Contractual Mineral Candelaria and Compañia Contractual Ojos del Salado properties. Mineral Resources are
                     not Mineral Reserves and have not demonstrated economic viability. All figures are rounded to reflect the relative accuracy of the estimates. Mineral Resources
                     include Mineral Reserves. Open pit Mineral Resources are reported at a cut-off grade of 0.2 percent copper within a conceptual pit shell based on metal prices
                     of $3.16 per pound pf copper and $1,000 per ounce of gold and current topography. Underground Mineral Resources are reported at a cut-off grade of 0.6
                     percent copper. Parts of the open pit Mineral Resources have been converted into underground Mineral Reserves.
             **      Work-in-Progress (WIP) stockpiles.




                                                                                               35




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                                                       43/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             Consolidated Mineral Reserve Statement As of June 30, 2016
             (100% Basis)*
                                                                      Classification     Quantity       Cu       Au       Ag        Cu         Au            Ag     Lundin
                                                                                            ‘000 t       %        g/t      g/t    ‘000t     ‘000oz      ‘000 oz     Interest
                 Open Pit                                             Proven              320,997      0.54     0.13     1.79     1,746      1,300       18,445          80 %
                                                                      Probable             16,634      0.46     0.12     1.58        76         66          847          80 %
                                                                      Total               337,632      0.54     0.13     1.78     1,822      1,366       19,292          80 %
                 WIP**                                                Proven               93,772      0.34     0.09     1.44       321        256        4,338          80 %
                 Candelaria                                           Probable                   -        -         -        -        -          -            -          80 %
                                                                      Total                93,772      0.34     0.09     1.44       321        256        4,338          80 %
                 Underground                                          Proven               31,309      0.94     0.22     3.42       295        220        3,447          80 %
                                                                      Probable             19,821      0.84     0.19     2.06       166        120        1,311          80 %
                                                                      Total                51,131      0.90     0.21     2.89       461        340        4,758          80 %
                 WIP**                                                Proven                   33      1.03     0.24     3.65         -          -            4          80 %
                 Ojos del Santos                                      Probable                   -        -         -        -        -          -            -          80 %
                                                                      Total                    33      1.03     0.24     3.65         -          -            4          80 %
                 Combined                                             Proven              446,111      0.53     0.12     1.83     2,363      1,776       26,234          80 %
                                                                      Probable             36,456      0.66     0.16     1.84       242        186        2,158          80 %
                                                                      Total               482,567      0.54     0.13     1.83     2,604      1,962       28,392          80 %
             *       Mineral Reserves included in Mineral Resources. Mineral Reserves have been prepared using metal prices of $2.75 per pound of copper, $1,000 per ounce of
                    gold, and $15.00 per ounce of silver. All figures have been rounded to reflect the relative accuracy of the estimates. Minera Candelaria Mineral Reserves for
                    open pit and underground are reported at cut-off grades of 0.20 and 0.64 percent copper, respectively. Underground Mineral Reserves for Alcaparrosa and
                    Santos are reported at cut-off grades of 0.66 and 0.73 percent copper, respectively. Parts of the underground Mineral Reserves have been converted from open
                    pit Mineral Resources.
             **     Work-in-Progress (WIP) stockpiles.

             Mining Operations
             The Candelaria open pit mine operates with an overall mining rate of approximately 228,000 tonnes per day
             including 64,800 tonnes per day of ore sent to the Candelaria processing plant. The average grade of the ore that will
             be mined from the open pit over the remaining life of mine is estimated at 0.54% copper, while stockpiled work-in-
             progress material is estimated to have an average grade of 0.34% copper. The mine operates seven electric shovels,
             46 haulage trucks, eight production drills and a fleet of support equipment.
             The open pit was designed to be mined in several phases of development. As of June 2016, five phases of
             development remain in the life-of-mine (“LOM”) plan (Phases 9 to 13). The overall strip ratio is 2.8:1 excluding
             stockpiles. The total in-pit waste is 950 million tonnes. The overall life of the open pit mine is 19 years.
             The Candelaria Norte underground mine currently produces 7,000 tonnes per day of ore but is planned to ramp up to
             7,500 tonnes per day by 2020 with an average grade of 0.88% copper estimated in the LOM plan. The Alcaparrosa
             underground mine produces 4,300 tonnes per day of ore with an average grade of 0.85% copper. The Santos
             underground mine produces 5,000 tonnes per day of ore with an average grade of 0.99% copper estimated over the
             remaining LOM. The three underground mines utilize a sublevel stoping mining method for ore extraction. This
             method is ideal for relatively large, vertical, as well as thick deposits with favourable and stable host rock.
             Processing and Recovery Operations
             Minera Candelaria and Minera Ojos del Salado operate their own processing plants. The Candelaria processing plant
             receives ore from the Candelaria open pit and Candelaria Norte and Alcaparrosa underground mines. It has a
             nameplate capacity of 75,000 tonnes per day. The PAC processing plant receives ore from the Santos underground
             mine and has a design capacity of 3,800 tonnes per day.
             The Candelaria processing plant flowsheet is conventional, comprising two parallel process lines for grinding and
             flotation followed by common final concentrate filtration and shipping of bulk copper concentrates. Run of mine ore
             is trucked to a primary gyratory crusher which then feeds a semi-autogenous grinding mill-ball mill circuit with
             pebble extraction and crushing. The secondary ball mill cyclone overflow constitutes feed to the rougher flotation
             bank. Rougher concentrate is reground prior to two stage cleaning in column flotation. Final flotation copper
             concentrate with gold and silver by-product metals is thickened, filtered, and stored on site. Final flotation tails are
             conventionally thickened and disposed of in a rockfill embankment tailings storage facility. Typical metallurgical
             recoveries average 94% for copper, 75% for gold and 83% for silver.
             A feasibility study is underway to evaluate potential debottlenecking expansions of the main Candelaria processing
             plant to add approximately 15-20% throughput capacity. The results of this expansion study are expected to be
             received during 2017.
             The PAC concentrator has been in operation since 1929. The PAC concentrator flowsheet comprises a conventional
             three -stage crushing plant. The grinding circuit has three closed circuit ball mills operating in parallel. The ball mill
             cyclone overflow constitutes feed to the rougher floatation bank. Rougher concentrates are reground prior to
             cleaning in a column cell with the tailings scavenged with conventional mechanical flotation cells. Final concentrate
             is thickened and filtered using a ceramic disc filter. Final flotation tailings from the PAC plant are pumped to the
             main Candelaria tailings storage facility. Typical metallurgical recoveries average 94% for copper, 72% for gold and
             72% for silver.


                                                                                             36



file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                                                 44/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   45/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             Copper concentrates containing precious metals are sold on contract to local smelters or trucked to the Punta
             Padrones port, near Caldera for export to overseas smelters.
             Candelaria Copper Mining Complex has an agreement with a third party company to process Candelaria’s flotation
             tailings to produce a magnetite concentrate and this produces an additional source of by-product revenue subject to
             favourable iron ore prices.
             Infrastructure, Permitting and Compliance Activities
             The mines of the Candelaria Copper Mining Complex receive electrical power through long-term contracts with
             AES Gener S.A., a local energy company. The main water supply comes from a desalination plant, which was
             commissioned in 2013 and is located adjacent to the Punta Padrones port facility. Local treated sewage water is also
             used by the mines. Copper concentrate is shipped from the Punta Padrones port facility at the port of Caldera. Both
             the desalination plant and the Punta Padrones port are owned by Minera Candelaria.
             The current Candelaria tailings storage facility receives the flotation tails from the Candelaria and PAC processing
             plants. The remaining tailings storage capacity is estimated at 23.3 million cubic metres, sufficient to receive tailings
             until June 2018 at the current production throughput.
             A new tailings storage facility, known as Los Diques, has been designed to replace the Candelaria tailings storage
             facility. The Los Diques facility will be located to the southwest of the open pit and plant sites and will have an
             approximate designed capacity of 600 million tonnes. The Los Diques tailings management facility is a key part of
             the “Candelaria 2030 Project Operational Continuity” (“Candelaria 2030”) environmental impact assessment (EIA)
             that was submitted to the environmental authorities in September 2013 and was approved in July 2015. Engineering
             was completed during 2016 and after receipt of key sectorial permits construction of the starter dam was initiated.
             Completion of Los Diques tailings facility and the placement of first tailings is forecast in the first quarter 2018.
             Chile has in place a comprehensive regulatory framework for mining and other industrial activities, dating from the
             mid-1990s and most recently updated in 2013. Although the Candelaria and Ojos del Salado facilities were
             permitted and developed prior to the modern framework being in place, both now hold numerous environmental
             approvals stemming from modifications to the original developments. In addition, the two companies hold more than
             1,000 permits for construction and operation of the mining and milling facilities, and related infrastructure.
             The most recently completed major environmental assessment process was initiated in September 2013 with the
             submission of the Candelaria 2030 EIA. This included, among other things, an extension of the operating life of the
             facilities and the Los Diques tailings storage facility. The Candelaria 2030 EIA received regulatory approval with
             conditions in July 2015. None of the conditions of approval represent risks to the technical or economic feasibility of
             the operation.
             The Alcaparrosa mine’s current environmental approval expires at the end of 2017. An EIA was submitted in
             December 2016 to extend its operating life until 2022. The timeline for obtaining approval is uncertain.
             The Environmental Management Systems of Minera Candelaria and Minera Ojos del Salado have been certified for
             many years under the international ISO 14001 Standard. Minera Candelaria was most recently re-certified in March
             2015 and the certification for Minera Ojos del Salado was achieved in September 2016.
             There are currently two legal processes underway related to Minera Candelaria’s environmental approvals:
                 · In December 2016 the Candelaria Copper Mining Complex received notice of fines totalling approximately
                   $4 million, related to alleged instances of non-compliance with its environmental approvals stemming from
                   two inspections carried out by regulatory authorities in 2013 and 2014. The Candelaria Copper Mining
                   Complex has appealed the case to the Environmental Court.
                 · In October 2015 an agricultural company with land holdings in the vicinity of Candelaria filed suit against the
                   regulatory authority that granted approval of the Candelaria 2030 EIA, requesting that the approval be
                   overturned. In September 2016 the Committee of Ministers handed down a decision upholding the approval
                   and specifying additional environmental impact mitigation measures to be undertaken by the Candelaria
                   Copper Mining Complex. In October 2016 the agricultural company appealed this decision to the
                   Environmental Court.
             Both cases may be appealed to the Supreme Court before they are finally resolved.
             Separate mine closure plans are in place for Minera Candelaria and Minera Ojos del Salado and both have been
             approved by the Chilean National Geology and Mining Service. The approved closure costs are $42.4 million for
             Minera Candelaria and $7.9 million for Minera Ojos del Salado. The closure cost estimate for Minera Candelaria
             does not reflect the developments recently permitted under the Candelaria 2030 EIA, including the Los Diques
             tailings facility. In December 2016, an updated closure plan was submitted for review and approval, which includes
             the Candelaria 2030 developments. Any extension of the


                                                                        37




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                      46/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             Alcaparrosa mine’s life beyond the current life of mine will require an update of the closure plan and a new financial
             guarantee. The legacy facilities (old tailings and slag deposit) have already been closed and remediated.
             Minera Candelaria is an active participant in civil society in the Atacama region of Chile, with social initiatives
             focussed principally on the communities nearest to the mine and port sites, namely Tierra Amarilla and
             Caldera. The Candelaria Copper Mining Complex includes liaison offices in both communities and has
             implemented a formal Stakeholder Engagement Plan and a grievance/suggestions mechanism. Community forums,
             called “Encuentros con Candelaria” and consisting of open meetings, have been conducted to share relevant
             information about the company’s strategic plan and initiatives on topics related to safety, environmental, operational
             and social performance.
             Minera Candelaria has in place an agreement with the local government of Tierra Amarilla, which makes available
             more than $16 million to develop a portfolio of community programs in areas such as housing, culture and health
             services improvements. In addition, at Caldera where most residents are either directly or indirectly linked to the
             fishing industry, Candelaria established the Fishermen Development Fund to offer local fishermen resources to
             develop individual and collective projects in the four main areas of housing, health, education and economic
             development.
             Capital and Operating Costs
             The forecast copper production profile for Candelaria and the corresponding capital investment and operating cost
             estimate for the period from 2017 to 2021 is tabulated below.
               Candelaria Five Year Outlook
               (100% Basis)                         2017                 2018              2019            2020                 2021
                                                     181,000 -            164,000 -         158,000 -       158,000 -            154,000 -
               Copper Production, tonnes              187,000              170,000           164,000         164,000               160,000
               C1 cash cost                           $1.20/lb             $1.25/lb          $1.55/lb        $1.50/lb             $1.40/lb
               Capital Expenditure ($million)
                Capitalized Stripping                     105                     95              30               35                  70
                Los Diques Tailings Capex                 135                     30              —                —                   —
                Other Sustaining Capex                     25                     45              35               70                  25
               Total Candelaria Capital
               Expenditures                               265                    170              65               105                 95

             The estimated C1 cash costs are forecast using an exchange rate of US dollar/CLP: 650 and after by-product credits.
             By-product credits have been adjusted for the terms of the Franco-Nevada streaming agreement but exclude any
             allocation of upfront cash received.
             The main capital project at Candelaria is the construction of the new Los Diques tailings storage facility which
             commenced construction in 2016 and is expected to be ready to receive first tailings in 2018. The mine and mill
             capital costs comprise typical sustaining capital items for a mature operation and include replacement and rebuild of
             equipment and infrastructure.
             Lundin capitalizes waste stripping costs when experienced strip ratios are above the average planned strip ratio for
             each open pit phase under development. During the production phase of the Candelaria open pit mine, waste
             stripping costs, which provide probable future economic benefits and improved access to the orebody, are capitalized
             to mineral properties.
             Exploration, Development, and Production
             The summary of the 2017 to 2021 exploration programme is tabulated below.
                                                                                2017      2018     2019     2020         2021      Total
               Santos                                   Definition             18,000    9,000    4,500    2,000                  33,500
                                                       Exploration                                2,000    2,000                   4,000
               Alcaparrosa                              Definition             10,000    8,000   10,000                           28,000
                                                       Exploration                       5,000             4,800                   9,800
               Candelaria Norte                         Definition             20,000   15,000   15,000    8,000     15,000       73,000
                                                       Exploration             19,500   18,000    9,000   16,000     10,000       72,500
               Candelaria                               Definition             18,000   11,000    5,000                           34,000
                                                       Exploration              9,000             4,000    8,000     11,000       32,000
               District                                 Definition                                         7,500     30,000       37,500
                                                       Exploration             17,000   12,000    8,000                           37,000
                                                       Delineation                               13,000   12,000                  25,000
                                                   Total (metres/year)      111,500     78,000   70,500   60,300     66,000      386,300
                                                    Drifting (metres)         1,650      1,360      460      430                   3,900
               Total Cost                              $M (‘000)             32,281     26,046   22,543   19,483     18,634      118,987

             The objective of this exploration program is three fold: it is to define and upgrade the classification of additional
             higher grade Mineral Resources in the underground mines to replace the processing of lower grade feed from the
             open pit or surface stockpiles and improve the life of mine copper production; to understand the resource potential
             remaining in the underground mines; and, to explore the Candelaria District to supplement the depletion of Mineral
             Resources in the mines.


                                                                          38
file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                          47/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   48/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             In 2016, the Candelaria Copper Mining Complex produced, on a 100% basis, 166,592 tonnes of copper,
             approximately 1,700,000 ounces of silver and 97,000 ounces of gold. For 2017, the Candelaria Copper Mining
             Complex is forecasted to produce metals in concentrate (100% basis) of 181 - 188 kilotonnes of copper, 108,000
             ounces of gold and 2.0 million ounces of silver. Over the remaining life of mine plan (to 2035), the average annual
             production is estimated to be 129 kilotonnes of copper, 70,000 ounces of gold and 1.2 million ounces of silver.
             The overall life of the Candelaria open pit mine is to 2035, while the underground mines, Candelaria Norte,
             Alcaparossa and Santos, have mine lives to 2027, 2023 and 2022 respectively.


                                                                     39




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                49/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      COBRE PANAMA MINING AND TECHNICAL INFORMATION
             Property and Ownership Interest
             Cobre Panama is a development property in Panama which is currently in construction (it is not currently an
             operating mine). First Quantum holds an indirect 80% interest in Minera Panama S.A. (“MPSA”), which holds the
             Cobre Panama concession. The remaining 20% interest in MPSA is held by Korea Panama Mining Corporation
             (“KPMC”), a 50/50 joint venture company whose ultimate shareholders are LS-Nikko Copper Inc. and Korean
             Resources Corporation.
             On February 9, 1997, MPSA was granted the mineral concession to explore and exploit Cobre Panama under
             Contract Law No. 9 of February 26, 1997 (“Law 9”). Law 9 has an initial 20-year term ending in 2017 and there are
             provisions for two consecutive 20-year extensions. Such extensions are standard and are awarded in the year the
             concession comes up for renewal. The legal regime established by Law 9 for the development of the Cobre Panama
             concession is supplemented by the Mineral Resource Code of Panama (the “Panama Mining Code”).
             On December 30, 2016 the Government of Panama signed and issued Resolution No. 128 by which it extended the
             Law 9 mining concession for a second 20 year term which commenced March 1, 2017 up to February 28, 2037. The
             initial 20 year term of the Law 9 mining concession which commenced in February 1997 remained in effect in the
             interim period up to February 28, 2017. MPSA remains eligible for consideration of a third 20 year term of the Law
             9 mining concession commencing March 1, 2037.
             Under Law 9, MPSA has the rights to explore for, extract, exploit, beneficiate, process, refine, transport, sell and
             market the gold, copper and other mineral deposits on the Cobre Panama concession. MPSA is required to pay a 2%
             royalty on “Negotiable Gross Production” which is defined as “the gross amount received from the buyer due to the
             sale (of concentrates) after deductions of all smelting costs, penalties and other deductions, and after deducting all
             transportation costs and insurance incurred in their transfer from the mine to the smelter” to the Government of
             Panama. Law 9 also grants to MPSA rights of way on state-owned lands and easements to use surface lands on
             concessions adjacent to the Cobre Panama concession; the right to build, maintain and use such lands; and
             easements for use to build, install, maintain and use facilities and installations that MPSA deems convenient for the
             development of the Cobre Panama concession.
             Land required for the provision of mine facilities, including waste rock storage and tailings facilities, stockpiles, mill
             and port sties, has been acquired or leased by MPSA in accordance with its rights under Law 9. Mine expansion,
             including mining of the Balboa, Botija Abajo and Brazo deposits and adjacent waste rock dumping, will require
             access to additional properties covering up to 6,800 hectares. MPSA intends to initiate the acquisition of these
             properties in accordance with the procedures established by Law 9 and other applicable Panamanian laws.
             Corporate income tax under Law 9 is payable at a rate of 25% on taxable earnings which is exempted for the period
             during which MPSA has outstanding debt relating to the construction and development of the project.
             Location, Access and Infrastructure
             The Cobre Panama concession is 120 kilometres west of Panama City and 20 kilometres from the Caribbean Sea
             coast, in the District of Donoso, Colon Province, in the Republic of Panama. It includes four zones and covers an
             area of 12,955.1 hectares. There is no industrial development in the area of the concession and the region is sparsely
             populated. The primary occupation of the local residents is subsistence farming. The nearest community, the village
             of Coclecito (population 900), is 12 kilometres southeast of the plant site. The city of Penonomé, which has a
             population of 25,000, is 49 kilometres southeast of Coclecito.
             The topography in the concession area is rugged with considerable local relief covered by dense forest. The area to
             the north is a lowland with minimal relief extending to the Caribbean coast. Climatic conditions are tropical with
             high precipitation levels, high humidity and relatively high temperatures year-round of 25 to 30 degrees Celsius.
             The project has two main development areas: the mine and plant site within the concession boundaries, and the port
             and power station at Punta Rincon, approximately 25 kilometres north of the plant site on the Caribbean coast. The
             Cobre Panama concession will be developed as a conventional truck and shovel open pit mine with a concentrator
             that uses proven technology (such as crushing, grinding or flotation) to produce copper-gold and molybdenum
             concentrates. The port and power plant site consists of a deep water berth for concentrate, and coal shipments, a
             conventional ship landing site and a 300 megawatt coal fired power plant. An access road has been constructed
             between the mine and each of the power plant site and the port. From 2015 to date, the port has been operational,
             with a significant number of project equipment deliveries having been received directly. New access roads and
             improvements to the existing access roads from Penonomé through La Pintada and Coclecito to the site have been
             constructed to permit safe access to the mine and plant site from the Pan-American Highway via the existing road
             from Penonomé.


                                                                        40




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                       50/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             History
             In 2005, Inmet Mining Corporation (“Inmet”), Petaquilla Minerals Ltd. and Teck Cominco Limited (the
             shareholders of MPSA at that time) entered into an agreement to develop a copper project on the concession for the
             Cobre Panama property in phases, subject to approval by the Government of Panama. During the course of 2008
             Inmet acquired sole ownership of MPSA. In October 2009, Inmet entered into an agreement with KPMC that gave
             KPMC the option to acquire a 20% or 30% interest in MPSA. During 2012, KPMC exercised its option and acquired
             a 20% interest in MPSA.
             First Quantum acquired its indirect 80% interest in Cobre Panama through its acquisition of Inmet in 2013.
             Geological Setting and Mineralization; Exploration and Drilling
             Mineralization at Cobre Panama consists of several disseminated copper-gold-molybdenum deposits. Known
             geologically as porphyry copper deposits, these are typical of the Western Cordillera of the Americas and other
             regions around the Pacific Ocean basin.
             During a regional survey in 1968, a United Nations Development Program team discovered copper, gold and
             molybdenum porphyry mineralization in the Petaquilla River region of north-central Panama. A total of 1,805
             diamond drill holes totaling 346,294 metres have been drilled from discovery to August 2013. Exploration has
             outlined the several porphyry deposits, which developed around granodioritic stocks within and peripheral to the
             Oligocene Petaquilla batholith. Epithermal gold mineralization has also been identified in a more distal setting to the
             batholith.
             The porphyry deposits occur at the southern margin of a large granodioritic batholith of mid-Oligocene age. The
             main deposits are Balboa, Botija, Colina and Valle Grande. There are also a number of smaller zones, the most
             significant being Brazo and Botija Abajo.
             All of the porphyry style mineralization on the property is hosted in granodiorite, feldspar-quartz-hornblende
             porphyry and adjacent andesitic volcanic rocks. The porphyry at Balboa intruded passively toward the south from a
             source located northwest of the deposit and is also thought to be influenced by a high angle structure to the west of
             the deposit. At Botija, a number of north dipping feldspar-quartz-hornblende dikes cut the granodiorite. Two roof
             pendants of andesitic volcanic rock occur in the central and eastern parts of the deposit. At Colina, mineralization is
             associated with an east-southeasterly trending, shallow north-dipping 2.5 kilometre by 1 kilometre feldspar-quartz-
             hornblende porphyry sill and dyke complex that intrudes granodiorite and andesitic volcanic rocks. The Valle
             Grande zone is associated with a southeast trending feldspar-quartz-hornblende porphyry lopolith that is bounded to
             the north and south by andesitic volcanics and minor granodioritic dykes. At Brazo and Botija Abajo the host rock is
             dominantly feldspar-quartz or feldspar-quartz-hornblende porphyry.
             Hydrothermal alteration along the Cobre Panama mineral trend is primarily silica-chlorite which is interpreted to be
             a form of propylitic alteration. Potassic alteration, consisting of salmon coloured potassium feldspar and secondary
             biotite is seen in the central parts of Botija. Argillic and phyllic alteration is patchy in the three main deposits with
             the latter variety being most prevalent near the tops of the deposits. At Brazo, pervasive sericite, clay and pyrite is
             associated with well-developed quartz stockworks.
             Hypogene sulphides occur as disseminations, micro-veinlets, fracture fillings and quartz-sulphide stockworks.
             Chalcopyrite is the dominant copper mineral with lesser bornite. Traces of molybdenite are commonly found in
             quartz veinlets. There is no significant zone of supergene enrichment at Botija, Colina and Valle Grande. At Brazo,
             supergene mineralization consisting of chalcocite-coated pyrite and rare native copper occurs to a depth of at least
             150 metres.
             Sampling, Analysis and Data Verification
             Samples from MPSA drilling were placed within aluminum trays and dried in ovens. Once dry, the entire sample
             was crushed in a Rocklabs Boyd crusher, with sieve tests conducted regularly to ensure that the material was being
             crushed to the appropriate size. The equipment was cleaned after every sample using high-pressure air and after
             every tenth sample a coarse blank sample was passed through the crusher. The crushed sample material was split
             using a Jones rifle splitter and a 500 gram aliquot taken for assay. The aliquot was placed in a small plastic bag
             which was heat sealed and marked with a bar-coded sample tag. The reject material was returned to the original
             sample bag and stored on site.
             The sample aliquots were shipped by air courier to ALS Chemex Lima in Lima, Peru, for analysis. Umpire assay
             checks and secondary assay work was conducted by Acme Santiago in Santiago, Chile. Both labs have ISO/IEC
             17025-2005 certification. Residual pulps were stored at either ALS Chemex in Lima, Perú, or at a storage warehouse
             at First Quantum’s Minera Antares office in Arequipa, Peru.
             All assay samples were kept in a locked facility on site until they were ready for shipment. Samples for a given hole
             were batched once the entire hole had been logged and sampled. Samples were collected into larger bags in batches
             of approximately 90 samples per bag. Samples to be assayed for sequential copper were batched into bags of 20 to
             25 samples. Several times a week, the samples were dispatched by road to a secure warehouse in Penonomé by
             MPSA staff. While in


                                                                        41




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                      51/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             storage, generally for less than two days, samples were kept under locked conditions until picked up by DHL cargo
             shipping. DHL then airfreighted the samples to ALS Chemex Laboratory in Lima, Peru.
             A detailed review of all the historical and current QA/QC practices, QA/QC data and historical QA/QC reports at
             Cobre Panama has been undertaken by First Quantum in order to determine the accuracy, precision and bias present
             in the drillhole assay data for the project area, in order to determine suitability for mineral resource estimation.
             While a systemized program of QA/QC sampling was not fully implemented until 2006, numerous programs of
             check analysis were undertaken to compare each program of drilling to historic drilling undertaken by previous
             owners. Similarly, routine review of the QA/QC data and results did not occur until the MPSA drilling programs.
             Reviews and corrections of any errors identified are currently completed on a quarterly basis. MPSA is currently
             importing and validating all the Cobre Panama drillhole data into a corporate database, including all the historic
             QA/QC data collected over the life of the project. The sampling QA/QC results and the related studies demonstrate
             that sample assay data is representative of the mineralisation sampled and that it is appropriate for use in the Mineral
             Resource estimation. In addition, data verification completed by FQM supports that data used in the Mineral
             Resource estimate is similarly adequate.
             Labour
             At December 31, 2016, First Quantum employed approximately 5,325 persons at Cobre Panama directly, in addition
             to approximately 2,200 contractors and subcontractors.
             Environmental Permits
             In December 2011, the Government of Panama, through Autoridad Nacional del Ambiente (the Panamanian national
             environmental authority), approved the project environmental and social impact assessment required for
             development of the Cobre Panama copper project, including the mining operations and related infrastructure, the
             port facility, and the coal-fired power plant.
             Development Plan
             Since First Quantum’s acquisition of Cobre Panama, First Quantum’s primary focus was to critically review and
             stabilize all activities and focus on the key elements of the project development, the construction and contracting
             plan, and implementation of practical site infrastructure.
             On January 27, 2014, First Quantum announced that estimated capital expenditure to develop Cobre Panama would
             be approximately $6.4 billion, inclusive of $913 million incurred prior to the acquisition of Inmet. In 2015, the
             estimated capital costs were reviewed in detail and reappraised, and on October 5, 2015 First Quantum announced a
             revised estimated total project cost of $5.95 billion. A further detailed review of the Cobre Panama capital budget
             was performed again in early 2016, which resulted in a revised capital cost estimate of $5.48 billion.
             Capital expenditure for Cobre Panama in 2016 was $764 million (First Quantum’s share $458 million), and the
             planned total net capital expenditure for 2017 is expected to be approximately $1,060 million (First Quantum’s share
             $640 million).
             Project spending to the end of 2016 amounted to $3.5 billion, including $0.7 billion contributed by KPMC. The
             estimated costs for completion of $2.0 billion are expected to be met by an additional contribution from KPMC of
             $0.4 billion. $0.5 billion payable by Franco-Nevada under the precious metal stream agreement and $1.0 billion by
             First Quantum.
             The re-engineered project is now based on an ore feed ramp-up to 74 million tonnes per annum (“Mtpa”) by 2019,
             followed by an increase to 90 Mtpa by 2023. On the basis of the current Mineral Reserve estimate and the planned
             processing capacity, the life of operations is 40 years.
             During the period when processing at the 90 Mtpa rate, average annual copper production is approximately 311,000
             tonnes of recovered metal (reaching a maximum of approximately 397,000 tonnes of recovered metal).
             Over the life of operations, the average annual by-product production is expected to be 97,000 ounces of recovered
             gold, 1,570,000 ounces of recovered silver and 2,570 tonnes of recovered molybdenum. The average copper feed
             grade is expected to be 0.42% total copper for the first 10 years and 0.35% total copper for the remaining operations
             life. The average life‑of‑mine strip ratio (tonnes) is 1:1.
             The port is fully operational, having received numerous direct international shipments, and is also now permitted for
             importation of coal and exportation of copper concentrate. Early priority is being given to the completion of the
             power station, taking advantage of virtually all required material being available on site. Remedial repairs were
             required for some materials and equipment which had deteriorated after having been delivered early and stored
             outdoors. With these remedial repairs essentially completed, the overall installation works have progressed well.
             The planning and readiness effort for the operations phase of Cobre Panama is underway. The operations readiness
             plan includes recruitment of staff, development of operating systems, and training of Panamanian employee skills
             across the port, power plant, mine and process plant.


                                                                       42




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                     52/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             The estimated pre-strip volume required for ore exposure, dewatering infrastructure and installation of in-pit
             crushing and conveying at the Botija pit is currently forecast at 57Mbcm but remains under review. As at December
             31, 2016, the completed pre-strip volume was 27.1Mbcm representing 47% of the current forecast total. In
             December 2016, the evaluation of equipment bids for the mining fleet at the Cobre Panama operations was
             completed and the first ultra-sized truck orders were placed in January 2017.
             Mining Operations
             Mining at Cobre Panama will involve large scale and conventional open pit methods at up to approximately
             80 Mbcm of ore and waste mined per annum. The multiple pits will be mined in an optimized sequence and in
             phases, with ore crushed in-pit and conveyed overland to the nearby processing plant.
             Processing and Recovery
             The processing plant design is based upon a conventional sulphide ore flotation circuit, with differential flotation to
             produce separate copper and molybdenum concentrate products. Plant tailings will be directed into areas of valley
             fill and into the depleted open pits.
             The predominantly copper/molybdenum sulphide ore is amenable to conventional differential flotation processing,
             with lesser gold and silver recovered into the copper and gravity concentrate.
             Various metallurgical test work programs have been undertaken on the Cobre Panama project since 1968,
             commensurate with the various levels of preliminary feasibility and prefeasibility studies that were completed up
             until 1998.
             In 1997 an extensive program of metallurgical testing was designed to confirm earlier studies on the metallurgical
             response of the Botija and Colina ores. Work included grinding, flotation, dewatering and mineralogical testing.
             Further testing was completed, including locked-cycle flotation testwork and modal analysis to assist in defining
             grind requirements for both rougher and cleaner flotation. Copper-molybdenum separation by means of differential
             flotation was also tested.
             Confirmatory batch laboratory flotation testwork was conducted during 2014. Based on all of this testwork, variable
             processing recovery relationships were determined for copper and gold, while fixed recovery values were
             determined for molybdenum and silver. The design recoveries vary for each deposit, as summarized in the table
             below.
               Deposit                                                                                     Recovery
                                                                     Cu (%)                              Mo (%)                  Au (%)              Ag (%)
                                                                  MAX(0,MIN(96,                                               MIN(80,MAX(0,
               Botija                                     ((5.8287*LOG(%Cu))+95.775)))                    55.0%       (15.993*LOG(Auppm))+92.138))   47.3%
                                                                  MAX(0,MIN(96,                                               MIN(80,MAX(0,
               Colina                                     ((5.8287*LOG(%Cu))+95.775)))                    55.0%       (15.993*LOG(Auppm))+92.138))   47.3%
                                                                  MAX(0,MIN(96,                                               MIN(80,MAX(0,
               Medio                                      ((5.8287*LOG(%Cu))+95.775)))                    55.0%       (15.993*LOG(Auppm))+92.138))   47.3%
                                                                  MAX(0,MIN(96,                                               MIN(80,MAX(0,
               Valle Grande                              ((5.8287*LOG(%Cu))+95.775))-4)                   52.0%       (15.993*LOG(Auppm))+92.138))   47.3%
                                                                                                                              MAX(0,MIN(80,
               Balboa                                MIN(96,((2.4142*LOG(cutpct))+92.655))                55.0%       (7.6009*LOG(Auppm))+85.198))   40.0%
               Botija Abajo                                6.6135*Ln(Cu%) + 92.953                        55.0%                   50.0%              30.0%
               Brazo                                       6.6135*Ln(Cu%) + 92.953                        55.0%                   50.0%              30.0%

             The copper concentrate product will be piped as a slurry to the port site on the northern side of the country (on the
             Caribbean Sea), from where it will be loaded onto vessels for shipping to world markets. The molybdenum
             concentrate will be delivered to the port by road and shipped in bulk bags.
             Project power will be generated by a coal-fired power station at the port site and transmitted to the mine site along a
             new access corridor, which also incorporates the concentrate pipeline.
             Capital and Operating Expenses
             The capital and operating costs for 2017 are set out in the following table:
                Total Capital Cost(1) estimate ($m)                         1,060
                Operating cost                                              n/a
                Labour, contractors and maintenance                         n/a
                Supplies, power and fuel                                    n/a
                Other                                                       n/a
             (1)    Includes $610 million of First Quantum’s share to spend with $410 million from third parties.




                                                                                               43




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                           53/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             The overall capital cost is set out in the following table:
                                                       Incurred Pre-            Incurred as at December 31,
               Area                                      Acquisition                                  2016                Total Capex
                                                                $M                                     $M                         $M
               Mining                                             —                                    201                         679
               Process Plant                                      62                                   387                       1,111
               Power Plant                                       209                                   531                         632
               Port                                               —                                    304                         383
               Infrastructure                                    480                                   396                         486
               Indirects                                         162                                 1,661                       2,193
               Total Project                                     913                                 3,480                       5,484

             Development Timeframe
             The re-engineered and larger project is scheduled for phased commissioning during 2018 and continued ramp-up
             during 2019 as set out below.

                                                                                                                 Target
             Activity                                                                                            Timeframe
             230kV overland power line complete                                                                         Q2 2017
             Set 1 (150MW) power station commences output                                                               Q4 2017
             Set 2 (150MW) power station commences output                                                               Q2 2018
             Tailings management facility complete                                                                         2018
             Process plant construction complete                                                                        Q3 2018
             Process commissioning                                                                                      H2 2018
             Continued Ramp Up                                                                                             2019

             Mineral Resource and Reserves
             The four main deposits are Balboa, Botija, Colina and Valle Grande. There are also a number of smaller zones, the
             most significant being Brazo and Botija Abajo. There has been significant exploration drilling in this region giving
             the project a life of mine of 40 years.
             Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves were updated by First Quantum in June 2015.
                       Mineral Resources
             The Mineral Resource estimate for Cobre Panama inclusive of Mineral Reserves, is presented below and reflects the
             position as at December 31, 2016.
                                                                                                                               TCu          Mo
               Deposit                                                                      Category       Tonnes (Mt)            %           %       Au g/t      Ag g/t
               Botija                                                                       Measured              336           0.46       0.008       0.10        1.35
               Botija                                                                       Indicated             672           0.35       0.007       0.06        1.08
               Colina                                                                       Indicated           1,032           0.39       0.007       0.06        1.58
               Medio                                                                        Indicated             602           0.36       0.006       0.04        1.37
               Valle Grande                                                                 Indicated              63           0.28       0.004       0.03        0.96
               Balboa                                                                       Indicated             647           0.35       0.002       0.08        1.37
               Botija Abajo                                                                 Indicated             114           0.31       0.004       0.06        0.93
               Brazo                                                                        Indicated             228           0.36       0.004       0.05        0.81
               Total Measured and Indicated                                                                     3,695           0.37       0.006       0.07        1.32
               Botija                                                                       Inferred              152           0.23       0.004       0.03        0.78
               Colina                                                                       Inferred              125           0.26       0.006       0.05        1.20
               Medio                                                                        Inferred              363           0.29       0.005       0.03        1.14
               Valle Grande                                                                 Inferred              189           0.25       0.005       0.03        1.25
               Balboa                                                                       Inferred               79           0.23       0.003       0.04        0.96
               Botija Abajo                                                                 Inferred               67           0.27       0.005       0.06        1.25
               Brazo                                                                        Inferred               76           0.21       0.003       0.01        0.73
               Total Inferred                                                                                   1,051           0.26       0.005       0.04        1.08
             Notes:
             (1)        Mineral Resources have been reported inclusive of Mineral Reserves. Mineral Resources that are not Mineral Reserves do not have demonstrated
                       economic viability.
             (2)        Mineral Resources have been estimated using a 0.15% copper cut-off grade.



                                                                                         44




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                                        54/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                         Mineral Reserves
             The Mineral Reserve estimate for Cobre Panama is presented below and reflects the position as at December 31,
             2016. The Mineral Reserve estimate for Cobre Panama is entirely within the Measured and Indicated Mineral
             Resource estimate shown in the table of Mineral Resources above.
               Deposit                                                      Category                           Tonnes (Mt)         TCu %        Mo ppm         Au g/t      Ag g/t
               Botija                                                       Total Proven                            345.6            0.45        74.88          0.10        1.33
                                                                            Total Probable                          603.5            0.35        70.79          0.07        1.10
                                                                            Sub Total Proven &
                                                                            Probable                                   949.1          0.39          72.28        0.08        1.19
               Colina & Medio                                               Total Proven                                   -             -              -           -           -
                                                                            Total Probable                           1,009.9          0.39          66.27        0.06        1.59
                                                                            Sub Total Proven &
                                                                            Probable                                 1,009.9          0.39          66.27        0.06        1.59
               Valle Grande                                                 Total Proven                                   -             -              -           -           -
                                                                            Total Probable                             566.0          0.36          67.02        0.05        1.39
                                                                            Sub Total Proven &
                                                                            Probable                                   566.0          0.36          67.02        0.05        1.39
               Balboa                                                       Total Proven                                   -             -              -           -           -
                                                                            Total Probable                             437.1          0.35          16.10        0.08        1.36
                                                                            Sub Total Proven &
                                                                            Probable                                   437.1          0.35          16.10        0.08        1.36
               BABR (Botija Abajo and Brazo)                                Total Proven                                   -             -              -           -           -
                                                                            Total Probable                             220.5          0.40          41.25        0.07        0.87
                                                                            Sub Total Proven &
                                                                            Probable                                   220.5          0.40          41.25        0.07        0.87
               Total Mineral Reserve                                        Total Proven                               345.6          0.45          74.88        0.10        1.33
                                                                            Total Probable                           2,836.9          0.37          57.71        0.06        1.36
                                                                            Total Proven &
                                                                            Probable                                 3,182.5          0.38          59.57        0.07        1.35
             Notes:
             (1)          The actual cut-off grade for the estimate varies due to variable processing recovery, but otherwise reflects a longer-term consensus copper price of
                         $3.00/lb, a molybdenum price of $13.50/lb, a gold price of $1,200/oz and a silver price of $16.00/oz.
             (2)          A cut-off grade optimization strategy was adopted for the Mineral Reserve estimation process, whereby an elevated 0.2% copper cut-off grade was
                         adopted for the period up to 2040, then followed by a period of marginal cut-off grade plant feed for the remainder of the mine life. The impact of this
                         strategy is that the initial production years are protected from copper price volatility which could otherwise impact the economics of marginal grade plant
                         feed at this time.

             Economic Analysis
             An economic analysis in the form of an undiscounted cash-flow model was completed to support the Mineral
             Reserve estimate. The annual revenues are calculated from the same metal prices as used in the pit optimization
             process:
                         · Copper = $3.00/lb ($6,615/t)
                         · Molybdenum = $13.50/lb ($29,762/t)
                         · Gold = $1,200/oz
                         · Silver = $16.00/oz
             The payable metal factors are:
             · Copper = 96.43%
             · Molybdenum = 86.20%
             ·   Gold = 86.00%
             ·   Silver = 80.00%
             All mining expenditures incurred prior to commercial production is included in the $5,485 million capital estimate.



                                                                                              45




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                                                    55/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                        SELECTED MINERAL ASSET SUMMARY DESCRIPTIONS
             The following asset descriptions should be read with the following considerations:
                    •   Except where otherwise stated, information of a technical nature in the asset descriptions, including all of
                        the mine information, is based solely on information publicly disclosed by the owners or operators of these
                        properties and information/data available in the public domain as of March 14, 2017. None of this
                        information has been independently verified by Franco-Nevada or its consultants. See “Technical and
                        Third Party Information”.
                    •   Each asset is described in a comparable manner as reported by the property owner or operator, unless
                        otherwise noted. As a result, units of measurement and numbers of significant digits may not be consistent
                        between asset descriptions.
                    •   Some information publicly reported by owners or operators may relate to a larger property than the area
                        covered by Franco-Nevada’s royalty or stream interest.
                    •   Schematic representations of the properties are meant to be indicative of Franco-Nevada’s understanding of
                        what it is permitted to publicly disclose of the positioning of its royalty or stream interests relative to
                        current operations and should not be treated as fully scaled or complete representations from the operators
                        of those projects.

                        Goldstrike, Nevada
             Franco-Nevada holds royalties covering the majority of the Goldstrike complex operated by Barrick which remains
             one of Barrick’s core mines. The Goldstrike complex is located on the Carlin Trend, about 60 km northwest of the
             town of Elko, Nevada. The Goldstrike complex includes the open-pit Betze-Post mine, as well as the underground
             operations of Meikle and Rodeo immediately to the north. Mining activity commenced on the property in 1976 and,
             since 1987, has been operated by Barrick. Franco-Nevada holds NSR (2-4%) and NPI (2.4-6%) royalties at
             Goldstrike covering the majority of the reported Mineral Reserves and Mineral Resources. These estimates include
             low grade ore that has been stockpiled. The royalties vary depending on the claim blocks, as shown in the figure. As
             a result, royalty payments can vary substantially on a quarterly basis, depending on mine sequencing and waste
             stripping. The timing of capital investments can also impact the timing of the payment of profit royalties.
             Production at the Goldstrike complex increased to 1,096,000 ounces in 2016 from 1,053,000 ounces in 2015.
             However, this included production from the nearby South Arturo deposit (Franco-Nevada has a separate royalty on
             this property) so production from the Goldstrike open-pit and underground operations actually decreased year-over-
             year. The decrease in production negatively impacted the NSR royalty payments which was largely offset by the
             increase in NPI royalty payments due to the completion of the thiosulfate processing method (“TCM”). With the
             completion of the TCM, NPI payments were positively impacted due to the reduction in capital spending. For 2017,
             Barrick expects to produce between 910,000-950,000 ounces at an all-in sustaining cost of $910/oz-$980/oz. The
             majority of production is expected from the Goldstrike operations as Phase 2 mining of the South Arturo deposit is
             expected to be completed during 2017.
                                                                      Goldstrike




                                                                         46



file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                    56/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   57/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                       Sudbury, Ontario
             Franco-Nevada acquired three precious metals streams in the Sudbury basin of Ontario with its acquisition of Gold
             Wheaton Gold Corp. (“Gold Wheaton”) in March 2011. Franco-Nevada is entitled to purchase 50% of the precious
             metals contained in ore produced from the footwall portions of three separate mines and makes ongoing payments
             equal to the lesser of $424 per ounce of payable gold (subject to an inflation adjustment of 1% per year which
             commenced July 2011) and the spot price for gold. At the time of acquisition by Franco-Nevada, the mines were
             operated by Quadra FNX Mining Ltd. (“Quadra FNX”) which was acquired by KGHM International Ltd.
             (“KGHM”) in March 2012. The three mines are the operating Levack (Morrison deposit) mine and the Podolsky
             and McCreedy West mines which are both currently on care and maintenance. The footwall deposits are primarily
             rich in palladium followed by platinum and gold. KGHM does not have processing facilities in Sudbury and sells the
             ore to third parties for processing. The stream is calculated based on contained precious metals in the delivered ore
             rather than payable metals.
             Levack (Morrison deposit): This mine has been in production since 2007 and is currently the only source of
             production from the Sudbury stream agreements. In late 2011, Quadra FNX and Xstrata Nickel entered into a life of
             mine agreement which allowed Quadra FNX to utilize the neighbouring underground infrastructure of Xstrata
             Nickel’s Craig mine. A new ramp driven from the 4900 foot level of the Craig shaft allowed access to the 5040 foot
             level for diamond drilling and potential Mineral Reserve and Mineral Resource expansion.
             McCreedy West Mine: The stream agreement applies to the PM and 700 deposits at the McCreedy West mine.
             McCreedy West ceased mining of the precious metal-rich ores in the PM deposit in 2011. Glencore cancelled its off-
             take contract for nickel ores in 2014 and the mine was placed on care and maintenance.
             Podolsky Mine: The stream agreement applies to the 2000 and North deposits at the Podolsky mine which started
             production in 2008. Podolsky was put on care and maintenance in the third quarter of 2013.


                                                                    Picture 9




                                                                      47




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                  58/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                       Guadalupe-Palmarejo, Mexico
             Since January 2009, Franco-Nevada has received 50% of the gold produced from the Palmarejo operation located in
             Chihuahua Province, Mexico which is owned and operated by Coeur. Palmarejo is a silver project with a
             considerable gold by-product.
             In June 2014, Franco-Nevada agreed to terminate the existing stream agreement once Coeur has delivered the
             minimum 400,000 ounce obligation under that agreement. The minimum obligation was met in the third quarter of
             2016. In June 2014, Franco-Nevada also entered into a new 50% gold stream with Coeur on the Palmarejo project
             with ongoing payments equal to the lesser of $800 per ounce (no inflation provision) and the then prevailing spot
             price for gold for each ounce delivered under the new gold stream agreement. The restructured agreement improves
             mine economics for Coeur and extends the mine life of the entire Palmarejo operation. This agreement continues to
             apply to the extensive land position totaling over 1,200 km2. Franco-Nevada provided an upfront $22 million deposit
             to be used to partially fund the development of the Guadalupe underground mine on the Palmarejo property.
             In 2016, Franco-Nevada received 29,328 ounces under the original Palmarejo agreement and 7,058 ounces under the
             revised agreement. With the acquisition of the Independencia deposit in 2014, of which only a portion is subject to
             the stream agreement, Coeur is processing both Independencia and Guadalupe ore through the Palmarejo mill. In
             2016, open pit and underground operations at Palmarejo were completed while underground operations at
             Guadalupe and Independencia steadily accelerated, reaching a mining rate of approximately 2,400 and 1,000 tons
             per day, respectively, as of year-end. Coeur is targeting a combined mining rate of 4,500 tons per day by year-end
             2017. For 2017, Coeur expects to produce between 110,000-120,000 ounces of gold but does not provide a
             breakdown of what is expected from Guadalupe/ Independencia West (stream ground) and Independencia East (non-
             stream ground). The two deposits, Guadalupe and Independencia, remain open at depth and along strike with $14
             million in exploration planned for 2017 versus a total of $11.2 million spent in 2016.


                                                                  Picture 12




                                                                     48




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                59/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                       MWS, South Africa
             Franco-Nevada, as a result of its acquisition of Gold Wheaton in March 2011, receives 25% of gold produced from
             the Mine Waste Solutions (“MWS”) project. MWS is a gold and uranium tailings recovery operation located near
             Stilfontein, approximately 160 km west of Johannesburg, South Africa. The operation processes multiple tailings
             dumps in the area through three production modules. It also includes a modern tailings storage facility
             approximately 15 km from the gold plant. Franco-Nevada makes ongoing payments equal to the lesser of
             $420/ounce of payable gold (subject to a 1% annual inflation that commenced December 2012) and the spot price
             for gold.
             AngloGold Ashanti Limited (“AngloGold Ashanti”) purchased the operation from First Uranium Corporation in
             July 2012. As part of the AngloGold Ashanti purchase, Franco-Nevada amended the agreement and is now entitled
             to receive 25% of all the gold produced through the MWS plant including treatment of AngloGold Ashanti’s tailings
             until Franco-Nevada has received 312,500 ounces of gold, starting on January 1, 2012 (the prior agreement had no
             production cap). In 2016, Franco-Nevada was delivered 22,919 ounces of gold of which 21,616 ounces were sold.
             As at December 31, 2016, Franco-Nevada has sold 113,651 ounces of the 312,500 ounce cap since the amendment
             of the agreement. Franco-Nevada expects similar deliveries in 2017 as it received in 2016.


                                                                   map41




                                                                    49




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                              60/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                       Sabodala, Senegal
             In December 2013, Franco-Nevada provided Teranga with $135 million to fund the acquisition by Teranga of the
             remaining interests of the Oromin Joint Venture (“OJVG”). The OJVG owned the adjacent property which hosts
             several deposits representing future ore sources for Teranga’s neighbouring Sabodala mill. With the acquisition,
             Teranga now controls a sizable land package of 1,055 km2 which includes much of a 70 km strike length along a
             prospective greenstone belt.
             Under the terms of the agreement between Franco-Nevada and Teranga, Teranga will deliver 22,500 ounces of gold
             annually over the first six years of the agreement. Following delivery of 135,000 ounces of gold, Franco-Nevada
             will receive 6% of gold production that is sourced from either the Sabodala or OJVG properties. Franco-Nevada will
             make ongoing payments for each ounce of gold delivered equal to 20% of the spot gold price. As of the end of 2016,
             Teranga has delivered 67,500 ounces (Franco-Nevada has sold 65,625 ounces).
             Sabodala produced a record 216,735 ounces in 2016 versus 182,282 ounces in 2015. 2016 production exceeded
             guidance of 200,000-215,000 ounces. For 2017, Teranga expects to produce between 205,000-225,000 ounces from
             Sabodala. Teranga estimates a mine life for Sabodala of over 13 years based on existing Mineral Resources.


                                                                  Picture 14




                                                                    50




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                               61/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      RESERVES DATA AND OTHER OIL & GAS INFORMATION
             GLJ was engaged by Franco-Nevada to evaluate the crude oil & natural gas reserves of its producing Canadian
             Oil & Gas properties and the value of future net revenue attributable to such reserves. GLJ has prepared a report in
             accordance with the requirements of NI 51-101. The GLJ Report has an effective date of December 31, 2016 and a
             preparation date of March 3, 2017. The GLJ Report was prepared using assumptions and methodology guidelines
             outlined in the Canadian Oil and Gas Evaluation Handbook (the “COGE Handbook”). This AIF does not include
             land, production or reserves attributable to Franco‑Nevada’s acquisition of royalty rights in the STACK shale play in
             Oklahoma’s Anadarko basin as such royalty rights are not material.
             With the recent acquisition of significant precious metals streams by the Corporation, Franco-Nevada’s oil and gas
             assets comprise a smaller portion of its overall portfolio. Franco-Nevada will continue to assess the materiality of its
             oil and gas assets to determine the extent to which it will provide oil and gas reserves data in the future.
             All evaluations of future revenue contained in the GLJ Report are after the deduction of associated royalties,
             operating and development costs, abandonment and reclamation costs, but before consideration of indirect costs
             such as general and administrative, overhead recovery and other miscellaneous expenses. The estimated future net
             revenues contained in the following tables do not necessarily represent the fair market value of the reserves. There is
             no assurance that the forecast price and cost assumptions contained in the GLJ Report will be attained and variances
             could be material. Other assumptions and qualifications relating to costs and other matters are included in the notes
             to the tables. The recovery and reserves estimates described herein are estimates only. The actual reserves may be
             greater or less than those calculated.
             Oil & Gas Abbreviations and Conversions
             Oil & Natural Gas Liquids                                          Natural Gas
             Bbl        barrel                                                  Bcf       billion cubic feet
             bbls/d     barrels per day                                         Mcf       thousand cubic feet
             Mbbls/d thousand barrels per day                                   MMcf      million cubic feet
             MMbbls million barrels                                             MMcf/d million cubic feet per day
             NGLs       natural gas liquids                                     MMBtu million British thermal units
             Boe        barrel of oil equivalent of natural gas and crude oil   Mcfe      thousand cubic feet of gas equivalent
                        on the basis of 1 Boe for 6 Mcf of natural gas or
                        1bbl of oil
             Boe/d      barrels of oil equivalent per day
             Mboe       thousand barrels of oil equivalent
             Mboe/d     thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day
             MMboe      million barrels of oil equivalent
             WTI        West Texas Intermediate
             API        American Petroleum Institute
             Oil & Gas Information Advisory
             In this AIF, certain natural gas volumes have been converted to barrels of oil equivalent on the basis of six Mcf to
             one bbl. Boe, Mboe, MMboe and related terms may be misleading, particularly if used in isolation. A conversion
             ratio of six Mcf to one bbl is based on an energy equivalency conversion method primarily applicable at the
             burner tip and does not represent value equivalency at the wellhead. The estimates of reserves and future net
             revenue for individual properties may not reflect the same confidence level as estimates of reserves and future net
             revenue for all properties, due to the effects of aggregation. Estimates of future net revenue presented below do
             not represent fair market value.
             Reserves Data (Forecast Prices and Costs)
             The following table sets forth a summary of the crude oil & natural gas reserves and the value of future net revenue
             of Franco‑Nevada’s Canadian assets as at December 31, 2016 as evaluated by GLJ in the GLJ Report using forecast
             prices and costs. The pricing used in the forecast price evaluation is set forth below under the heading “Forecast
             Prices and Costs”.


                                                                       51




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                     62/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             Some of the tables may not add due to rounding. All reserves are in Canada. See “Cautionary Regarding Mineral
             and Oil and Gas Reserve and Resource Estimates”.
                                    Light and                                                     Conventional                                                         Total Oil
                                    Medium Oil           Heavy Oil             Tight Oil          Natural Gas              Shale Gas            NGLs                   Equivalent
               RESERVES             Gross    Net         Gross   Net           Gross     Net      Gross    Net             Gross     Net        Gross      Net         Gross     Net
               CATEGORY             (Mbbl) (Mbbl)        (Mbbl) (Mbbl)         (Mbbl) (Mbbl)      (MMcf) (MMcf)            (MMcf) (MMcf)        (Mbbl)     (Mbbl)      (Mboe) (Mboe)
               Proved
                 Developed                                                                                        4,808
                   Producing        15,728    14,911         —           7        —          —             1                   —           —        168        305     15,897    16,024
                 Developed Non-                                                                                     54
                   Producing           321       278         —          —         —          —         —                       —           —         —           2        321       289
                 Undeveloped         2,784     2,569         —          —         —          —         —             —         —           —         —          —       2,784     2,569
               Total Proved         18,834    17,758         —           7        —          —          1         4,862        —           —        168        307     19,002    18,882
               Total Probable        7,497     6,847         —           3        —          —         —          1,788        —           —         56        110      7,553     7,258
               Total Proved Plus                                                                                  6,650
                 Probable           26,331    24,605         —           9        —          —             1                   —           —        224        417     26,555    26,140


             The following tables set forth the net present value of future net revenue attributable to the reserves categories
             referred to above, before and after deducting future income tax expenses, calculated without discount and using a
             discount rate of 5%, 10%, 15% and 20%:
                                                             Net Present Values of Future Net Revenue                                Net Present Values of Future Net Revenue
             RESERVES                                       Before Income Taxes Discounted At (%/year)                              After Income Taxes Discounted At (%/year)
             CATEGORY                                       0%         5%         10%         15%      20%                         0%         5%        10%        15%        20%
                                                                              (C$000)                                                                (C$000)

             Proved
                 Developed Producing                     658,953    427,971        315,952       250,983        208,810     578,990      381,786     284,766         228,057    191,034
                 Developed Non-Producing                  19,389      9,839          6,055         4,171          3,072      14,154        7,183       4,421           3,046      2,244
                 Undeveloped                              74,827     36,339         17,467         7,777          2,443      51,139       25,982      12,394           5,302      1,389

             Total Proved                                753,169    474,149        339,474       262,930        214,324     644,283      414,951     301,581         236,405    194,667
             Total Probable                              456,139    225,241        130,507        84,135         58,499     329,001      163,969      95,130          61,332     42,649

             Total Proved Plus Probable                1,209,308    699,390        469,980       347,065        272,823     973,284      578,920     396,710         297,737    237,316


             The following table sets forth the undiscounted future net revenue attributable to proved and proved plus probable
             reserves (in total) as of December 31, 2016:
                                                                                                                                       Future Net                           Future Net
                                                                                                                                         Revenue                              Revenue
                                                                                                                Abandonment                Before          Future         After Income
                                                                             Operating   Development            & Reclamation         Income Tax      Income Tax                    Tax
                  Reserves Category           Revenue       Royalties            Costs          Costs                   Costs            Expenses        Expenses             Expenses
             Total Proved (C$000)            1,612,634       281,300           460,521         44,136                  73,508             753,169         108,887               644,283
             Total Proved Plus Probable
             (C$000)                         2,386,262       426,960           607,531            50,756                  91,707        1,209,308           236,024             973,284

             The following table sets forth the net present value of future net revenue (before deducting future income tax
             expenses), by product type, estimated using forecast prices and costs and calculated using a discount rate of 10%:
                                                                                                               Net present value of
                                                                                                                future net revenue
                                                                                                               before income taxes
                                                                                                               (discounted at 10%
                                                                                                                    per year)(3)
               Reserves Category                           Product Type                                              (C$000)                        C$/boe               C$/Mcfe
               Total Proved
                                                           Light and Medium Oil(1)                                            328,948                     18.34                  3.06
                                                           Heavy Oil(1)                                                           336                     21.54                  3.59
                                                           Conventional Natural Gas(2)                                         10,189                     10.90                  1.82
                                                           Total                                                              339,474                     17.98                  3.00
               Total Proved Plus Probable
                                                           Light and Medium Oil(1)                                            455,825                     18.35                  3.06
                                                           Heavy Oil(1)                                                           459                     21.02                  3.50
                                                           Conventional Natural Gas(2)                                         13,696                     10.69                  1.78
                                                           Total                                                              469,980                     17.98                  3.00

             (1)        Including solution gas and other by-products.
             (2)       Including by-products but excluding solution gas.
             (3) Other Company revenue and costs not related to a specific product type have been allocated proportionately to other product types. Unit values are based on the
                 Company’s net reserves.




                                                                                                 52




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                                                       63/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             Forecast Prices and Costs
             The following table sets forth forecast prices and costs pricing assumptions used in the GLJ Report with respect to
             net present values of future net revenue as well as the inflation rates used for operating and capital costs. GLJ is an
             independent qualified reserves evaluator appointed pursuant to NI 51-101. The crude oil & natural gas forecast
             prices are based on the January 1, 2017 posted price as determined by GLJ. The forecast price assumptions assume
             the continuance of current laws, regulations and operating costs in effect on the date of the GLJ Report. Prices for
             2016 reflect the Company’s historical weighted average price.
                                                   Light,                       Canadian
                                                   Sweet            WCS        Natural Gas                                     NGL
                                WTI @            Crude Oil         Stream         Price           NGL            NGL         Edmonton
                                Cushing          (40 API at       Quality at     (AECO-         Edmonton       Edmonton       Pentanes                     Exchange
                               Oklahoma          Edmonton)        Hardisty       C/NIT)          Propane        Butane          Plus         Inflation        Rate
                     Year      ($US/bbl)          ($C/bbl)         ($C/bbl)    ($C/MMbtu)        ($C/bbl)       ($C/bbl)      ($C/bbl)        %/year        $US/$C
                    2016A        43.30              52.95            38.84         2.19            13.03          34.36         56.12           1.5          0.7554
                     2017        55.00              69.33            53.32         3.46            28.43          49.92         72.11           2.0          0.7500
                     2018        59.00              72.26            56.79         3.10            26.74          54.19         74.79           2.0          0.7750
                     2019        64.00              75.00            61.27         3.27            26.25          56.25         78.75           2.0          0.8000
                     2020        67.00              76.36            63.00         3.49            26.73          57.27         79.80           2.0          0.8250
                     2021        71.00              78.82            65.90         3.67            27.59          59.12         82.37           2.0          0.8500
                     2022        74.00              82.35            69.42         3.86            28.82          61.76         86.06           2.0          0.8500
                     2023        77.00              85.88            72.91         4.05            30.06          64.41         89.32           2.0          0.8500
                     2024        80.00              89.41            76.45         4.16            31.29          67.06         92.99           2.0          0.8500
                     2025        83.00              92.94            79.93         4.24            32.53          69.71         97.59           2.0          0.8500
                     2026        86.05              95.61            83.47         4.32            33.46          71.71         99.91           2.0          0.8500
                    2027+       +2.0%/yr          +2.0%/yr         +2.0%/yr      +2.0%/yr        +2.0%/yr       +2.0%/yr      +2.0%/yr          2.0          0.8500

             Reconciliation of Changes in Reserves
             The table below is a reconciliation of Company gross reserves and is provided to satisfy the requirement of NI 51-
             101. Under NI 51-101, Company gross reserves include only working interests before the deduction of royalties
             payable to others and do not include any royalties receivable. As a portion of Franco-Nevada’s assets are royalty
             interests, they are excluded from this table. This hinders an investor’s ability to compare its reserves to others in the
             industry. Therefore, in addition to presenting the reconciliation using Company gross reserves, a reconciliation
             using the Company Interest reserves is also presented. The Company Interest reserves are defined here as the
             Company working interest before payment of royalties to others, plus Company net royalty interest reserves.

                                                                          December 31, 2016
                                                        Reconciliation of Company’s Canadian Gross Reserves
                                                                      by Principal Product Type
                                                                       Forecast Prices and Costs

                                          Light and Medium Oil           Conventional Natural Gas                NGLs                           Oil Equivalent
                                                          Proved +                         Proved +                        Proved +                          Proved +
                                   Proved      Probable   Probable    Proved   Probable    Probable   Proved   Probable    Probable   Proved     Probable     Probable
                  FACTORS          (Mbbl)        (Mbbl)    (Mbbl)     (MMcf)    (MMcf)      (MMcf)    (Mbbl)    (Mbbl)      (Mbbl)    (Mboe)      (Mboe)       (Mboe)
              December 31, 2015    20,276         7,317    27,593        1         0            1       178       59          237     20,453       7,376       27,830
                 Discoveries          0              0         0         0         0            0        0         0           0         0            0           0
                 Extensions*          0              0         0         0         0            0        0         0           0         0            0           0
                Infill Drilling*      0              0         0         0         0            0        0         0           0         0            0           0
                   Improved
                    Recovery*         0           0           0          0         0           0        0          0          0          0           0           0
                   Technical
                    Revisions       (193)        184          (9)        1         0           1         4        (3)          0       (190)        181          (9)
                 Acquisitions          0           0           0         0         0           0         0         0           0          0           0           0
                 Dispositions          0           0           0         0         0           0         0         0           0          0           0           0
              Economic Factors       (18)        (4)         (23)        0         0           0         0         0           0        (18)        (4)         (23)
                  Production       (1,230)         0       (1,230)      (1)        0          (1)      (13)        0         (13)     (1,243)         0       (1,243)
              December 31, 2016    18,834       7,497      26,331        1         0           1       168        56         224      19,002       7,553      26,555

             *      The above change categories correspond to standards set out in the COGE Handbook. For reporting under NI 51-101, reserves additions
                    under Infill Drilling, Improved Recovery and Extensions should be combined and reported as “Extensions and Improved Recovery”.



                                                                                         53




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                                      64/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                                                      December 31, 2016
                                               Reconciliation of Company’s Canadian Company Interest Reserves
                                                                   by Principal Product Type
                                                                   Forecast Prices and Costs

                                Light and Medium Oil          Heavy Oil          Conventional Natural Gas         NGLs                  Oil Equivalent
                                               Proved +                Proved +                   Proved +               Proved +                   Proved +
                              Proved Probable Probable Proved Probable Probable Proved Probable Probable Proved Probable Probable Proved Probable Probable
                FACTORS       (Mbbl) (Mbbl) (Mbbl) (Mbbl) (Mbbl) (Mbbl) (MMcf) (MMcf) (MMcf) (Mbbl) (Mbbl) (Mbbl) (Mboe) (Mboe) (Mboe)
              December 31,
                     2015      21,664   7,797     29,462    7        3           10       5,453       1,886    7,339     326         115      441        22,905     8,231       31,136
               Discoveries         0       0         0      0        0            0          0           0        0       0           0        0            0          0           0
               Extensions*        15       4        19      0        0            0          0           0        0       0           0        0           15          4          19
              Infill Drilling*     0       0         0      0        0            0          0           0        0       0           0        0            0          0           0
                 Improved
                  Recovery*        0      0         0       0        0            0         0           0         0          0        0         0           0             0       0
                 Technical
                  Revisions     (152)   171        19       2        0            3        468         (98)     370      31          (2)       29         (40)       152         112
               Acquisitions        0     0          0       0        0            0         0            0       0        0           0         0           0         0           0
               Dispositions        0     0          0       0        0            0         0            0       0        0           0         0           0         0           0
                Economic
                    Factors      (18)    (4)       (23)     0        0            0          0          0          0       0          0         0          (18)          (4)     (23)
                Production (1,368)        0      (1,368)   (2)       0           (2)     (1,058)        0      (1,058)   (44)         0       (44)       (1,591)          0    (1,591)
              December 31,
                     2016      20,142   7,968     28,109    7        3           10       4,862       1,788    6,651     313         112      425        21,271     8,381       29,653

             *      The above change categories correspond to standards set out in the COGE Handbook. For reporting under NI 51-101, reserves additions
                    under Infill Drilling, Improved Recovery and Extensions should be combined and reported as “Extensions and Improved Recovery”.

             Additional Information Relating to Reserves Data
             Undeveloped Reserves
             Proved and probable undeveloped reserves on a forecast price and cost basis have been estimated in accordance with
             procedures and standards contained in the COGE Handbook. Franco-Nevada holds both non-operating working
             interests and royalty interests in its Canadian oil & gas assets and, therefore, does not principally determine the
             development schedule of these oil & gas assets. The operators of these assets determine the development of the
             assets and Franco-Nevada’s role, as a working interest holder, will be limited to paying its working interest share of
             the expenses associated therewith. For proved undeveloped properties, see the preceding charts under “Reserves
             Data (Forecast Prices and Costs)”, “Net Present Values of Future Net Revenue (Before Income Taxes)” and “Net
             Present Values of Future Net Revenue (After Income Taxes)”.
             Company's Canadian Gross Reserves First Attributed by Year
             Proved Undeveloped Reserves
                                          Light and Medium Oil        Heavy Oil (Mbbl)                   Conventional               NGLs (Mbbl)            Oil Equivalent (Mbbl)
                                                  (Mbbl)                                             Natural Gas (MMcf)
                                            * First    Total at          First         Total at        First      Total at         First      Total at           First         Total at
                                                         Year-                          Year-                      Year-                       Year-                            Year-
                                          Attributed      end       Attributed           end         Attributed     end          Attributed     end         Attributed           end
                 2013                             85     3,216             —               —                —         —                 —         —                85           3,216
                 2014                          1,844     4,151             —               —                —         —                 —         —             1,844           4,151
                 2015                             —      3,772             —               —                —         —                 —         —                —            3,772
                 2016                             —      2,784             —               —                —         —                 —         —                —            2,784
             *      “First Attributed” refers to reserves first attributed at year-end of the corresponding fiscal year.

             Probable Undeveloped Reserves
                                          Light and Medium Oil        Heavy Oil (Mbbl)                   Conventional               NGLs (Mbbl)            Oil Equivalent (Mbbl)
                                                  (Mbbl)                                             Natural Gas (MMcf)
                                            * First     Total at         First         Total at        First      Total at         First      Total at           First         Total at
                                                         Year-                          Year-                      Year-                       Year-                            Year-
                                          Attributed      end       Attributed           end         Attributed     end          Attributed     end         Attributed           end
                 2013                             33     3,678             —               —                —         —                 —         —                33           3,678
                 2014                            123     2,067             —               —                —         —                 —         —               123           2,067
                 2015                             —      1,947             —               —                —         —                 —         —                —            1,947
                 2016                             —      2,437             —               —                —         —                 —         —                —            2,437
             *      “First Attributed” refers to reserves first attributed at year-end of the corresponding fiscal year.

             Significant Factors or Uncertainties
             The process of evaluating reserves is inherently complex. It requires significant judgments and decisions based on
             available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data. As circumstances change and additional data
             becomes available, reserve estimates also change. Estimates are reviewed and revised, either upward or downward,
             as warranted by the new


                                                                                                54


file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                                                       65/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   66/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             information. Revisions are often required due to changes in well performance, prices, economic conditions and
             governmental restrictions. Revisions to reserve estimates can arise from changes in year-end prices, reservoir
             performance and geologic conditions or production. These revisions can be either positive or negative.
             The reserve estimates contained herein are based on current production forecasts, prices and economic
             conditions. These factors and assumptions include among others: (i) historical production in the area compared with
             production rates from analogous producing areas; (ii) initial production rates; (iii) production decline rates;
             (iv) ultimate recovery of reserves; (v) success of future development activities; (vi) marketability of production;
             (vii) effects of government regulations; and (viii) other government levies imposed over the life of the reserves.
             The evaluated oil & natural gas assets have no material extraordinary risks or uncertainties beyond those which are
             inherent in an oil & natural gas producing company. See “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Mining Operations and
             Oil & Natural Gas Operations”.
             Future Development Costs
             The table below sets out the development costs deducted in the estimation of future net revenue attributable to
             Franco-Nevada’s proved reserves and proved plus probable reserves reported in the GLJ Report using forecast prices
             and costs.
                                                                                                  Annual Capital Expenditure (C$000)
                                                                                                                                                                            Total 10%
                                                 2017    2018    2019    2020     2021    2022    2023    2024    2025    2026    2027    2028     Remainder    Total       Discounted
             Total Proved                        2,386   3,156   3,437   4,254    2,984   1,928   1,855   1,648   1,471   1,397   1,252   1,226       17,142   44,136            20,212
             Total Proved Plus Probable          2,394   3,253   3,544   4,908    5,438   2,027   1,878   1,692   1,581   1,554   1,476   1,425       19,587   50,756            23,096

             Franco-Nevada expects to fund its estimated future development costs from working capital. Franco-Nevada does
             not anticipate that such costs will make development of any asset uneconomic or will have any material impact on
             disclosed reserves or future net revenue. All costs are to be incurred in Canada.
             Other Oil & Gas Information
             Forward Contracts
             Franco-Nevada does not have any forward contracts for oil or natural gas.
             Additional Information Concerning Abandonment and Reclamation Costs
             Franco-Nevada is liable for ongoing environmental obligations and for the ultimate abandonment and reclamation
             costs for its oil, gas and NGL assets (including surface leases, wells, facilities and pipelines) upon abandonment only
             in respect of its working interests including its net royalty interest in the Weyburn Unit. There are no ongoing
             obligations of Franco-Nevada on its royalty interests in oil & natural gas assets. Franco-Nevada identifies
             obligations related to its oil, gas and NGL assets by estimating the present value of expected future abandonment
             and well site reclamation costs to existing and future reserves wells. These costs do not include non-reserves wells,
             pipelines or production facilities and the timing of costs to be incurred in future periods.
             Franco-Nevada anticipates the total amount of such costs to be approximately C$73,508,000 on an undiscounted
             basis (approximately C$5,773,000 discounted at 10 percent) with respect to the total proved reserves. Of this
             amount, Franco-Nevada anticipates that approximately C$0 (undiscounted) will be incurred in the next three
             financial years.
             Tax Horizon
             Franco-Nevada is taxable at an expected rate of approximately 27% on the taxable income from the oil & natural gas
             royalty and working interests.
             Costs Incurred
             The following table sets out Franco-Nevada’s property acquisition, exploration and development costs for the fiscal
             year ended December 31, 2016.
                                          Proved                                                       Unproved                                                         Total
                                          Property                                                     Property
               Location                   Acquisition     Exploration            Development           Acquisition         Exploration            Development
               Canada (C$000)             $        1      $       —              $     2,280           $       —           $       —              $       —             $     2,281




                                                                                          55




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                                                       67/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             Exploration and Development Activities
             The following table summarizes the number and type of wells that Franco-Nevada drilled or participated in drilling
             for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. All of Franco-Nevada’s current exploration and development activities
             are in Canada.
                                                                                                            Net Wells Drilled
                                                                                        Oil       Gas       Service     Dry             Stratigraphic
                                                                     Gross   Net        Wells     Wells      Wells      Wells            Test Wells
             Exploratory Wells                                         —      —           —        —             —          —                     —
             Development Wells                                          2    0.3         0.3       —             —          —                     —

             Total                                                      2    0.3          0.3         —             —           —                    —
             Production Estimates
             The following tables present GLJ’s forecasted case for proved and proved plus probable average daily production by
             product type for 2017. All production is from Canada. The production of oil and natural gas liquids from the
             Weyburn Unit NRI is expected to account for 63% of Franco-Nevada’s net interest (as defined below) total proved
             plus probable production of natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil for the 12 months ended December 31, 2017. The
             Weyburn Unit NRI is expected to account for 73% of all net interest total proved plus probable oil production and
             25% of all net interest total proved plus probable natural gas liquids production.
                                              2017 Average Daily Production from Total Proved Reserves (Forecast Case)
                                                                                 Light and                            Conventional
                                                                                Medium Oil           Heavy Oil        Natural Gas            NGLs
                                                                               Gross    Net        Gross    Net      Gross     Net       Gross    Net
                                                                              (bbl/d) (bbl/d)     (bbl/d) (bbl/d)   (Mcf/d) (Mcf/d)     (bbl/d) (bbl/d)
             Total Proved
             Weyburn Unit NRI                                                 2,722       2,365       0        0         0          0       21      21
             Other Properties                                                   655         893       0        6         2      2,570        5      79
             Total: Total Proved                                              3,377       3,258       0        6         2      2,570       26     100

                                      2017 Average Daily Production from Total Proved Plus Probable Reserves (Forecast Case)

                                                                                 Light and                            Conventional
                                                                                Medium Oil           Heavy Oil        Natural Gas            NGLs
                                                                               Gross    Net        Gross    Net      Gross     Net       Gross    Net
                                                                              (bbl/d) (bbl/d)     (bbl/d) (bbl/d)   (Mcf/d) (Mcf/d)     (bbl/d) (bbl/d)
             Total Proved Plus Probable
             Weyburn Unit NRI                                                 2,850       2,474       0        0         0          0       28        27
             Other Properties                                                   686         930       0        6         2      2,620        6        82
             Total: Total Proved Plus Probable                                3,536       3,404       0        6         2      2,620       34       110

             Production History
             The following table sets forth Franco-Nevada’s Canadian Oil & Gas Assets’ average daily production volumes for
             each product type, before deduction of royalties, for each fiscal quarter in 2016.
                                                                                            Average Daily Production (boe/d)*
                                                                                   Light and   Conventional
                 2016                                                             Medium Oil Natural Gas         NGLs                        Total
                 First Quarter                                                       1,420          461           108                        1,989
                 Second Quarter                                                      2,307          437           102                        2,846
                 Third Quarter                                                       2,216          433            78                        2,728
                 Fourth Quarter                                                      2,407          468            76                        2,951
             *      Reflects net production from Weyburn Unit NRI.
             The following table sets forth Franco-Nevada’s Canadian Oil & Gas Assets’ average prices received, royalties paid,
             production costs and resulting netback for oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids for each fiscal quarter in 2016.
                 Light and Medium Oil ($C/bbl)                                          Q1                Q2                 Q3              Q4
                 Price received                                               $          32.31    $        47.01     $        50.61     $     54.87
                 Royalties Paid                                                           0.79              1.48                3.11           2.07
                 Production costs                                                         3.02              2.95               4.43            3.61

                 Netback                                                      $          28.50    $        42.59     $        43.06     $        49.18


                                                                                   56




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                        68/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                 Conventional Natural Gas ($C/Mcf)                                  Q1            Q2             Q3                  Q4
                 Price received                                            $          1.35    $     0.01     $     1.10      $         1.81
                 Royalties Paid                                                         —             —              —                   —
                 Production costs                                                       —             —              —                   —

                 Netback                                                   $          1.35    $     0.01     $       1.10    $         1.81
                 NGLs ($C/bbl)                                                      Q1            Q2             Q3                  Q4
                 Price received                                            $         23.90    $    20.41     $    41.35      $        38.88
                 Royalties Paid                                                         —             —              —                   —
                 Production costs                                                       —             —              —                   —

                 Netback                                                   $         23.90    $    20.41     $     41.35     $        38.88
             The following table sets forth Franco-Nevada’s Canadian Oil & Gas Assets’ net production volumes for each
             product type, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2016.
                                                                                Light and     Conventional
                 Production (Mboe)                                             Medium Oil     Natural Gas        NGLs            Total

                 Weyburn Unit                                                         633.0            —               —              633.0
                 Midale Unit                                                           40.0            —               —               40.0
                 Edson                                                                  —             97.9            33.2            131.1
                 Other                                                                 91.6           66.8             —              158.3

                 Total                                                                764.7          164.5            33.2            962.4
             *      Reflects net production from Weyburn Unit NRI.

             Definitions, Notes and Other Cautionary Statements
             In the tables set forth above under the subheading “Statement of Reserves Data and Other Oil & Natural Gas
             Information” and elsewhere in this AIF, unless otherwise indicated, the following definitions and other notes are
             applicable.
             “Gross” means:
                         (a)     in relation to the Corporation’s interest in production or reserves, its “company gross reserves”,
                                 which are its working interest (operating or non-operating) share before deduction of royalties and
                                 without including any royalty interests of the Corporation;
                         (b)     in relation to wells, the total number of wells in which the Corporation has an interest; and
                         (c)     in relation to properties, the total area of properties in which the Corporation has an interest.
             “Net” means:
                         (a)     in relation to the Corporation’s interest in production or reserves its working interest (operating or
                                 non-operating) share after deduction of royalty obligations, plus the Corporation’s royalty interests in
                                 production or reserves;
                         (b)     in relation to the Corporation’s interest in wells, the number of wells obtained by aggregating the
                                 Corporation’s working interest in each of its gross wells; and
                         (c)     in relation to the Corporation’s interest in a property, the total area in which the Corporation has an
                                 interest multiplied by the working interest owned by the Corporation.
             Definitions of Reserves:
                         Reserves Categories
                         Reserves are estimated remaining quantities of oil & natural gas and related substances anticipated to be
                         recoverable from known accumulations, from a given date forward, based on:
                         (a)      analysis of drilling, geological, geophysical and engineering data;
                         (b)          the use of established technology; and


                                                                               57




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                           69/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                       (c)    specified economic conditions, which are generally accepted as being reasonable, and shall be
                              disclosed.
                       Reserves are classified according to the degree of certainty associated with the estimates.
                       (a)    Proved reserves are those reserves that can be estimated with a high degree of certainty to be
                              recoverable. It is likely that the actual remaining quantities recovered will exceed the estimated
                              proved reserves.
                       (b)    Probable reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than proved
                              reserves. It is equally likely that the actual remaining quantities recovered will be greater or less than
                              the sum of the estimated proved plus probable reserves.
                       (c)    Possible reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than probable
                              reserves. It is unlikely that the actual remaining quantities recovered will exceed the sum of the
                              estimated proved plus probable plus possible reserves.
                       Development and Production Status
                       Each of the reserves categories (proved, probable and possible) may be divided into developed and
                       undeveloped categories:
                       (a)    Developed reserves are those reserves that are expected to be recovered from existing wells and
                              installed facilities or, if facilities have not been installed, that would involve a low expenditure (for
                              example, when compared to the cost of drilling a well) to put the reserves on production. The
                              developed category may be subdivided into producing and non-producing.
                                  (i)    Developed producing reserves are those reserves that are expected to be recovered from
                                         completion intervals open at the time of the estimate. These reserves may be currently
                                         producing or, if shut-in, they must have previously been on production, and the date of
                                         resumption of production must be known with reasonable certainty.
                                  (ii)   Developed non-producing reserves are those reserves that either have not been on
                                         production, or have previously been on production, but are shut-in, and the date of
                                         resumption of production is unknown.
                       (b)    Undeveloped reserves are those reserves expected to be recovered from known accumulations where
                              a significant expenditure (for example, when compared to the cost of drilling a well) is required to
                              render them capable of production. They must fully meet the requirements of the reserves
                              classification (proved, probable, possible) to which they are assigned.
                       In multi-well pools it may be appropriate to allocate total pool reserves between the developed and
                       undeveloped categories or to subdivide the developed reserves for the pool between developed producing
                       and developed non-producing. This allocation should be based on the estimator’s assessment as to the
                       reserves that will be recovered from specific wells, facilities and completion intervals in the pool and their
                       respective development and production status.
                       Levels of Certainty for Reported Reserves
                       The qualitative certainty levels referred to in the definitions above are applicable to “individual reserves
                       entities” (which refers to the lowest level at which reserves calculations are performed) and to “reported
                       reserves” (which refers to the highest level sum of individual entity estimates for which reserves are
                       presented). Reported reserves should target the following levels of certainty under a specific set of
                       economic conditions:
                       (a)    at least a 90% probability that the quantities actually recovered will equal or exceed the estimated
                              proved reserves;
                       (b)    at least a 50% probability that the quantities actually recovered will equal or exceed the sum of the
                              estimated proved plus probable reserves;
                       (c)    at least a 10% probability that the quantities actually recovered will equal or exceed the sum of the
                              estimated proved plus probable plus possible reserves.
                       A quantitative measure of the certainty levels pertaining to estimates prepared for the various reserves
                       categories is desirable to provide a clearer understanding of the associated risks and uncertainties.
                       However, the majority of reserves estimates will be prepared using deterministic methods that do not
                       provide a mathematically derived quantitative measure of probability. In principle, there should be no
                       difference between estimates prepared using probabilistic or deterministic methods.


                                                                         58




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                        70/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             Future Income Tax Expense:
                       Future income tax expenses are estimated:
                       (a)    making appropriate allocations of estimated unclaimed costs and losses carried forward for tax
                              purposes between oil & gas activities and other business activities;
                       (b)     without deducting estimated future costs that are not deductible in computing taxable income;
                       (c)      taking into account estimated tax credits and allowances; and
                       (d)    applying to the future pre-tax net cash flows relating to the Corporation’s oil & gas activities the
                              appropriate year-end statutory tax rates, taking into account future tax rates already legislated.
             “Development costs” means costs incurred to obtain access to reserves and to provide facilities for extracting,
             treating, gathering and storing the oil & gas from reserves. More specifically, development costs, including
             applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities and other costs of development activities, are costs
             incurred to:
                       (a)    gain access to and prepare well locations for drilling, including surveying well locations for the
                              purpose of determining specific development drilling sites, clearing ground, draining, road building,
                              and relocating public roads, gas lines and power lines to the extent necessary in developing the
                              reserves;
                       (b)    drill and equip development wells, development type stratigraphic test wells and service wells,
                              including the costs of platforms and of well equipment such as casing, tubing, pumping equipment
                              and wellhead assembly;
                       (c)    acquire, construct and install production facilities such as flow lines, separators, treaters, heaters,
                              manifolds, measuring devices and production storage tanks, natural gas cycling and processing
                              plants, and central utility and waste disposal systems; and
                       (d)            provide improved recovery systems.
             “Development well” means a well drilled inside the established limits of an oil & gas reservoir, or in close
             proximity to the edge of the reservoir, to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive.
             “Exploration costs” means costs incurred in identifying areas that may warrant examination and in examining
             specific areas that are considered to have prospects that may contain oil & gas reserves, including costs of drilling
             exploratory wells and exploratory type stratigraphic test wells. Exploration costs may be incurred both before
             acquiring the related property and after acquiring the property. Exploration costs, which include applicable operating
             costs of support equipment and facilities and other costs of exploration activities, are:
                       (a)    costs of topographical, geochemical, geological and geophysical studies, rights of access to properties
                              to conduct those studies, and salaries and other expenses of geologists, geophysical crews and others
                              conducting those studies;
                       (b)    costs of carrying and retaining unproved properties, such as delay rentals, taxes (other than income
                              and capital taxes) on properties, legal costs for title defence, and the maintenance of land and lease
                              records;
                       (c)       dry hole contributions and bottom hole contributions;
                       (d)       costs of drilling and equipping exploratory wells; and
                       (e)       costs of drilling exploratory type stratigraphic test wells.
             “Exploration well” means a well that is not a development well, a service well or a stratigraphic test well.
             “Service well” means a well drilled or completed for the purpose of supporting production in an existing
             field. Wells in this class are drilled for the following specific purposes: gas injection (natural gas, propane, butane or
             flue gas), water injection, steam injection, air injection, salt water disposal, water supply for injection, observation or
             injection for combustion.
             Numbers may not add due to rounding.
             The estimates of future net revenue presented do not represent fair market value.
             The forecast price and cost assumptions assume the continuance of current laws and regulations.
             See “Cautionary Note Regarding Mineral and Oil and Gas Reserve and Resource Estimates”.


                                                                           59




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                        71/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                                                RISK FACTORS
             Investors should carefully consider all of the information disclosed in this AIF prior to investing in the securities
             of Franco-Nevada. In addition to the other information presented in this AIF, the following risk factors should be
             given special consideration when evaluating an investment in such securities.
             Risks Related to the Business of Franco-Nevada
             Changes in the market price of the commodities that underlie the royalty, stream, working and other interests will
             affect the profitability of Franco-Nevada and the revenue generated therefrom
             The revenue derived by Franco-Nevada from its asset portfolio will be significantly affected by changes in the
             market price of the commodities underlying the royalties, streams, working interests and investments. Franco-
             Nevada’s revenue will be particularly sensitive to changes in the price of gold, silver, oil, natural gas, PGM and
             copper, as the revenue from these commodities represents substantially all of the cash flow derived from the asset
             portfolio. Commodity prices, including those to which Franco-Nevada is exposed, fluctuate on a daily basis and are
             affected by numerous factors beyond the control of Franco-Nevada, including levels of supply and demand,
             industrial development levels, inflation and the level of interest rates, the strength of the U.S. dollar and geopolitical
             events in significant oil & natural gas producing countries. Such external economic factors are in turn influenced by
             changes in international investment patterns, monetary systems and political developments.
             All commodities, by their nature, are subject to wide price fluctuations and future material price declines will result
             in a decrease in revenue or, in the case of severe declines that cause a suspension or termination of production by
             relevant operators, a complete cessation of revenue from royalties, streams or working interests applicable to one or
             more relevant commodities. Moreover, despite Franco-Nevada’s commodity diversification, the broader commodity
             market tends to be cyclical, and a general downturn in overall commodity prices could result in a significant
             decrease in overall revenue. Any such price decline may result in a material adverse effect on Franco-Nevada’s
             profitability, results of operations and financial condition.
             Gold, silver, and/or PGM are produced or will be produced as a by-product metal at some of the assets including the
             Antapaccay project, Antamina project, Candelaria project, Cobre Panama project, Guadalupe-Palmarejo project,
             Sudbury project and MWS project; therefore, production decisions and the economic cut-off applied to the reporting
             of gold, silver and PGM reserves and resources, as applicable, will be influenced by changes in the commodity
             prices of other metals at the mines. To some extent risks related to this will be mitigated by Franco-Nevada in
             respect of each of Antapaccay and Cobre Panama as gold and silver deliveries under the stream are initially tied to
             the production of copper, the primary product to be produced at such projects and the Candelaria project as gold and
             silver deliveries under the stream are subject to recovery collars.
             For Mineral Assets that are subject to stream agreements where there is a fixed price payable per ounce, in the event
             that the price of gold and/or silver falls below the fixed price per ounce (subject to inflation adjustment), Franco-
             Nevada would not realize any profits.

             The operation of the properties in which Franco-Nevada holds an interest is generally determined by third party
             property owners and operators, and Franco-Nevada has no or limited decision making power as to how these
             properties are operated, and the operators’ failure to perform could affect the revenues generated by Franco-
             Nevada
             Franco-Nevada is not directly involved in the operation of mines. The revenue derived from the asset portfolio is
             based on production by third party property owners and operators. The owners and operators generally will have the
             power to determine the manner in which the properties are exploited, including decisions to expand, continue or
             reduce, suspend or discontinue production from a property, decisions about the marketing of products extracted from
             the property and decisions to advance exploration efforts and conduct development of non-producing properties. The
             interests of third party owners and operators and those of Franco-Nevada on the relevant properties may not always
             be aligned. As an example, it will usually be in the interest of Franco-Nevada to advance development and
             production on properties as rapidly as possible in order to maximize near-term cash flow, while third party owners
             and operators may take a more cautious approach to development as they are at risk on the cost of development and
             operations. Likewise, it may be in the interest of property owners to invest in the development of and emphasize
             production from projects or areas of a project that are not subject to streaming, royalty or working interest
             obligations. The inability of Franco-Nevada to control the operations for the properties in which it has a royalty,
             stream or working interest may result in a material and adverse effect on Franco-Nevada’s profitability, results of
             operations and financial condition. In addition, the owners or operators may take action contrary to Franco-
             Nevada’s policies or objectives; be unable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations under their agreements with
             Franco-Nevada; have difficulty obtaining or be unable to obtain the financing necessary to move projects forward; or
             experience financial, operational or other difficulties, including insolvency, which could limit the owner or
             operator’s ability to perform its obligations under arrangements with Franco-Nevada.


                                                                        60




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                       72/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             Franco-Nevada may not be entitled to any material compensation if any of the properties in which it holds a royalty,
             stream or other interest shuts down or discontinues their operations on a temporary or permanent basis. At any time,
             any of the operators of the properties in which it holds a royalty, stream or other interest or their successors may
             decide to suspend or discontinue operations.
             The owners or operators of the projects in which Franco-Nevada holds an interest may from time to time announce
             transactions, including the sale or transfer of the projects or of the operator itself, over which Franco-Nevada has
             little or no control. If such transactions are completed it may result in a new operator controlling the project, who
             may or may not operate the project in a similar manner to the current operator which may positively or negatively
             impact Franco-Nevada. If any such transaction is announced, there is no certainty that such transaction will be
             completed, or completed as announced, and any consequences of such non-completion on Franco-Nevada may be
             difficult or impossible to predict.
             Franco-Nevada has limited access to data and disclosure regarding the operation of properties, which will affect
             its ability to assess the royalty’s/stream’s performance
             As a royalty/stream holder, Franco-Nevada has limited access to data on the operations or to the actual properties
             themselves. This could affect its ability to assess the performance of the royalty/stream. This could result in
             deviations in cash flow from that which is anticipated by Franco-Nevada based on the stage of development of the
             properties covered by the asset portfolio. In addition, some royalties/streams may be subject to confidentiality
             arrangements which govern the disclosure of information with regard to royalties/streams and, as such, Franco-
             Nevada may not be in a position to publicly disclose non-public information with respect to certain
             royalties/streams. The limited access to data and disclosure regarding the operations of the properties in which
             Franco-Nevada has an interest, may restrict Franco-Nevada’s ability to enhance its performance which may result in
             a material and adverse effect on Franco-Nevada’s profitability, results of operations and financial
             condition. Although when creating new royalty or stream agreements, we attempt to obtain these rights, there is no
             assurance that our efforts will be successful.
             Franco-Nevada depends on its operators for the calculation of royalty/stream payments. It may not be able to
             detect errors and payment calculations may call for retroactive adjustments
             Franco-Nevada’s royalty/stream payments are calculated by the operators of the properties on which Franco-Nevada
             has royalties/streams based on the reported production. Each operator’s calculation of our royalty/stream payments
             is subject to and dependent upon the adequacy and accuracy of its production and accounting functions, and errors
             may occur from time to time in the calculations made by an operator. Certain royalty/stream agreements require the
             operators to provide Franco-Nevada with production and operating information that may, depending on the
             completeness and accuracy of such information, enable Franco-Nevada to detect errors in the calculation of
             royalty/stream payments that it receives. Franco-Nevada does not, however, have the contractual right to receive
             production information for all of its royalty/stream interests. As a result, Franco-Nevada’s ability to detect
             royalty/stream payment errors through its royalty/stream monitoring program and its associated internal controls and
             procedures is limited, and the possibility exists that Franco-Nevada will need to make retroactive royalty/stream
             revenue adjustments. Some of our royalty/stream contracts provide the right to audit the operational calculations
             and production data for the associated royalty/stream payments; however, such audits may occur many months
             following our recognition of the royalty/stream revenue and may require us to adjust our revenue in later periods.
             The Antapaccay, Antamina, Candelaria and Cobre Panama project streams are significant to Franco-Nevada and
             other assets and properties may become significant to Franco-Nevada from time to time and any adverse
             development related to any such assets will affect the revenue derived from such assets
             The streams on the Antapaccay, Antamina, Candelaria and Cobre Panama projects are currently significant to
             Franco-Nevada, although as new assets are acquired or move into production, the materiality of each of our assets
             will be reconsidered. Any adverse development affecting the operation of, production from or recoverability of
             mineral reserves from the Antapaccay, Antamina, Candelaria and Cobre Panama projects or any other significant
             property in the asset portfolio from time to time, such as, but not limited to, unusual and unexpected geologic
             formations, seismic activity, rock bursts, cave-ins, flooding and other conditions involved in the drilling and removal
             of material, any of which could result in damage to, or destruction of, mines and other producing facilities, damage
             to life or property, environmental damage, or the inability to hire suitable personnel and engineering contractors or
             secure supply agreements on commercially suitable terms, may have a material adverse effect on Franco-Nevada’s
             profitability, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, Franco-Nevada has no control over
             operational decisions made by the third party owners and operators of these projects. Any adverse decision made by
             the owners and operators, including for example, alterations to mine plans or production schedules, may impact the
             timing and amount of revenue that Franco-Nevada receives and may have a material and adverse effect on Franco-
             Nevada’s profitability, financial condition and results of operations. As mines on which Franco-Nevada has
             royalties/streams mature, it can expect overall declines in production over the years unless operators are able to
             replace reserves that are mined through mine expansion or successful new exploration.


                                                                       61




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                    73/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             Franco-Nevada is dependent on the payment of royalties/streams by the owners and operators of the relevant
             properties and any delay in or failure of such royalty/stream payments will affect the revenues generated by the
             asset portfolio
             Franco-Nevada is dependent to a large extent upon the financial viability and operational effectiveness of owners
             and operators of the relevant royalty/stream properties. Payments from production generally flow through the
             operator and there is a risk of delay and additional expense in receiving such revenues. Payments may be delayed by
             restrictions imposed by lenders, delays in the sale or delivery of products, the ability or willingness of smelters and
             refiners to process mine products, delays in the connection of wells to a gathering system, blowouts or other
             accidents, recovery by the operators of expenses incurred in the operation of the royalty/stream properties, the
             establishment by the operators of reserves for such expenses or the insolvency of the operator. Franco-Nevada’s
             rights to payment under the royalties/streams must, in most cases, be enforced by contract without the protection of
             the ability to liquidate a property. This inhibits Franco-Nevada’s ability to collect outstanding royalties/streams
             upon a default. Additionally, some agreements may provide limited recourse in particular circumstances which may
             further inhibit Franco-Nevada’s ability to recover or obtain equitable relief in the event of a default under such
             agreements. In the event of a bankruptcy of an operator or owner, it is possible that an operator may claim that
             Franco-Nevada should be treated as an unsecured creditor and, therefore, have a limited prospect for full recovery of
             revenue and a possibility that a creditor or the operator may claim that the royalty or stream agreement should be
             terminated in the insolvency proceeding. Failure to receive payments from the owners and operators of the relevant
             properties or termination of Franco-Nevada’s rights may result in a material and adverse effect on Franco-Nevada’s
             profitability, results of operations and financial condition.
             Certain royalty/stream interests and working interests are subject to rights in favour of others or third parties that
             could adversely affect the revenues generated from the asset portfolio
             Some royalty/stream interests and working interests are subject to: (i) buy-down right provisions pursuant to which
             an operator may buy-back all or a portion of the royalty/stream, (ii) pre-emptive rights pursuant to which parties to
             operating and royalty/stream agreements have the right of first refusal or first offer with respect to a proposed sale or
             assignment of a royalty/stream to Franco-Nevada, or (iii) claw back rights pursuant to which the seller of a
             royalty/stream to Franco-Nevada has the right to re-acquire the royalty/stream. Holders may exercise these rights
             such that certain royalty/stream interests and working interests would no longer be held by Franco-Nevada.
             The asset portfolio includes a number of royalty interests based on net profits, and the revenue derived from such
             royalty interests is dependent upon factors beyond the control of Franco-Nevada that may have an adverse effect
             on the overall revenues generated by the asset portfolio
             Franco-Nevada holds a number of net profit royalties, equity interests and working interests in its asset portfolio.
             These royalties and other interests allow the operator to account for the effect of prevailing cost pressures on the
             project before calculating the royalty payable to Franco-Nevada. These cost pressures include costs of labour,
             equipment, fuel, electricity, environmental compliance, oil prices and numerous other capital, operating and
             production inputs. Such costs will fluctuate in ways that are unpredictable and are beyond the control of Franco-
             Nevada, and can have a dramatic effect on the revenue payable to Franco-Nevada on these royalties and other
             interests. Any increase in the costs incurred by the operators on the applicable properties will likely result in a
             decline in the revenue received by Franco-Nevada. This will affect overall revenue generated by the asset portfolio
             which may have a material and adverse effect on Franco-Nevada’s profitability, financial condition, and results of
             operations.
             Franco-Nevada may enter into acquisitions or other material royalty or streaming transactions at any time
             Franco-Nevada is continuously reviewing opportunities to acquire existing royalties or streams, to create new
             royalty interests or streaming arrangements through the financing of mining projects, financing of new acquisitions
             or to acquire companies that hold royalties or streams. At any given time Franco-Nevada has various types of
             transactions and acquisition opportunities in various stages of active review, including submission of indications of
             interest and participation in discussions or negotiations in respect of such transactions. This process also involves
             the engagement of consultants and advisors to assist in analyzing particular opportunities. Any such acquisition or
             transaction could be material to Franco-Nevada and may involve the issuance of securities by Franco-Nevada or the
             incurring of indebtedness to fund any such acquisition. In addition, any such acquisition or other royalty or
             streaming transaction may have other transaction specific risks associated with it, including risks related to the
             completion of the transaction, the project operators or the jurisdictions in which assets may be acquired.
             Additionally, Franco-Nevada may consider opportunities to restructure its royalties or stream arrangements where it
             believes such a restructuring may provide a long-term benefit to Franco-Nevada, even if such restructuring may
             reduce near-term revenues or result in Franco-Nevada incurring transaction related costs.
             Franco-Nevada may enter into one or more acquisitions, restructurings or other royalty and streaming transactions at
             any time.


                                                                        62




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                      74/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             Franco-Nevada may experience difficulty attracting and retaining qualified management and technical personnel
             to efficiently operate its business
             Franco-Nevada is dependent upon the continued availability and commitment of its key management, whose
             contributions to immediate and future operations of Franco-Nevada are of significant importance. The loss of any
             such key management could negatively affect business operations. From time to time, Franco-Nevada may also need
             to identify and retain additional skilled management and specialized technical personnel to efficiently operate its
             business. The number of persons skilled in the acquisition, exploration and development of royalties/streams and
             interests in natural resource properties is limited and competition for such persons is intense. Recruiting and
             retaining qualified personnel is critical to Franco-Nevada’s success and there can be no assurance of such success. If
             Franco-Nevada is not successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel, Franco-Nevada’s ability to execute
             its business model and growth strategy could be affected, which could have a material and adverse impact on its
             profitability, results of operations and financial condition. Franco-Nevada does not intend to maintain “key man”
             insurance for any members of its management.
             Increased competition for royalty/stream interests and resource investments could adversely affect Franco-
             Nevada’s ability to acquire additional royalties, streams and other investments in mineral and oil & natural gas
             properties
             Many companies are engaged in the search for and the acquisition of mineral and oil & natural gas interests, and
             there is a limited supply of desirable mineral and oil & natural gas interests. The mineral exploration and mining and
             oil & natural gas businesses are competitive in all phases. Many companies are engaged in the acquisition of mining
             and oil & natural gas interests, including large, established companies with substantial financial resources,
             operational capabilities and long earnings records. Franco-Nevada may be at a competitive disadvantage in
             acquiring those interests, whether by way of royalty, stream or other form of investment, as competitors may have
             greater financial resources and technical staffs. There can be no assurance that Franco-Nevada will be able to
             compete successfully against other companies in acquiring new natural resource properties and royalty/stream
             interests. In addition, Franco-Nevada may be unable to acquire royalties or streams at acceptable valuations which
             may result in a material and adverse effect on Franco-Nevada’s profitability, results of operations and financial
             condition.
             Royalty/stream and other interests may not be honoured by operators of a project
             Royalty/stream and other interests in natural resource properties are largely contractual in nature. Parties to contracts
             do not always honour contractual terms and contracts themselves may be subject to interpretation or technical
             defects. To the extent grantors of royalty/stream and other interests do not abide by their contractual obligations,
             Franco-Nevada would be forced to take legal action to enforce its contractual rights. Such litigation may be time
             consuming and costly and there is no guarantee of success. Any pending proceedings or actions or any decisions
             determined adversely to Franco-Nevada, may have a material and adverse effect on Franco-Nevada’s profitability,
             results of operations, financial condition and the trading price of Franco-Nevada securities.
             There may be unknown defects in the asset portfolio
             A defect in a royalty, stream, working interest or equity interest and/or the underlying contract may arise to defeat or
             impair the claim of Franco-Nevada to such royalty, stream, working interest or equity interest. When Franco-Nevada
             acquired assets from Newmont, it was not provided with title representations and warranties relating to the royalties
             and various equity interests in the Newmont acquisition agreement. Newmont only represented that it would transfer
             the extent of its interest in the assets to Franco-Nevada. If there was a defect in Newmont’s interest in the royalties,
             working interest or equity interest and/or the underlying contract, Franco-Nevada will not have any recourse against
             Newmont under the Newmont acquisition agreement. Unknown defects in the royalty, stream or other assets of
             Franco-Nevada may result in a material and adverse effect on Franco-Nevada’s profitability, results of operations,
             financial condition and the trading price of Franco-Nevada securities.
             Current global financial conditions continue to be challenging
             Global financial conditions have been characterized by ongoing volatility. Global financial conditions could
             suddenly and rapidly destabilize in response to future events, as government authorities may have limited resources
             to respond to future crises. Global capital markets have continued to display increased volatility in response to
             global events. Future crises may be precipitated by any number of causes, including natural disasters, geopolitical
             instability, changes to energy prices or sovereign defaults.
             Any sudden or rapid destabilization of global economic conditions could negatively impact Franco-Nevada’s ability,
             or the ability of the operators of the properties in which Franco-Nevada holds royalties, streams or other interests, to
             obtain equity or debt financing or make other suitable arrangements to finance their projects. Additionally, Franco-
             Nevada may be subject to counterparty risk and liquidity risk. Franco-Nevada is exposed to various counterparty
             risks including, but not limited to (i) through financial institutions that hold Franco-Nevada’s cash, (ii) through
             companies that have payables to Franco-Nevada, (iii) through Franco-Nevada’s insurance providers, and
             (iv) through Franco-Nevada’s lenders. Franco-Nevada is also exposed to liquidity risks in meeting its operating
             expenditure requirements in instances where cash positions are unable to be


                                                                        63




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                      75/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             maintained or appropriate financing is unavailable. These factors may impact the ability of Franco-Nevada to obtain
             loans or other credit facilities or obtain equity financing in the future or to obtain them on terms favourable to
             Franco-Nevada. If increased levels of volatility continue or in the event of a rapid destabilization of global
             economic conditions, Franco-Nevada’s operations could be adversely impacted and the trading price of Franco-
             Nevada securities could be adversely affected.
             Franco-Nevada’s revenue, earnings, the value of its treasury and the value it records for its assets are subject to
             variations in foreign exchange rates, which may adversely affect the revenue generated by the asset portfolio or
             cause adjustments to the recorded value of assets
             Franco-Nevada’s royalty/stream interests are subject to foreign currency fluctuations and inflationary pressures,
             which may have a material and adverse effect on Franco-Nevada’s profitability, results of operations and financial
             condition. There can be no assurance that the steps taken by management to address variations in foreign exchange
             rates will eliminate all adverse effects and Franco-Nevada may suffer losses due to adverse foreign currency rate
             fluctuations.
             The ability to pay dividends will be dependent on the financial condition of Franco-Nevada
             Payment of dividends on the Common Shares is within the discretion of Franco-Nevada’s Board of Directors and
             will depend upon Franco-Nevada’s future earnings, cash flows, acquisition capital requirements and financial
             condition, and other relevant factors. Although Franco-Nevada currently pays a regular dividend, there can be no
             assurance that it will be in a position to declare dividends due to the occurrence of one or more of the risks described
             herein.
             Changes in tax legislation or accounting rules could affect the profitability of Franco-Nevada
             Changes to, or differing interpretation of, taxation laws or regulations in any of Canada, the United States, Mexico,
             Barbados, Australia, Chile, Peru or any of the countries in which Franco-Nevada’s assets or relevant contracting
             parties are located could result in some or all of Franco-Nevada’s profits being subject to additional taxation. No
             assurance can be given that new taxation rules or accounting policies will not be enacted or that existing rules will
             not be applied in a manner which could result in Franco-Nevada’s profits being subject to additional taxation or
             which could otherwise have a material adverse effect on Franco-Nevada’s profitability, results of operations,
             financial condition and the trading price of Franco-Nevada securities. In addition, the introduction of new tax
             rules or accounting policies, or changes to, or differing interpretations of, or application of, existing tax rules or
             accounting policies could make royalties, streams or other investments by Franco-Nevada less attractive
             to counterparties. Such changes could adversely affect Franco-Nevada’s ability to acquire new assets or make future
             investments.
             The Canada Revenue Agency’s (“CRA”) recent focus on foreign income earned by Canadian companies may
             result in adverse tax consequences for Franco-Nevada
             There has been a recent focus by the CRA on income earned by foreign subsidiaries of Canadian companies. The
             majority of Franco-Nevada’s stream assets are owned by and the related revenue is received by its Barbados
             subsidiary. Franco-Nevada has not received any reassessment or proposal from the CRA in connection with income
             earned by its foreign subsidiaries. Although management believes that Franco-Nevada is in full compliance with
             Canadian tax law, there can be no assurance that Franco-Nevada’s structure may not be challenged in future. In the
             event the CRA successfully challenges Franco-Nevada’s structure, this could potentially result in additional federal
             and provincial taxes and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on Franco-Nevada.
             Certain of Franco-Nevada’s directors and officers serve in similar positions with other public companies, which
             could put them in a conflict position from time to time
             Certain of the directors and officers of Franco-Nevada also serve as directors or officers of, or have significant
             shareholdings in, other companies involved in natural resource exploration, development and production and, to the
             extent that such other companies may engage in transactions or participate in the same ventures in which Franco-
             Nevada participates, or in transactions or ventures in which Franco-Nevada may seek to participate, the directors
             and officers of Franco-Nevada may have a conflict of interest in negotiating and concluding terms respecting the
             extent of such participation. In all cases where directors and officers have an interest in other companies, such other
             companies may also compete with Franco-Nevada for the acquisition of royalties/streams, or mineral or oil &
             natural gas property investments. Such conflicts of the directors and officers may result in a material and adverse
             effect on Franco-Nevada’s profitability, results of operations, financial condition and the trading price of Franco-
             Nevada securities.
             Franco-Nevada can provide no assurance that it will be able to obtain adequate financing in the future or that
             the terms of such financing will be favourable and Franco-Nevada may have to raise additional capital through
             the issuance of additional equity, which could result in dilution to Franco-Nevada’s shareholders
             There can be no assurance that Franco-Nevada will be able to obtain adequate financing in the future or that the
             terms of such financing will be favourable. Failure to obtain such additional financing could impede Franco-
             Nevada’s funding obligations, or result in delay or postponement of further business activities which may result in a
             material and adverse effect on Franco-Nevada’s profitability, results of operations and financial condition. Franco-
             Nevada may require new capital to


                                                                       64



file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                     76/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   77/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             continue to grow its business and there are no assurances that capital will be available when needed, if at all. It is
             likely that, at least to some extent, such additional capital will be raised through the issuance of additional equity,
             which could result in dilution to shareholders.
             If Franco-Nevada expands its business beyond the acquisition of royalty/stream interests, Franco-Nevada may
             face new challenges and risks which could affect its profitability, results of operations and financial condition
             Franco-Nevada’s operations and expertise have been focused on the acquisition and management of royalty/stream
             interests. Franco-Nevada may pursue acquisitions outside this area, including acquiring and/or investing in and/or
             developing resource projects. Expansion of Franco-Nevada’s activities into new areas would present challenges and
             risks that it has not faced in the past, including many of the risks described under “Risks Related to Mining
             Operations and Oil & Natural Gas Operations”. The failure to manage these challenges and risks successfully may
             result in a material and adverse effect on Franco-Nevada’s profitability, results of operations, financial condition and
             the trading price of Franco-Nevada securities.
             Potential litigation affecting the properties in which Franco-Nevada holds its royalty/stream interests could have
             an adverse effect on Franco-Nevada
             Potential litigation may arise on a property on which Franco-Nevada holds or has a royalty/stream interest (for
             example, litigation between joint venture partners or between operators and original property owners or
             neighbouring property owners). As a royalty/stream holder, Franco-Nevada will not generally have any influence on
             the litigation and will not generally have access to data. Any such litigation that results in the cessation or reduction
             of production from a property (whether temporary or permanent) could have a material and adverse effect on
             Franco-Nevada’s profitability, results of operations, financial condition and the trading price of Franco-Nevada
             securities.
             Information Systems and Cyber Security
             Franco-Nevada’s operations depend, in part, on its information technology (“IT”) systems, networks, equipment and
             software and the security of these systems. The Company depends on various IT systems to estimate reserve and
             resource quantities, process and record financial data, analyze seismic information, administer its contracts with its
             counterparties and communicate with employees and third-parties. These IT systems, and those of its third-party
             service providers and vendors and the counterparties under its royalty/stream agreements may be vulnerable to an
             increasing number of continually evolving cyber security risks. Unauthorized third parties may be able to penetrate
             network security and misappropriate or compromise confidential information, create system disruptions or cause
             shutdowns. Any such breach or compromise may go undetected for an extended period of time.
             Although to date Franco-Nevada has not experienced any material losses or business interruptions relating to cyber-
             attacks, information security breaches or system failures, any future significant breach of Franco-Nevada’s IT
             systems or data security or misuse of data, particularly if such breach or misuse goes undetected for an extended
             period of time, could result in significant costs, loss of revenue, fines or lawsuits and damage to reputation. The costs
             to eliminate or alleviate cyber or other security problems, including bugs, viruses, worms, malware and other
             security vulnerabilities, could be significant, and our efforts to address these problems may not be successful. The
             significance of any cyber-security breach is difficult to quantify, but may in certain circumstances be material and
             could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
             Risks Related to Mining Operations and Oil & Natural Gas Operations
             Franco-Nevada is subject to the same risk factors as the owners and operators of properties in which it holds a
             royalty, stream or other interests
             To the extent that they relate to the production of minerals or oil & natural gas from, or the continued operation of,
             the properties in which Franco-Nevada holds a royalty, stream or interest, Franco-Nevada will be subject to the risk
             factors applicable to the owners and operators of such mines or projects.
             The inability to add additional reserves to its asset portfolio through either the development of existing resources
             or the acquisition of new mineral or oil & natural gas producing assets could adversely affect Franco-Nevada
             The revenue generated by Franco-Nevada is principally based on the exploitation of mineral and oil & natural gas
             reserves on assets underlying the royalty/stream interests and on which Franco-Nevada has a royalty, stream or other
             interest. Reserves are continually being depleted through extraction and the long-term viability of Franco-Nevada’s
             asset portfolio depends on the replacement of reserves through new producing assets and increases in reserves on
             existing producing assets. While Franco-Nevada may be able to maintain all or a portion of its interest in its reserve
             inventory through acquisitions, its business model relies on the successful development of the non-producing
             properties in its asset portfolio. Exploration for minerals and energy resources is a speculative venture necessarily
             involving substantial risk. There is no certainty that the expenditures made by the operator of any given project will
             result in discoveries of commercial quantities of minerals or energy resources on properties underlying the asset
             portfolio. Even in those cases where a significant mineral or oil & natural gas deposit is identified, there is no
             guarantee that the deposit can be economically extracted. Substantial expenditures are required to


                                                                        65




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                      78/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             establish reserves through drilling, to develop processes to extract the resources and, in the case of new properties, to
             develop the extraction and processing facilities and infrastructure at any site chosen for extraction. Although
             substantial benefits may be derived from the discovery of a major deposit, no assurance can be given that new
             reserves will be identified to replace or increase the amount of reserves currently in the asset portfolio. This includes
             mineral resources, as the resources that have been discovered have not been subjected to sufficient analysis to justify
             commercial operations or the allocation of funds required for development. The inability to add additional reserves
             or to replace existing reserves through either the development of existing resources or the acquisition of new mineral
             or oil & natural gas producing assets may result in a material and adverse effect on Franco-Nevada’s profitability,
             results of operations, financial condition and the trading price of Franco-Nevada securities.
             Reserves and resources are estimates based on interpretation and assumptions and actual production may differ
             from amounts identified in such estimates
             The mineral and oil & natural gas reserves and resources on properties underlying Franco-Nevada’s royalty, stream
             or other interests are estimates only, and no assurance can be given that the estimated reserves and resources are
             accurate or that the indicated level of minerals and oil & natural gas will be produced. Such estimates are, in large
             part, based on interpretations of geological data obtained from drill holes and other sampling techniques. Actual
             mineralization or formations may be different from those predicted. Further, it may take many years from the initial
             phase of drilling before production is possible and during that time the economic feasibility of exploiting a discovery
             may change.
             Market price fluctuations of the applicable commodity, as well as increased production and capital costs or reduced
             recovery rates, may render the proven and probable reserves on properties underlying Franco-Nevada’s
             royalty/stream interests unprofitable to develop at a particular site or sites for periods of time or may render reserves
             containing relatively lower grade mineralization uneconomic. Moreover, short-term operating factors relating to the
             reserves, such as the need for the orderly development of ore bodies or the processing of new or different ore grades,
             may cause reserves to be reduced or not extracted. Estimated reserves may have to be recalculated based on actual
             production experience. The economic viability of a mineral deposit may also be impacted by other attributes of a
             particular deposit, such as size, grade and proximity to infrastructure, governmental regulations and policy relating
             to price, taxes, royalties, land tenure, land use permitting, the import and export of minerals and environmental
             protection and by political and economic stability.
             Resource estimates in particular must be considered with caution. Resource estimates for properties that have not
             commenced production are based, in many instances, on limited and widely spaced drill hole or other limited
             information, which is not necessarily indicative of the conditions between and around drill holes. Such resource
             estimates may require revision as more drilling or other exploration information becomes available or as actual
             production experience is gained. Further, resources may not have demonstrated economic viability and may never be
             extracted by the operator of a property. It should not be assumed that any part or all of the mineral resources on
             properties underlying Franco-Nevada’s royalty/stream interests constitute or will be converted into reserves.
             Any of the foregoing factors may require operators to reduce their reserves and resources, which may result in a
             material and adverse effect on Franco-Nevada’s profitability, results of operations, financial condition and the
             trading price of Franco-Nevada securities.
             The exploration and development of mining and resource properties is inherently dangerous and subject to risks
             beyond the control of Franco-Nevada
             Companies engaged in mining and oil & natural gas activities are subject to all of the hazards and risks inherent in
             exploring for and developing natural resource projects. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to,
             environmental hazards, industrial accidents, labour disputes, increases in the cost of labour, social unrest, changes in
             the regulatory environment, permitting and title risks, impact of non-compliance with laws and regulations, fires,
             explosions, blowouts, cratering, sour gas releases and spills, encountering unusual or unexpected geological
             formations or other geological or grade problems, unanticipated metallurgical characteristics or less than expected
             mineral recovery, encountering unanticipated ground or water conditions, cave-ins, pit wall failures, flooding, rock
             bursts, periodic interruptions due to inclement or hazardous weather conditions, earthquakes, seismic activity, other
             natural disasters or unfavourable operating conditions and losses. Should any of these risks or hazards affect a
             company’s exploration or development activities, it may (i) cause the cost of development or production to increase
             to a point where it would no longer be economic to produce the metal or oil & natural gas from the company’s
             resources or expected reserves, (ii) result in a write down or write-off of the carrying value of one or more projects,
             (iii) cause delays or stoppage of mining or processing, (iv) result in the destruction of properties, processing
             facilities or third party facilities necessary to the company’s operations, (v) cause personal injury or death and
             related legal liability, or (vi) result in the loss of insurance coverage. The occurrence of any of above mentioned
             risks or hazards could result in an interruption or suspension of operation of the properties in which Franco-Nevada
             holds a royalty/stream interest and have a material and adverse effect on Franco-Nevada’s profitability, results of
             operations, financial condition and the trading price of Franco-Nevada securities.


                                                                        66




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                      79/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             Title defects may result in a loss of entitlement to a property
             A defect in the chain of title to any of the properties underlying the royalty, stream or other interests or necessary for
             the anticipated development or operation of a particular project to which a royalty, stream or other interest relates
             may arise to defeat or impair the claim of the operator to a property. In addition, claims by third parties or aboriginal
             groups in Canada and elsewhere may impact on the operator’s ability to conduct activities on a property to the
             detriment of Franco-Nevada’s royalty, stream or other interests. To the extent an owner or operator does not have
             title to the property, it may be required to cease operations or transfer operational control to another party. Many
             royalties, streams or other interests are contractual, rather than an interest in land, with the risk that an assignment or
             bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings by an owner will result in the loss of any effective royalty, stream or other
             interest in a particular property. Further, even in those jurisdictions where there is a right to record or register
             royalties, streams or other interests held by Franco-Nevada in land registries or mining recorders offices, such
             registrations may not necessarily provide any protection to the holder of such interests. Accordingly, the holder of
             such interests may be subject to risk from third parties. As a result, known title defects, as well as unforeseen and
             unknown title defects may impact operations at a project in which Franco-Nevada has a royalty, stream or other
             interest and may result in a material and adverse effect on Franco-Nevada’s profitability, results of operations,
             financial condition and the trading price of Franco-Nevada securities.
             The operations in which Franco-Nevada holds a royalty, stream or other interest require various property rights,
             permits and licenses in order to conduct current and future operations, and delays or a failure to obtain or
             maintain such property rights, permits and licenses, or a failure to comply with the terms of any of such property
             rights, permits and licenses could result in interruption or closure of operations or exploration on the properties
             Exploration, development and operation of mining and oil & natural gas properties are subject to laws and
             regulations governing health and worker safety, employment standards, environmental matters, mine development,
             project development, mineral production, permitting and maintenance of title, exports, taxes, labour standards,
             reclamation obligations, heritage and historic matters and other matters. Franco-Nevada, in respect of its own assets
             and operations, as well as the owners and operators of the properties in which Franco-Nevada holds a royalty, stream
             or other interest, require licenses and permits from various governmental authorities in order to conduct their
             operations. Future changes in such laws and regulations or in such licenses and permits could have a material
             adverse impact on the revenue Franco-Nevada derives from the royalty/stream interests. Such licenses and permits
             are subject to change in various circumstances and are required to be kept in good standing through a variety of
             means, including cash payments and satisfaction of conditions of issue. Such licenses and permits are subject to
             expiration, relinquishment and/or termination without notice to, control of or recourse by Franco-Nevada. There can
             be no guarantee that Franco-Nevada or the owners or operators of those properties in which Franco-Nevada holds a
             royalty, stream or other interest, will be able to obtain or maintain all necessary licenses and permits in good
             standing that may be required to explore, develop and operate the properties, commence construction or operation of
             mining or oil & natural gas facilities, or maintain operations that economically justify the cost. Any failure to
             comply with applicable laws and regulations, permits and licenses, or to maintain permits and licenses in good
             standing, even if inadvertent, could result in interruption or closure of exploration, development or mining
             operations or fines, penalties or other liabilities accruing to the owner or operator of the project. Any such
             occurrence could substantially decrease production or cause the termination of operations on the property and have a
             material and adverse effect on Franco-Nevada’s profitability, results of operations, financial condition and the
             trading price of Franco-Nevada securities.
             Franco-Nevada is exposed to risks related to the permitting, construction, development and/or expansion in
             relation to the projects and properties in which it holds a royalty, stream or other interest
             Many of the projects or properties in which Franco-Nevada holds an interest in are in the permitting, construction,
             development and/or expansion stage and such projects are subject to numerous risks, including, but not limited to
             delays in obtaining equipment, materials and services essential to the construction and development of such projects
             in a timely manner, delays or inability to obtain required permits, changes in environmental or other regulations,
             currency exchange rates, labour shortages, cost escalations and fluctuations in metal prices. There can be no
             assurance that the owners or operators of such projects will have the financial, technical and operational resources to
             complete permitting, construction, development and/or expansion of such projects in accordance with current
             expectations or at all.
             The operations in which Franco-Nevada holds an interest are subject to environmental and endangered species
             laws and regulations that may increase the costs of doing business and may restrict the operations
             All phases of the mining and the oil & natural gas business present environmental risks and hazards and are subject
             to environmental regulation pursuant to a variety of government laws and regulations, including laws and
             regulations relating to the protection of endangered and threatened species. Compliance with such laws and
             regulations can require significant expenditures and a breach may result in the imposition of fines and penalties,
             which may be material. In addition, such laws and regulations can constrain or prohibit the exploration and
             development of new projects or the development or expansion of existing projects. Environmental legislation is
             evolving in a manner expected to result in stricter standards and enforcement, increases in land use restrictions,
             larger fines and liability and potentially increased capital expenditures and operating costs.


                                                                         67




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                        80/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             Any breach of environmental legislation by Franco-Nevada, as an owner or operator of a property, or by owners or
             operators of properties underlying the asset portfolio could have a material impact on the viability of the relevant
             property and impair the revenue derived from the owned property or applicable royalty/stream, which could have a
             material and adverse effect on Franco-Nevada’s profitability, results of operations, financial condition and the
             trading price of Franco-Nevada securities.
             Additional costs may be incurred as a result of international climate change initiatives and may affect the
             availability of resources and cause business disruptions
             Franco-Nevada acknowledges climate change as an international and community concern. Franco-Nevada supports
             and endorses various initiatives for voluntary actions consistent with international initiatives on climate change. In
             addition to voluntary actions, governments are moving to introduce climate change legislation and treaties at the
             international, national, state/provincial and local levels. Where legislation already exists, regulation relating to
             emission levels and energy efficiency is becoming more stringent. Some of the costs associated with reducing
             emissions can be offset by increased energy efficiency and technological innovation. However, if the current
             regulatory trend continues, Franco-Nevada expects this may result in increased costs at some of the operations
             underlying its royalty/stream interests.
             Risks relating to foreign jurisdictions
             Many of the Corporation’s royalty and stream interests relate to properties outside of the United States and Canada,
             including in Latin America and, to a lesser extent, Africa. In addition, future investments may expose the
             Corporation to new jurisdictions. The ownership, development and operation of these properties and the mines and
             projects thereupon by their owners and operators are subject to the risks normally associated with conducting
             business in foreign countries. These risks include, depending on the country, nationalization and expropriation,
             social unrest and political instability, less developed legal and regulatory systems, uncertainties in perfecting mineral
             titles, trade barriers, exchange controls and material changes in taxation. These risks may, among other things, limit
             or disrupt the ownership, development or operation of properties, mines or projects in respect of which the
             Corporation holds royalty and stream interests, restrict the movement of funds, or result in the deprivation of
             contractual rights or the taking of property by nationalization or expropriation without fair compensation.
             The Corporation applies various methods, where practicable, to identify, assess and, where possible, mitigate these
             risks prior to entering into stream and royalty agreements. Such methods generally include: conducting due
             diligence on the political, social, legal and regulatory systems and on the ownership, title and regulatory compliance
             of the properties subject to the royalty or stream interest; engaging experienced local counsel and other advisors in
             the applicable jurisdiction; negotiating where possible so that the applicable royalty or stream agreement contains
             appropriate protections, representations, warranties and, in each case as the Corporation deems necessary or
             appropriate in the circumstances, all applied on a risk-adjusted basis. There can be no assurance, however, that the
             Corporation will be able to identify or mitigate all risks relating to holding royalty and stream interests in respect of
             properties, mines and projects located in foreign jurisdictions, and the occurrence of any of the factors and
             uncertainties described above could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation’s business, results of
             operations, cash flows and financial condition.
             Franco-Nevada is exposed to risks of changing political attitudes and stability and ensuing changes in
             government regulation in the countries in which it holds royalty, stream or other interests
             The properties on which Franco-Nevada holds or will hold a royalty, stream or other interest are located in multiple
             legal jurisdictions and political systems. There is sovereign risk in investing in foreign countries, including the risk
             that the resource concessions may be susceptible to revision or cancellation by new laws, may not be renewed as
             anticipated or may otherwise be adversely impacted by changes in direction by the government in question. It is
             possible that changes in applicable laws, regulations, or in their enforcement or regulatory interpretation could result
             in adverse changes to mineral or oil & natural gas operations. These are matters over which Franco-Nevada has no
             control. There is no assurance that future political and economic conditions in such countries will not result in the
             adoption of different policies or attitudes respecting the development and ownership of resources. Any such changes
             in policy or attitudes may result in changes in laws affecting ownership of assets, land tenure and resource
             concessions, licensing fees, taxation, royalties, price controls, exchange rates, export controls, environmental
             protection, labour relations, foreign investment, nationalization, expropriation, repatriation of income and return of
             capital, which may affect both the ability to undertake exploration and development on, or production from, the
             properties in which Franco-Nevada holds a royalty, stream or other interest. In certain areas where Franco-Nevada
             holds a royalty, stream or other interest, the regulatory environment is in a state of continuing change, and new laws,
             regulations and requirements may be retroactive in their effect and implementation. Any changes in governmental
             laws, regulations, economic conditions or shifts in political attitudes or stability are beyond the control of Franco-
             Nevada and the owners and operators of the properties in which Franco-Nevada has an interest and such changes
             may result in a material and adverse effect on Franco-Nevada’s profitability, results of operations, financial condition
             and the trading price of Franco-Nevada securities.
             Additionally, Franco-Nevada is indirectly exposed to the risks faced by the owners and operators of the properties in
             which Franco-Nevada holds or will hold royalties, streams or other interests in foreign jurisdictions. These include
             risks related to political and economic instability, under-developed legal systems, inconsistencies in the application
             of local laws and other


                                                                        68



file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                      81/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             legal uncertainty, terrorism, military repression, political violence, crime, corruption, infectious diseases,
             unsophisticated infrastructure and inaccessibility.
             Changes to provincial and state royalty frameworks may have an adverse effect on the revenue generated by
             Oil & Gas Assets
             In addition to federal regulation, each Canadian province and U.S. state has legislation and regulations that govern
             royalties, production rates and other matters. The royalty regime in a given province or state is a significant factor in
             the profitability of crude oil, natural gas liquids, sulfur and natural gas production. Royalties payable on production
             from lands other than Crown or U.S. federal government lands are determined by negotiation between the mineral
             freehold owner and the lessee, although production from such lands is subject to certain taxes and
             royalties. Royalties from production on Crown or U.S. federal government lands are determined by governmental
             regulation and are generally calculated as a percentage of the value of gross production. The rate of royalties
             payable generally depends in part on prescribed reference prices, well productivity, geographical location, field
             discovery date, method of recovery and the type or quality of the petroleum product produced. Other royalties and
             royalty-like interests are, from time to time, carved out of the working interest owner’s interest through non-public
             transactions. These are often referred to as overriding royalties, gross overriding royalties, net profits interests, or
             net carried interests.
             Occasionally the governments of the western Canadian provinces create incentive programs for exploration and
             development. Such programs often provide for royalty rate reductions, royalty holidays, or royalty tax credits and
             are generally introduced when commodity prices are low to encourage exploration and development activity by
             improving earnings and cash flow within the industry.
             Any increased royalty burden may affect the operations of the owners or operators of properties underlying Franco-
             Nevada’s Oil & Gas Assets which may materially and adversely affect its profitability, results of operations, financial
             condition and the trading price of Franco-Nevada securities.
             Proposed changes to U.S. federal mining and public land law could impose, among other things, royalties and
             fees paid to the U.S. government by mining companies and royalty holders
             Periodically, members of the U.S. Congress have introduced bills which would supplant or alter the provisions of
             The General Mining Law of 1872 which governs the disposition of metallic minerals on lands owned by the federal
             government. Some of the production covered by Franco-Nevada’s royalties occurs on unpatented mining claims
             located on U.S. federal lands. The Obama administration’s proposed budget for fiscal year 2017 included a proposal
             to amend the U.S. mining law to impose a royalty on the production of select hardrock minerals, such as silver, gold
             and copper, from U.S. federal lands, and a reclamation fee on production from federal and other lands. Such
             proposal, if enacted by the U.S. Congress, could substantially increase the cost of holding mining claims and could
             reduce the revenue Franco-Nevada receives from royalties on unpatented mining claims, and to a lesser extent, on
             other lands in the United States. Moreover, such legislation could significantly impair the ability of owners of
             properties subject to Franco-Nevada’s royalties to develop mineral resources on unpatented mining
             claims. Although it is impossible at this time to predict what royalties and fees may be imposed in the future, the
             imposition of such royalties and fees could adversely affect the potential for development of such mining claims and
             the economics of existing operating mines on federal lands. Passage of such legislation may result in a material and
             adverse effect on Franco-Nevada’s profitability, results of operations, financial condition and the trading price of
             Franco-Nevada securities.
             Adequate infrastructure may not be available to develop the properties in which Franco-Nevada has an interest
             Mining, processing, development and exploration activities depend, to one degree or another, on adequate
             infrastructure. Reliable roads, bridges, power sources and water supply are important determinants, which affect
             capital and operating costs. Unusual or infrequent weather phenomena, sabotage, government or other interference
             in the maintenance or provision of such infrastructure could adversely affect the operations in which Franco-Nevada
             has a royalty/stream interest.
             North American crude oil price differentials are expected to continue to be volatile throughout 2017 which will have
             an impact on crude oil prices for Canadian producers. Overall, supply in excess of current pipeline and refining
             capacity is expected to exist. Material structural changes are required to reduce these bottlenecks and the resulting
             price discounts. There are numerous projects proposed to alleviate pipeline bottlenecks in Canada and the United
             States, expand refinery capacity and expand or build new pipelines in Canada and the United States to source new
             markets, some of which are in the regulatory application phase. There can be no assurance that such regulatory
             approvals will be secured on a timely basis or at all.
             Production is dependent on operators’ employees
             Production from the properties in which Franco-Nevada holds an interest depends on the efforts of operators’
             employees. There is competition for geologists and persons with mining and oil & gas expertise. The ability of the
             owners and operators of such properties to hire and retain geologists and persons with mining expertise is key to
             those operations. Further, relations with employees may be affected by changes in the scheme of labour relations
             that may be introduced by the relevant governmental authorities in the jurisdictions in which those operations are
             conducted. Changes in such legislation or otherwise


                                                                        69



file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                      82/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             in the relationships of the owners and operators of such properties with their employees may result in strikes,
             lockouts or other work stoppages, any of which could have a material adverse effect on such operations, results of
             operations and financial condition of Franco-Nevada. If these factors cause the owners and operators of such
             properties to decide to cease production at one or more of the properties, such decision could have a material
             adverse effect on the business and financial condition of Franco-Nevada.
             Franco-Nevada is subject to risks related to certain operations in Africa
             Certain operators are subject to risks normally associated with the conduct of business in Africa. Risks may include,
             among others, problems relating to power supply, labour disputes, delays or invalidation of governmental orders and
             permits, corruption, uncertain political and economic environments, civil disturbances and crime, arbitrary changes
             in laws or policies, foreign taxation and exchange controls, nationalization of assets, opposition to mining from
             environmental or other non-governmental organizations or changes in the political attitude towards mining, Black
             Economic Empowerment participation requirements, limitations on foreign ownership, power supply issues,
             limitations on repatriation of earnings, infrastructure limitations and increased financing costs. The above risks may
             limit, disrupt or negatively impact the operator’s business activities.
             Franco-Nevada is subject to risks related to indigenous people
             Various international and national, state and provincial laws, codes, resolutions, conventions, guidelines, treaties,
             and other principles and considerations relate to the rights of indigenous peoples. Franco-Nevada holds
             royalty/stream interests on operations located in some areas presently or previously inhabited or used by indigenous
             peoples. Many of these materials impose obligations on government to respect the rights of indigenous people.
             Some mandate consultation with indigenous people regarding actions which may affect indigenous people, including
             actions to approve or grant mining rights or permits. The obligations of government and private parties under the
             various international and national requirements, principles and considerations pertaining to indigenous people
             continue to evolve and be defined. Franco-Nevada’s current and future operations are subject to a risk that one or
             more groups of indigenous people may oppose continued operation, further development, or new development of
             those projects or operations on which Franco-Nevada holds a royalty, stream or other interest. Such opposition may
             be directed through legal or administrative proceedings or protests, roadblocks or other forms of public expression
             against Franco-Nevada or the operators’ activities. Opposition by indigenous people to such activities may require
             modification of or preclude operation or development of projects or may require the entering into of agreements with
             indigenous people. Claims and protests of indigenous peoples may disrupt or delay activities of the operators of
             Franco-Nevada’s royalty/stream assets.
             Risks Related to Franco-Nevada’s securities
             Franco-Nevada’s securities are subject to price volatility
             Securities markets have a high level of price and volume volatility, and the market price of securities of many
             companies have experienced wide fluctuations in price which have not necessarily been related to the operating
             performance, underlying asset values or prospects of such companies. Factors unrelated to the financial performance
             or prospects of Franco-Nevada include macroeconomic developments in North America and globally, and market
             perceptions of the attractiveness of particular industries or asset classes. There can be no assurance that continued
             fluctuations in mineral and oil & natural gas prices will not occur. As a result of any of these factors, the market
             price of Franco-Nevada’s securities at any given time may not accurately reflect the long term value of Franco-
             Nevada.
             In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, shareholders have instituted
             class action securities litigation against them. Such litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial cost and
             diversion of management attention and resources, which could significantly harm profitability and the reputation of
             Franco-Nevada.
             There may be limitations on enforcement of civil judgments
             A substantial portion of the assets of Franco-Nevada are located outside of Canada. As a result, it may not be
             possible for investors in Franco-Nevada’s securities to collect from Franco-Nevada judgments obtained in courts in
             Canada predicated on the civil liability provisions of securities legislation of certain of the provinces and territories
             of Canada. It may also be difficult for investors in Franco-Nevada’s securities to succeed in a lawsuit in the United
             States, based solely on violations of Canadian securities laws.
             Additional issuance of securities by Franco-Nevada may dilute existing securityholders, reduce some or all of
             Franco-Nevada’s financial measures on a per share basis, reduce the trading price of the Common Shares or
             other Franco-Nevada securities or impede Franco-Nevada’s ability to raise future capital
             Franco-Nevada may issue additional securities in the future in connection with acquisitions, strategic transactions,
             financings or for other purposes. To the extent additional securities are issued, Franco-Nevada’s existing
             securityholders could be diluted and some or all of Franco-Nevada’s financial measures could be reduced on a per
             share basis. Additionally, Franco-Nevada securities issued in connection with a transaction may not be subject to
             resale restrictions and, as such, the market price of


                                                                        70




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                      83/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             Franco-Nevada’s securities may decline if certain large holders of Franco-Nevada securities or recipients of Franco-
             Nevada securities in connection with an acquisition, sell all or a significant portion of such securities or are
             perceived by the market as intending to sell such securities. In addition, such issuances of securities may impede
             Franco-Nevada’s ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities in the future.
             Franco-Nevada may be, or may become, a “passive foreign investment company,” which may result in adverse
             tax consequences for United States investors
             If Franco-Nevada were to constitute a PFIC for any year during a U.S. holder’s holding period, then certain
             potentially adverse U.S. federal income tax rules would affect the U.S. federal income tax consequences to such
             U.S. holder resulting from the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Common Shares.
             The U.S. Treasury Department has not issued specific guidance on how the income and assets of a non-U.S.
             corporation such as Franco-Nevada will be treated under the PFIC rules. Franco-Nevada believes, on a more-likely-
             than-not basis, that it was not a PFIC for its tax year ended December 31, 2016, and, based on its current and
             anticipated business activities and financial expectations, Franco-Nevada expects, on a more-likely-than-not basis,
             that it will not be a PFIC for its current tax year and for the foreseeable future. However, Franco-Nevada believes
             that it was a PFIC for its tax year ended December 31, 2011, and prior tax years.
             The determination as to whether a corporation is, or will be, a PFIC for a particular tax year depends, in part, on the
             application of complex U.S. federal income tax rules, which are subject to differing interpretations and uncertainty.
             In addition, there is limited authority on the application of the relevant PFIC rules to entities such as Franco-Nevada.
             Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service will not challenge the views of Franco-
             Nevada concerning its PFIC status. In addition, whether any corporation will be a PFIC for any tax year depends on
             its assets and income over the course of such tax year, and, as a result, Franco-Nevada’s PFIC status for its current
             tax year and any future tax year cannot be predicted with certainty. Each U.S. holder should consult its own tax
             adviser regarding the PFIC status of Franco-Nevada.
             This risk factor is qualified in its entirety by the discussion set forth under the heading, “United States Federal
             Income Tax Considerations” contained in Franco-Nevada’s Annual Report on Form 40-F which has been filed with
             the SEC and can be found at the SEC’s website www.sec.gov.
             Franco-Nevada’s business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations that
             have increased both Franco-Nevada’s compliance costs and the risk of noncompliance, which could have an
             adverse effect on the price of Franco-Nevada’s securities
             Franco-Nevada is subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of United States and Canadian
             governmental and self-regulated organizations, including the SEC, the Canadian Securities Administrators, the
             NYSE, the TSX, and the Financial Accounting Standards Board. These rules and regulations continue to evolve in
             scope and complexity making compliance more difficult and uncertain. For example, new rules have been proposed
             and enacted that will require Franco-Nevada to disclose on an annual basis certain payments made by Franco-
             Nevada, its subsidiaries or entities controlled by it, to domestic and foreign governments, including sub-national
             governments. Further, Franco-Nevada’s efforts to comply with these and other new and existing rules and
             regulations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses
             and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities.
             Franco-Nevada may fail to maintain the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting as per the
             requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
             Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“SOX”) requires an annual assessment by management of the
             effectiveness of Franco-Nevada’s internal control over financial reporting and an attestation report by Franco-
             Nevada’s independent auditors addressing this assessment. While Franco-Nevada’s internal controls over financial
             reporting for the year ended December 31, 2016 were effective, Franco-Nevada may in the future fail to achieve and
             maintain the adequacy of its internal control over financial reporting, as such standards are modified, supplemented
             or amended from time to time, and Franco-Nevada may not be able to ensure that it can conclude on an ongoing
             basis that it has effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of SOX. Franco-
             Nevada’s failure to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of SOX on an ongoing, timely basis could result in the
             loss of investor confidence in the reliability of its financial statements, which in turn could harm Franco-Nevada’s
             business and negatively impact the trading price of its Common Shares. In addition, any failure to implement
             required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm Franco-Nevada’s
             operating results or cause it to fail to meet its reporting obligations. Future acquisitions of companies may provide
             Franco-Nevada with challenges in implementing the required processes, procedures and controls in its acquired
             operations. Acquired companies may not have disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial
             reporting that are as thorough or effective as those required by securities laws currently applicable to Franco-
             Nevada.
             No evaluation can provide complete assurance that Franco-Nevada’s internal control over financial reporting will
             detect or uncover all failures of persons within Franco-Nevada to disclose material information otherwise required to
             be reported. The


                                                                       71




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                     84/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             effectiveness of Franco-Nevada’s controls and procedures could also be limited by simple errors or faulty
             judgments. In addition, should Franco-Nevada expand in the future, the challenges involved in implementing
             appropriate internal control over financial reporting will increase and will require that Franco-Nevada continue to
             improve its internal control over financial reporting. Although Franco-Nevada intends to devote substantial time
             and incur substantial costs, as necessary, to ensure compliance, Franco-Nevada cannot be certain that it will be
             successful in complying with Section 404 on an ongoing basis.
             Franco-Nevada may become subject to burdensome regulatory requirements under U.S. laws regulating pension
             plans
             Franco-Nevada may not qualify as an “operating company” for purposes of the Employee Retirement Income
             Security Act of 1974 (United States), as amended (“ERISA”). Consequently, if 25% or more of the issued Common
             Shares were held by private pension plans subject to ERISA or plans subject to the U.S. Internal Revenue Code’s
             “prohibited transaction” rules (such as individual retirement accounts), then Franco-Nevada’s assets would be
             treated as ERISA “plan assets”. As a result, Franco-Nevada could become subject to the ERISA regulatory regime,
             including, among other potentially burdensome regulatory requirements, heightened fiduciary duties owed to plan
             participants. While Franco-Nevada intends to monitor beneficial ownership of its Common Shares by ERISA plans,
             there can be no assurance that Franco-Nevada will not become subject to ERISA regulations in the future. If Franco-
             Nevada were subject to ERISA regulatory requirements, it could have a material and adverse effect on Franco-
             Nevada’s ability to manage its business and/or its results of operations and financial condition.


                                                                     72




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                85/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                                                                 DIVIDENDS
             Franco-Nevada declares its dividends in U.S. dollars. The following tables set forth the dividends paid by Franco-
             Nevada for each of the three most recently completed financial years in U.S. dollars and the Canadian dollar
             equivalent.
               Dividends Paid in US$ (in millions)                                                 2016           2015           2014
               Per Common Share (in dollars)                                                     $ 0.87         $ 0.83         $ 0.78
               Cash payments                                                                     $ 118.1        $ 94.1         $ 90.7
               DRIP payments(1)                                                                  $ 38.7         $ 34.9         $ 27.3
               In aggregate(1)                                                                   $ 156.8        $ 129.0        $ 118.0
                           (1) For 2016, 2015 and 2014, includes DRIP payments which were satisfied by the issuance of 588,182, 750,111, and 534,104 Common Shares
                               respectively.

               Dividends Paid in C$ (in millions)                                                  2016           2015           2014
               Per Common Share (in dollars)(1)                                                  $ 1.11         $ 0.87         $ 0.87
               Cash payments(1)                                                                  $ 149.9        $ 122.4        $ 101.3
               DRIP payments(1)(2)                                                               $ 50.8         $ 45.5         $ 30.4
               In aggregate(1)(2)                                                                $ 200.6        $ 167.9        $ 131.7
                           (1) The exchange rate used to convert the dividends to C$ is the noon rate posted by the Bank of Canada on the day before the dividend declaration
                               date.
                           (2) For 2016, 2015 and 2014, includes DRIP payments which were satisfied by the issuance of 588,182, 750,111 and 534,104 Common Shares
                               respectively.

             Franco-Nevada has adopted a dividend policy to pay an adequate sustainable dividend as determined by its Board of
             Directors to qualify its Common Shares for large generalist institutional funds. In July 2010, Franco-Nevada began
             to declare and pay monthly dividends and, effective Q2 2014, the Board of Directors began to pay dividends on a
             quarterly basis. The Board of Directors may change the dividend policy at any time at its sole discretion and there is
             no assurance that Franco-Nevada will be able to pay any dividends or sustain any level of dividend payments. It is
             expected that the Board of Directors will conduct periodic reviews of Franco-Nevada’s dividend policy.
             On July 9, 2013, Franco-Nevada adopted a DRIP to provide, among other things, eligible holders of Franco-
             Nevada’s Common Shares with a means to reinvest dividends declared and payable to them as shareholders (less
             any withholding tax) in additional Common Shares of Franco-Nevada. Currently, such Common Shares are issued
             from treasury at a 3% discount to the market price. The discount may be adjusted in future but cannot exceed
             5%. Shareholders were able to participate in the DRIP starting with the October 2013 dividend payment.
                                                                        CAPITAL STRUCTURE
             The authorized share capital of Franco-Nevada consists of an unlimited number of Common Shares and an
             unlimited number of preferred shares of which, as of March 21, 2017, 178,483,895 Common Shares and no
             preferred shares were outstanding.
             Common Shares
             Each Common Share carries the right to one vote at all meetings of shareholders of Franco-Nevada. There are no
             special rights or restrictions of any nature attached to the Common Shares. All Common Shares rank equally as to
             dividends, voting powers and participation in assets upon liquidation of Franco-Nevada.
             Preferred Shares
             The preferred shares may be issued in one or more series, each series to consist of such number of shares as may,
             before the issue thereof, be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors. The directors shall determine before the
             issue thereof the designations, rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions attaching to the preferred shares of each
             series including the rate or amount of dividends or the method of calculating dividends, the dates of payment
             thereof, the redemption and/or purchase prices and terms and conditions of redemption and/or purchase, any voting
             rights, any conversion rights and any sinking fund or other provisions.
             The preferred shares of each series will, with respect to payment of dividends and the distribution of assets in the
             event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up, rank on a parity with the preferred shares of every other series and
             be entitled to preference over the Common Shares and over any other shares ranking junior to the preferred shares.
             The preferred shares of any series may also be given such other preferences over the Common Shares and over any
             other shares ranking junior to the preferred shares as may be fixed by the directors.
             Warrants
             Franco-Nevada has outstanding certain warrants to purchase Common Shares, of which the following class is listed
             and posted for trading.


                                                                                         73




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                                             86/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             2017 Warrants
             The Corporation has outstanding as of the date hereof 6,508,524 warrants, each warrant entitling the holder to
             purchase one Common Share upon payment of C$75.00 until June 16, 2017 (the “2017 Warrants”). In addition, the
             Corporation has issued one special warrant which is exchangeable into 2,000,000 2017 Warrants upon the holder
             achieving certain permitting, development and financing criteria. The 2017 Warrants are listed and posted for
             trading on the TSX under the symbol “FNV.WT.A”.
                                                     MARKET FOR SECURITIES
             The Common Shares of Franco-Nevada are listed and posted for trading on the TSX and the New York Stock
             Exchange (“NYSE”) in each case under the symbol “FNV”.
             The 2017 Warrants are listed and posted for trading on the TSX under the symbol “FNV.WT.A”.
             Trading Price and Volume
             The following table sets forth the high and low prices and volumes for the Common Shares traded on the TSX and
             on the NYSE for the most recently completed financial year.
                                                                     Common Shares TSX                   Common Shares NYSE
                                                                High C$ Low C$      Volume            High $ Low $     Volume
             2016
             January                                              70.12         58.67    14,013,027   49.68   41.47   20,153,978
             February                                             85.86         60.90    26,993,580   62.09   43.33   36,711,925
             March                                                88.89         74.50    23,212,624   68.40   55.55   28,368,539
             April                                                90.25         77.63    14,885,185   71.48   59.52   19,872,318
             May                                                  91.61         79.82    13,400,574   71.24   60.77   19,320,160
             June                                                 98.94         82.78    13,978,108   76.38   63.19   22,617,677
             July                                                104.19         94.30     9,584,599   80.22   71.27   11,976,237
             August                                              105.69         90.25     9,480,402   81.16   68.68   13,540,176
             September                                            99.53         90.38    10,192,592   76.79   68.75   14,690,314
             October                                              92.11         81.90    10,848,097   70.18   61.76   14,270,560
             November                                             92.84         73.16    16,737,166   69.36   53.87   20,984,536
             December                                             84.24         71.44    16,794,138   62.64   53.31   21,607,630
             2017
             January                                              86.28         79.71    11,453,168   65.71   59.30   14,173,909
             February                                             90.46         83.31    10,783,261   69.06   63.59   11,354,992
             March (1-21)                                         88.65         81.01     9,284,895   66.56   60.10   12,547,531
             The following table sets forth the high and low prices and volumes for the 2017 Warrants traded on the TSX for the
             most recently completed financial year.
                                                             2017 Warrants
                                                   High C$     Low C$    Volume
             2016
             January                                 10.80       7.35          296,395
             February                                18.33       7.90        1,108,201
             March                                   20.48      12.00          427,710
             April                                   21.60      13.50          376,067
             May                                     22.51      14.80          275,673
             June                                    28.50      16.60          247,364
             July                                    32.77      25.00          177,895
             August                                  33.01      21.90          249,401
             September                               28.95      21.76          139,610
             October                                 22.35      18.18           62,137
             November                                22.50      10.87           48,609
             December                                14.95       8.11          140,295
             2017
             January                                 14.20      11.08         407,220
             February                                16.80      11.14         175,527
             March (1-21)                            14.25       8.88         175,053



                                                                        74




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                87/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                                               DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS
             The following table sets forth, as at the date hereof, the name, province or state and country of residence, position
             held with Franco-Nevada and principal occupation of each director and executive officer of Franco-Nevada:
             Name and Municipality of Residence                 Position with Franco-Nevada(1)                       Principal Occupation

             Pierre Lassonde                            Director and Chairman                           Chair, Franco-Nevada
             Toronto, Ontario, Canada
             David Harquail                             Director, President &                           President and Chief Executive
             Toronto, Ontario, Canada                   Chief Executive Officer                         Officer, Franco-Nevada
             Tom Albanese(3)                  Director                                                  Chief Executive Officer,
             Hillsborough, New Jersey, U.S.A.                                                           Vedanta Resources plc
             Derek W. Evans(3)                          Director                                        President and CEO, Pengrowth
             Calgary, Alberta, Canada                                                                   Energy Corporation
             Graham Farquharson(2)                      Director                                        President, Strathcona Mineral
             Toronto, Ontario, Canada                                                                   Services Limited
             Catharine Farrow                           Director                                        Chief Executive Officer, TMAC
             Sudbury, Ontario, Canada                                                                   Resources Inc.
             Louis Gignac(2)                            Director                                        President, G Mining Services Inc.
             Brossard, Quebec, Canada
             Randall Oliphant(3)                        Director                                        Corporate Director
             Toronto, Ontario, Canada
             Hon. David R. Peterson(2)                  Director                                        Chairman, Cassels Brock &
             Toronto, Ontario, Canada                                                                   Blackwell LLP
             Sandip Rana                                Chief Financial Officer                         Chief Financial Officer, Franco-Nevada
             Brampton, Ontario, Canada
             Paul Brink                                 Senior Vice President, Business                 Senior Vice President, Business
             Toronto, Ontario, Canada                   Development                                     Development, Franco-Nevada
             Lloyd Hong                                 Chief Legal Officer & Corporate                 Chief Legal Officer & Corporate
                                                        Secretary
             Toronto, Ontario, Canada                                                                   Secretary, Franco-Nevada

             (1)     All of the directors have served since November 2007 with the exception of Derek Evans, Tom Albanese and Catharine Farrow who were
                    appointed in August 2008, August 2013 and May 2015 respectively.
             (2)    Member of the Compensation and Corporate Governance Committee.
             (3)    Member of the Audit and Risk Committee.
             Each director’s term of office expires at the next annual meeting of shareholders of Franco-Nevada or when his or
             her successor is duly elected or appointed, unless his or her term ends earlier in accordance with the articles or by-
             laws of Franco-Nevada, he or she resigns from office or he or she becomes disqualified to act as a director of
             Franco-Nevada.
             As of the date hereof, the directors and executive officers of Franco-Nevada, as a group, beneficially own, directly or
             indirectly, or exercise control or direction over an aggregate of 3,966,131 Common Shares, representing
             approximately 2.2% of the Common Shares outstanding.
             Biographical information regarding the directors and executive officers of Franco-Nevada is provided as follows:
             Pierre Lassonde, Director and Chair — Pierre Lassonde is the independent Chair of the Board. Mr. Lassonde
             formerly served as President of Newmont from 2002 to 2006 and as a director and Vice-Chair of Newmont until
             November 30, 2007. Previously, Mr. Lassonde served as a director and President (1982 to 2002) and Co-CEO (1999
             to 2002) of Old Franco-Nevada. Mr. Lassonde also served as President and CEO of Euro-Nevada Mining
             Corporation Limited from 1985 to 1999, prior to its amalgamation with Old Franco-Nevada. Mr. Lassonde served
             as a director of Normandy from 2001 to 2002 and of New Gold Inc. from 2008 to 2016. Mr. Lassonde is past Chair
             and a past director of the World Gold Council, past Chair of the Quebec National Art Museum and a director of
             Enghouse Systems Limited. Mr. Lassonde received his Chartered Financial Analyst designation from the CFA
             Institute in 1984, a P. Eng (Association of Professional Engineers of Ontario) in 1976, a Master of Business
             Administration from the University of Utah in 1973, a B.Sc. (Electrical Engineering) from Ecole Polytechnique in
             1971


                                                                                 75




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                       88/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             and a B.A. from Seminaire de St. Hyacinthe/Université de Montréal in 1967. Mr. Lassonde was appointed a
             Member of the Order of Canada in 2002, was inducted into the Canadian Mining Hall of Fame in 2013 and was
             appointed Chair of the Canadian Council for the Arts in July 2015.
             David Harquail, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director — David Harquail is President & CEO and is a
             director of Franco-Nevada. He served as Executive Vice President of Newmont (2006 to 2007) and previously
             served as President and Managing Director of Newmont Capital, the merchant banking division of Newmont (2002
             to 2006). Prior to the acquisition by Newmont of Old Franco-Nevada in 2002, Mr. Harquail was with Old Franco-
             Nevada for a period of 15 years with the final position of Senior Vice President responsible for the metals royalty
             division and corporate development. He is on the board of the World Gold Council and has also held roles as
             President and CEO of Redstone Resources Inc., as a director of Inco Limited, Echo Bay Mines Limited, Kinross
             Gold Corporation and the Prospectors and Developers Association of Canada and as a task force advisor to the
             Toronto Stock Exchange. Mr. Harquail holds a B.A.Sc. in Geological Engineering from the University of Toronto,
             an MBA from McGill University and is a registered Professional Engineer in Ontario. He is also a major benefactor
             of the School of Earth Sciences and its Mineral Exploration Research Centre (MERC) at Laurentian University in
             Sudbury.
             Tom Albanese, Director — Tom Albanese is CEO and a director of Vedanta Resources plc and is a director of
             Franco-Nevada. Mr. Albanese is also CEO and a director of Vedanta Limited (formerly known as SesaSterlite Ltd.),
             a subsidiary of Vedanta Resources plc. From 2007 to January 2013, Mr. Albanese was CEO of Rio Tinto plc. Mr.
             Albanese previously served on the boards of Ivanhoe Mines Limited, Palabora Mining Company and Turquoise Hill
             Resources Limited. Mr. Albanese holds a Master’s of Science degree in Mining Engineering and a Bachelor of
             Science degree in Mineral Economics both from the University of Alaska Fairbanks.
             Derek W. Evans, Director — Derek Evans is President and CEO of Pengrowth Energy Corporation (an oil and
             natural gas company), and is a director of Franco-Nevada. From May to September 2009, Mr. Evans was President
             and Chief Operating Officer of Pengrowth Energy Trust. Mr. Evans served as President and CEO of Focus Energy
             Trust from May 2002 until March 2008. Mr. Evans has over 30 years of experience in a variety of operational and
             senior management positions in the oil and gas business in Western Canada. Mr. Evans holds a Bachelor of Science
             degree in Mining Engineering from Queen’s University and is a registered Professional Engineer in Alberta. Mr.
             Evans is also a member of the Institute of Corporate Directors.
             Graham Farquharson, Director — Graham Farquharson is President of Strathcona Mineral Services Limited (a
             mining consulting firm) and is a director of Franco-Nevada. Mr. Farquharson previously served on the boards of
             Placer Dome Inc., Cambior Inc., St Andrew Goldfields Ltd. and several other mining companies. In addition, Mr.
             Farquharson is the Chair of the Canadian Mineral Industry Education Foundation. Mr. Farquharson holds a
             Bachelor of Science degree in Mining Engineering from the University of Alberta, a Master’s degree in Business
             Administration from Queen’s University and is a registered Professional Engineer in Ontario. Mr. Farquharson was
             inducted into the Canadian Mining Hall of Fame in 2010.
             Dr. Catharine Farrow, Director — Dr. Catharine Farrow is CEO and a director of TMAC Resources Inc. (a gold
             exploration and mining company) and President of FarExGeoMine Ltd. (a private consultancy) and is a director of
             Franco-Nevada. In addition, Dr. Farrow is also an advisory board member of the Laurentian University Goodman
             School of Mines. Dr. Farrow previously served as Chief Operating Officer of KGHM International Ltd. (formerly
             Quadra FNX Mining Company Inc.). Dr. Farrow is a member of the Association of Professional Geoscientists of
             Ontario and the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy & Petroleum, a fellow member of the Society of
             Economic Geologists and is an Adjunct Professor at Laurentian University. She holds a Doctorate in Earth Sciences
             from Carleton University, a Master’s degree in Geology from Acadia University, and a Bachelor of Science degree
             in Geology from Mount Allison University.
             Louis Gignac, Director — Louis Gignac is Chair of G Mining Services Inc. (a private consultancy) and is a
             director of Franco-Nevada. Mr. Gignac previously served as President, CEO and a director of Cambior Inc. from its
             creation in 1986 until its acquisition by IAMGOLD Corporation in 2006. Mr. Gignac previously held management
             positions with Falconbridge Copper Company and Exxon Minerals Company and has served as a director of several
             companies including St Andrew Goldfields Ltd., Marengo Mining Limited and Gaz Métro Inc. Mr. Gignac also
             served as a professor in mining engineering at Laval University from 1979 to 1981. Mr. Gignac serves as a director
             of Domtar Corporation but will not be standing for re-election to the Domtar board and will cease to be a director as
             of May 3, 2017. Mr. Gignac is a member of the Ordre des ingénieurs du Québec. Mr. Gignac holds a Doctorate of
             Engineering in Mining Engineering from the University of Missouri Rolla, a Master’s degree in Mineral
             Engineering from the University of Minnesota, and a Bachelor of Science degree in Mining Engineering from Laval
             University. Mr. Gignac was inducted into the Canadian Mining Hall of Fame in 2016.
             Randall Oliphant, Director — Randall Oliphant is a director of Franco-Nevada. Mr. Oliphant serves as a director
             of New Gold Inc., WesternZagros Resources Ltd. and is also a member of the advisory board of Metalmark Capital
             LLC. Mr. Oliphant is the current Chairman of the World Gold Council and has also served on the boards and
             advisory boards of a number of companies and not-for-profit organizations. Mr. Oliphant held positions with
             Barrick Gold Corporation from 1987 to 2003 and served as Barrick’s President and CEO from 1999 to 2003. He
             served as New Gold’s Executive Chairman from 2009 to 2017. Mr. Oliphant received his Bachelor of Commerce
             degree in 1984 from the University of Toronto and his Chartered Professional


                                                                      76




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                  89/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             Accountant, CA designation in 1986. Mr. Oliphant received the FCPA, FCA designation in 2016, the accounting
             profession’s highest distinction in recognition of his significant career achievements and contributions to the
             community.
             Hon. David R. Peterson, Director — David Peterson is Senior Counsel at the law firm Cassels Brock & Blackwell
             LLP and is a director of Franco-Nevada. He was the Premier of the Province of Ontario from 1985 to 1990. He was
             the founding Chair of the Toronto Raptors of the National Basketball Association and was the Chair of the
             successful Toronto Bid for the 2015 Pan Am Games and was the Chair of the 2015 Pan American and Parapan
             American Games Organizing Committee. Mr. Peterson also serves as a director of Rogers Communications Inc. and
             VersaPay Corporation. Mr. Peterson is Chancellor Emeritus of the University of Toronto and a director of St.
             Michael’s Hospital Foundation. Mr. Peterson holds an LL.B. from the University of Toronto, was called to the Bar
             of Ontario in 1969, appointed Queen’s Counsel in 1980 and summoned by Her Majesty to the Privy Council in
             1992.
             Sandip Rana, Chief Financial Officer — Sandip Rana rejoined Franco-Nevada in April 2010. He previously
             served in treasurer and controller roles at the original Franco-Nevada until 2002 and then acted as an international
             controller for Newmont Mining Corporation. From 2003 to April 2010, Mr. Rana held financial roles at Four
             Seasons Hotels Limited where he most recently served as Vice-President Corporate Finance. Mr. Rana holds a
             Bachelor of Business Administration degree from the Schulich School of Business and is a Chartered Professional
             Accountant, CA.
             Paul Brink, Senior Vice President, Business Development — Paul Brink, Senior Vice President, Business
             Development has been with Franco-Nevada since its inception. He previously held the position of Director of
             Corporate Development at Newmont Capital and has additional experience in mining investment banking and in
             project financing. Mr. Brink holds a Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of
             Witwatersrand and a Master’s degree in Management Studies from Oxford University.
             Lloyd Hong, Chief Legal Officer & Corporate Secretary — Lloyd Hong, Chief Legal Officer & Corporate
             Secretary, joined Franco-Nevada in December 2012. He previously was the Senior Vice‐President, Legal Counsel
             and Assistant Secretary of Uranium One Inc. Prior to that, he was a partner with the Canadian law firm of Davis LLP
             (now DLA Piper (Canada) LLP) with a practice focused on corporate finance and mergers and acquisitions. Mr.
             Hong holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Alberta and a Bachelor of Laws degree from
             Queen’s University. Mr. Hong is a member of The Law Society of Upper Canada and The Law Society of British
             Columbia.
             Cease Trade Orders, Bankruptcies, Penalties or Sanctions
             Except as set out below, no director or executive officer of Franco-Nevada (or where applicable, personal holding
             company of a director or executive officer):
                       (a)    is, as at the date hereof, or has been, within 10 years before the date hereof, a director, chief executive
                              officer or chief financial officer of any company (including the Company) that:
                                  (i)    was subject to an order that was issued while the director or executive officer was acting in
                                         the capacity as director, chief executive officer or chief financial officer, or
                                  (ii)   was subject to an order that was issued after the director or executive officer ceased to be a
                                         director, chief executive officer or chief financial officer and which resulted from an event
                                         that occurred while that person was acting in the capacity as director, chief executive
                                         officer or chief financial officer; or
                       (b)    is, as at the date hereof, or has been, within 10 years before the date hereof, a director or executive
                              officer of any company (including the Company) that, while that person was acting in that capacity,
                              or within a year of that person ceasing to act in that capacity, became bankrupt, made a proposal
                              under any legislation relating to bankruptcy or insolvency or was subject to or instituted any
                              proceedings, arrangement, or compromise with creditors or had a receiver, receiver-manager or
                              trustee appointed to hold its assets; or
                       (c)    has, within 10 years before the date hereof, become bankrupt, made a proposal under any legislation
                              relating to bankruptcy or insolvency, or become subject to or instituted any proceedings, arrangement
                              or compromise with creditors, or had a receiver, receiver-manager or trustee appointed to hold the
                              assets of the director or executive officer; or
                       (d)                has been subject to:
                                  (i)    any penalties or sanctions imposed by a court relating to securities legislation or by a
                                         securities regulatory authority or has entered into a settlement agreement with a securities
                                         regulatory authority; or
                                  (ii)   any other penalties or sanctions imposed by a court or regulatory body that would likely be
                                         considered important to a reasonable investor in making an investment decision.



                                                                          77




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                         90/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             Derek Evans was a director (until his resignation in January 2016) of a private oil and gas company that sought
             protection under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (Canada) in May 2016.
             For the purposes of the above, “order” means: (i) a cease trade order; (ii) an order similar to a cease trade order, or
             (iii) an order that denied the relevant company access to any exemption under securities legislation, and, with
             respect to each, was in effect more than 30 consecutive days.
             Conflicts of Interest
             In the opinion of management of Franco-Nevada, there are no existing or potential conflicts of interest among
             Franco-Nevada, its directors, officers or other insiders of Franco-Nevada, other than as described in the following
             paragraph. Various officers, directors or other insiders of the Corporation may hold senior positions with other
             entities, including entities involved in the resource industry or may otherwise be involved in transactions within the
             resource industry and may develop other interests outside the Corporation. In the event that any such conflict of
             interest arises (or could potentially arise) for a director, such director will be required to disclose the conflict to a
             meeting of the directors of the Corporation and abstain from voting for or against the approval of such participation
             or such terms. In the event that any such conflict of interest arises (or could potentially arise) for an officer or other
             insider of the Corporation, such person will be required to disclose the conflict to the Chief Legal Officer and abstain
             from participating in any discussions related to such matter and the Board will be apprised of such conflict. In
             appropriate cases, the Corporation will establish a special committee of independent directors to review a matter in
             which several directors, or management, may have a conflict. Any decision made by any of such directors involving
             the Corporation will be required to be made in accordance with their duties and obligations to deal honestly and in
             good faith with a view to the best interests of the Corporation and its shareholders.
             Randall Oliphant is a director of New Gold Inc., a payor of two of Franco-Nevada’s royalty interests. Conflicts of
             interest of this director could arise from time to time in his capacity as a director of this third party.
                                         LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND REGULATORY ACTIONS
             There are no outstanding material legal proceedings to which Franco-Nevada or any of its subsidiaries is a party or
             was a party to during fiscal 2016 or that any of its properties or assets is subject or was subject to, during fiscal 2016,
             and no proceedings are known to be contemplated against Franco-Nevada, any of its subsidiaries or any of their
             property or assets.
             There have been no penalties or sanctions imposed against Franco-Nevada by a court relating to securities
             legislation or by a securities regulatory authority during fiscal 2016 and there have been no other penalties or
             sanctions imposed by a court or regulatory body against Franco-Nevada that would likely be considered important to
             a reasonable investor in making an investment decision. Franco-Nevada has not entered into any settlement
             agreement before a court relating to securities legislation or with a securities regulatory authority during fiscal 2016.
                           INTERESTS OF MANAGEMENT AND OTHERS IN MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS
             No director or executive officer of Franco-Nevada, any other insider of Franco-Nevada or any associate or affiliate
             of any of such individuals or companies has any material interest, directly or indirectly, in any transaction within the
             three most recently completed financial years or during the current financial year that has materially affected Franco-
             Nevada or is reasonably expected to materially affect Franco-Nevada.
                                                   REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT
             The registrar and transfer agent for the Common Shares is Computershare Investor Services Inc. at its principal
             office in Toronto, Ontario and Computershare Investor Services at its principal office in Golden, Colorado.
             The warrant agent for the 2017 Warrants is Computershare Trust Company of Canada Limited at its principal office
             in Toronto, Ontario.
                                                          MATERIAL CONTRACTS
             The following are the material contracts entered into by Franco-Nevada since October 17, 2007 (date of
             incorporation) and still in effect or entered into since the beginning of Franco-Nevada’s most recently completed
             financial year, other than material contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business (unless otherwise required
             to be disclosed):
             1.     a warrant indenture dated June 16, 2009 and supplemented June 15, 2010 between Franco-Nevada and
                    Computershare Trust Company of Canada, as warrant agent, pursuant to which the 2017 Warrants were
                    created and issued and by which they are governed;
             2.     the 2014 Underwriting Agreement relating to the public offering in August 2014 described under “General
                    Development of Franco-Nevada’s Business — 2014 — Equity Financing”; and
             3.     the 2016 Underwriting Agreement relating to the public offering in February 2016 described under “General
                    Development of Franco-Nevada’s Business — 2016 — Equity Financing.



                                                                         78




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                        91/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             A copy of each material contract is available on SEDAR under Franco-Nevada’s profile at www.sedar.com.
                                                                  EXPERTS
             Certain technical and scientific information contained in this AIF, including in respect of the Antapaccay project, the
             Antamina project, the Candelaria project and the Cobre Panama project was reviewed and approved in accordance
             with NI 43-101 by Phil Wilson, C.Eng., Vice President, Technical of the Corporation and a “Qualified Person” as
             defined in NI 43-101.
             In addition, disclosure in this AIF for the reserves assessment and evaluation of the oil & gas reserves including the
             Weyburn Unit, Midale Unit and Edson Properties dated March 9, 2017, with an effective date of December 31,
             2016, was prepared by GLJ for Franco-Nevada in accordance with NI 51-101.
             To the knowledge of Franco-Nevada, each of these experts held less than 1% of the outstanding securities of the
             Corporation or of any associate or affiliate thereof as of the date hereof, when they prepared the technical
             information contained in this AIF or following the preparation of such technical information. None of the
             aforementioned firms or persons received, or will receive, any direct or indirect interest in any securities of the
             Corporation or of any associate or affiliate thereof in connection with the preparation of such technical
             information. Other than Phil Wilson, Vice President, Technical of the Corporation, none of the aforementioned firms
             or persons, nor any directors, officers or employees of such firms, are currently, or are expected to be elected,
             appointed or employed as, a director, officer or employee of the Corporation, or of any associate or affiliate of the
             Corporation.
             Franco-Nevada’s auditors are PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. They have advised Franco-Nevada that they are
             independent with respect to Franco-Nevada within the meaning of the Rules of Professional Conduct of Chartered
             Professional Accountants of Ontario and Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Rule 3520 Auditor
             Independence.
                                                      ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
             Additional information relating to Franco-Nevada is available electronically on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on
             the website of the SEC at www.sec.gov and on its website at www.franco-nevada.com. The metric conversion table,
             listing of certain oil & gas terms, glossary of non-technical terms and glossary of technical terms are generally
             available on Franco-Nevada’s website.
             Additional information, including directors’ and officers’ remuneration and indebtedness, principal holders of
             Franco-Nevada’s securities and securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans, will be
             contained in Franco-Nevada’s management information circular for its annual and special meeting of shareholders
             scheduled to be held on May 9, 2017. For information relating to compensation and corporate governance related
             matters, please see “Statement of Executive Compensation” and “Statement of Governance Practices”, respectively,
             in such circular.
             Additional financial information is provided in Franco-Nevada’s financial statements and MD&A for its most
             recently completed financial year.
                                           AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE INFORMATION
             The following information is provided in accordance with Form 52-110F1 under the Canadian Securities
             Administrators’ National Instrument 52-110 — Audit Committees (“NI 52-110”).
             Audit and Risk Committee Charter
             The Audit and Risk Committee Charter (the “Charter”) is attached as Appendix C to this AIF. The Charter was last
             updated effective March 24, 2011 with minor revisions.
             With respect to risk management, the Charter provides that the Audit and Risk Committee (the “ARC”) will
             generally review with management the Company’s significant risks and exposures and the steps management has
             taken to manage, monitor and control such risks and exposures. The ARC will also more specifically review the
             Company’s principal business, political, financial, litigation and control risks and exposures with a view to ensuring
             that such risks and exposures are being effectively managed, monitored or controlled. For more information
             regarding the ARC’s responsibilities relating to risk management, please see Appendix C to this AIF.
             Composition of the Audit and Risk Committee
             As of December 31, 2016, the ARC was composed of the following three directors: Derek Evans, Tom Albanese and
             Randall Oliphant, Chair. Each director was and is considered “independent” and “financially literate” (as such terms
             are defined in NI 52-110, the rules of the NYSE and Rule 10A-3 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934).
             Relevant Education and Experience
             Each member of the ARC is financially literate, i.e., has the ability to read and understand financial statements.
             Collectively, the ARC has the education and experience to fulfill the responsibilities outlined in the Charter,
             including those relating to risk


                                                                       79




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                    92/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             management. The education and current and past experience of each ARC member that is relevant to the
             performance of his responsibilities as an ARC member is summarized below:
                                                   Education and Experience (Past and Present)
             Tom Albanese                    CEO of Vedanta Resources plc and Vedanta Limited (formerly known as SesaSterlite
                                            Ltd.) (April 1, 2014-present)
                                             Currently serving as Chair of Vedanta Limited’s Risk Management Committee
                                             Previous Chief Executive Officer of Rio Tinto plc
                                             Previous Chair of Rio Tinto plc Risk Committee
             Derek Evans                      President, CEO and Director, Pengrowth Energy Corporation (2009-present)
                                              President, CEO and Director of Focus Energy Trust (2002-2008)
                                              Senior Executive of Renaissance Energy (16 years)
                                              Member, Institute of Corporate Directors
             Randall Oliphant                 Director of New Gold Inc. (2009-present)
                                              Former Executive Chair of New Gold Inc. (2009-2017)
                                              Chief Financial Officer of Barrick Gold Corporation (1994-1999)
                                              Currently serving on the audit committee of WesternZagros Resources Ltd.
                                              FCPA, FCA (2016)
                                              Chartered Professional Accountant, CA (1986)
                                              Bachelor of Commerce (with honours), University of Toronto, 1984
             Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures
             The Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of the ARC, has adopted policies and procedures regarding
             services provided by external auditors (collectively, the “Auditor Independence Policy”). Under the Auditor
             Independence Policy, specific proposals for audit services and permitted non-audit services must be pre-approved by
             the ARC. The ARC may delegate to any one or more of its members pre-approval authority (other than pre-approval
             of the annual audit service engagement). Any approvals granted under this delegated authority must be presented to
             the ARC at its next meeting. The Auditor Independence Policy also provides that the ARC may pre-approve services
             (other than the annual audit service engagement) without the requirement for a specific proposal where the scope
             and parameters of such services and their attendant fees are clearly defined. The ARC must be informed in writing at
             its next scheduled meeting of any engagement of the external auditor to provide services in such circumstances. The
             Auditor Independence Policy deems de minimus non-audit services to have been pre-approved by the ARC in
             limited circumstances and subject to certain conditions being met.
             The Auditor Independence Policy prohibits the external auditors from providing any of the following types of non-
             audit services:
                                  bookkeeping or other services related to the accounting records or financial statements;
                                  financial information systems design and implementation;
                                  appraisal or valuation services, fairness opinion, or contribution-in-kind reports;
                                  actuarial services;
                                  internal audit outsourcing services;
                                  management functions or human resources services;
                                  corporate finance or other services;
                                  broker-dealer, investment advisor or investment banking services;
                                  legal services; and
                                  any other service that under applicable law and generally accepted auditing standards cannot be
                                  provided by an external auditor.
             The Auditor Independence Policy provides that the external auditor should not be precluded from providing tax or
             advisory services that do not fall within any the categories described above, unless the provision of those services
             would reasonably be expected to compromise the independence of the external auditor.


                                                                          80




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                 93/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
             Reliance on Certain Exemptions
             At no time since the commencement of Franco-Nevada’s most recently completed financial year has Franco-Nevada
             relied on any exemption from NI 52-110.
             Audit Committee Oversight
             At no time since the commencement of Franco-Nevada’s most recently completed financial year was a
             recommendation of the ARC to nominate or compensate an external auditor not adopted by the Board of Directors
             of Franco-Nevada.
             Fees
             For the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP was paid fees from the Corporation
             as detailed below:
                                      December 31, 2016    December 31, 2015
               Audit Fees             C$       470,845     C$       634,212
               Audit-Related Fees     C$       243,000     C$        57,000
               Tax Fees               C$            NIL    C$            NIL
               Other Fees             C$            NIL    C$            NIL
               Total Fees             C$       713,845     C$       691,212
             For the year ended December 31, 2016, “Audit-Related Fees” noted above included C$175,000 and C$68,000 for
             services related to: (i) the Corporation’s shelf prospectus and equity issue, and (ii) the French translation of
             documents, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2015, “Audit-Related Fees” noted above included
             C$57,000 for services related to the French translation of documents.




                                                                   81




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                             94/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                                        APPENDIX A
                                                       FORM 51-101F2
                                                  Reports on Reserves Data
                                                              by
                                      Independent Qualified Reserves Evaluator or Auditor




                                                             A-1




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                         95/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                                                                                                                            Page: 1 of 1
                                                         FORM 51-101F2
                                                   REPORT ON RESERVES DATA
                                                              BY
                                      INDEPENDENT QUALIFIED RESERVES EVALUATOR OR AUDITOR
                    To the board of directors of Franco-Nevada Corporation (the “Company”):
                    1.We have evaluated the Company’s reserves data as at December 31, 2016. The reserves data are estimates
                      of proved reserves and probable reserves and related future net revenue as at December 31, 2016,
                      estimated using forecast prices and costs.
                    2.The reserves data are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an
                      opinion on the reserves data based on our evaluation.
                    3.We carried out our evaluation in accordance with standards set out in the Canadian Oil and Gas Evaluation
                      Handbook as amended from time to time (the “COGE Handbook”) maintained by the Society of Petroleum
                      Evaluation Engineers (Calgary Chapter).
                    4.Those standards require that we plan and perform an evaluation to obtain reasonable assurance as to
                      whether the reserves data are free of material misstatement. An evaluation also includes assessing whether
                      the reserves data are in accordance with principles and definitions presented in the COGE Handbook.
                    5.The following table shows the net present value of future net revenue (before deduction of income taxes)
                      attributed to proved plus probable reserves, estimated using forecast prices and costs and calculated using a
                      discount rate of 10 percent, included in the reserves data of the Company evaluated for the year ended
                      December 31, 2016, and identifies the respective portions thereof that we have evaluated and reported on
                      to the Company’s board of directors:
                                                                         Location of
                                  Independent                             Reserves
                                    Qualified              Effective      (Country
                                    Reserves                Date of      or Foreign       Net present Value of Future Net Revenue
                                   Evaluator              Evaluation     Geographic     (before income taxes, 10% discount rate –M$)
                                   or Auditor               Report          Area)      Audited Evaluated Reviewed             Total

                                                        December 31,
                         GLJ Petroleum Consultants         2016            Canada          —      469,980           —       469,980

                    6.In our opinion, the reserves data evaluated by us have, in all material respects, been determined and are in
                      accordance with the COGE Handbook, consistently applied. We express no opinion on the reserves data
                      that we reviewed but did not audit or evaluate.
                    7.We have no responsibility to update our reports referred to in paragraph 5 for events and circumstances
                      occurring after the effective date of our reports.
                    8.Because the reserves data are based on judgements regarding future events, actual results will vary and the
                      variations may be material.

                    Executed as to our report referred to above:

                    GLJ Petroleum Consultants Ltd., Calgary, Alberta, Canada, March 9, 2017

                    “Originally Signed by “
                    Tim R. Freeborn, P. Eng.
                    Vice President




                                                                                                                         Picture 6




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                        96/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                                                                    APPENDIX B
                                                                   FORM 51-101F3
                             REPORT OF MANAGEMENT AND DIRECTORS ON OIL AND GAS DISCLOSURE
             Management of Franco-Nevada Corporation (“Franco-Nevada”) is responsible for the preparation and disclosure of
             information with respect to Franco-Nevada’s oil and gas activities in accordance with securities regulatory
             requirements. This information includes reserves data.
             An independent qualified reserves evaluator has evaluated Franco-Nevada’s reserves data. The report of the
             independent qualified reserves evaluator is presented in Appendix A of this Annual Information Form.
             The Audit and Risk Committee of the Board of Directors of Franco-Nevada has:
                       (a)         reviewed Franco-Nevada’s procedures for providing information to the independent qualified
                                  reserves evaluator;
                       (b)         met with the independent qualified reserves evaluator to determine whether any restrictions
                                  affected the ability of the independent qualified reserves evaluator to report without reservation;
                                  and
                       (c)        reviewed the reserves data with management and independent qualified reserves evaluator.
             The Audit and Risk Committee of the Board of Directors of Franco-Nevada has reviewed the procedures for
             assembling and reporting other information associated with oil and gas activities and has reviewed that information
             with management. The Board of Directors on the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Committee has approved:
                       (a)        the content and filing with securities regulatory authorities of Form 51-101F1 containing reserves
                                  data and other oil and gas information;
                       (b)         the filing of Form 51-101F2 which is the report of the independent qualified reserves evaluator on
                                  the reserves data; and
                       (c)        the content and filing of this report.
             Because the reserves data are based on judgments regarding future events, actual results will vary and the variations
             may be material.
             DATED as of this 22nd day of March, 2017.

             (signed) “David Harquail”                                      (signed) “Jason O’Connell”
             David Harquail President,                                      Jason O’Connell
             Chief Executive Officer and Director                           Vice President, Oil & Gas

             (signed) “Randall Oliphant”                                    (signed) “Derek Evans”
             Randall Oliphant                                               Derek Evans
             Director                                                       Director




                                                                           B-1




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                     97/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                                                             APPENDIX C
                                                    FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                                                 AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE CHARTER
             PURPOSE
             The Audit and Risk Committee is appointed by the Board of Directors of Franco-Nevada Corporation (the
             “Company”) to assist the Board of Directors in its oversight and evaluation of:
                                  the quality and integrity of the financial statements of the Company,
                                  the compliance by the Company with legal and regulatory requirements in respect of financial
                                  disclosure,
                                  the qualification, independence and performance of the Company’s independent auditors,
                                  the performance of the Company’s Chief Financial Officer,
                                  risk management oversight,
                                  the compliance by the Company with legal and regulatory requirements in respect of its oil and
                                  gas disclosure, and
                                  the qualification, independence and performance of the Company’s qualified oil and gas reserves
                                  evaluator or auditor.
             In addition, the Audit and Risk Committee provides an avenue for communication between the independent auditor,
             financial management, other employees and the Board of Directors concerning accounting and auditing matters.
             The Audit and Risk Committee is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention (and
             termination) and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including oversight of the resolution of any
             disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of
             preparing audit reports or performing other audit, review or attest services for the Company.
             The Audit and Risk Committee is not responsible for:
                                  planning or conducting audits,
                                  certifying or determining the completeness or accuracy of the Company’s financial statements or
                                  that those financial statements are in accordance with applicable accounting principles or
                                  standards, or
                                  guaranteeing the report of the Company’s independent auditor.
             The fundamental responsibility for the Company’s financial statements and disclosure rests with management. It is
             not the duty of the Audit and Risk Committee to conduct investigations, to itself resolve disagreements (if any)
             between management and the independent auditor or to ensure compliance with applicable legal and regulatory
             requirements.
             REPORTS
             The Audit and Risk Committee shall report to the Board of Directors of the Company on a regular basis and, in any
             event, before the public disclosure by the Company of its quarterly and annual financial results. The reports of the
             Audit and Risk Committee shall include any issues of which the Committee is aware with respect to the quality or
             integrity of the Company’s financial statements, its compliance with legal or regulatory requirements in respect of
             financial matters and disclosure, and the performance and independence of the Company’s independent auditor.
             The Committee shall also prepare, as required by applicable law, any committee report required for inclusion in the
             Company’s publicly filed documents.
             COMPOSITION
             The members of the Audit and Risk Committee shall be three or more individuals who are appointed (and may be
             replaced) by the Board of Directors of the Company on the recommendation of the Company’s Compensation and
             Corporate Governance Committee. Each of the members of the Audit and Risk Committee shall be “independent”
             and “financially literate” within the meaning of National Instrument 52-110 — Audit Committees (“NI 52-110”) and
             any other securities legislation and stock exchange rules applicable to the Company, and as confirmed by the Board
             of Directors using its business judgment. In addition, at least one member of the Audit and Risk Committee shall be
             a “financial expert” as determined by the Board of Directors in its business judgment. No member of the Audit and
             Risk Committee shall accept (directly or indirectly) any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fee from the
             Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively, the “Franco-Nevada Group”) (other than
             remuneration for acting in his or her capacity as a director) or be an “affiliated entity” within the meaning of
             NI 52‑110.


                                                                         C-1



file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                 98/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   99/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

             RESPONSIBILITIES
             Independent Auditors
             The Audit and Risk Committee shall:
                    ·     Recommend to the Board of Directors the independent auditor to be nominated for the purpose of
                          preparing or issuing an auditor’s report or performing other audit, review or attest services for the
                          Company and the compensation of the independent auditor;
                    ·     Recommend to the Board of Directors any change of the independent auditor, and oversee any such
                          change to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Canada Business Corporations Act and
                          applicable securities legislation;
                    ·     Require and obtain confirmation from the independent auditor that it ultimately is accountable, and
                          will report directly, to the Audit and Risk Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company;
                    ·     Oversee the work of the independent auditor engaged for the purpose of preparing or issuing an
                          auditor’s report or performing other audit, review or attest services for the Company, including the
                          resolution of disagreements between management and the external auditor regarding financial
                          reporting;
                    ·     Pre-approve all audit and permitted non-audit services provided to the Company and its subsidiary
                          entities by the independent auditor, including adopting policies and procedures for the pre-approval of
                          the retention thereof (subject to any restrictions on such services imposed by applicable securities
                          legislation) and including procedures for the delegation of authority to provide such approval to one
                          or more members of the Audit and Risk Committee; and
                    ·     At least annually, review the qualifications, performance and independence of the independent auditor.
                          In doing so, the Audit and Risk Committee should, among other things, undertake the measures set
                          forth in Schedule “A”.
             The Financial Statements, Audit Process and Related Disclosure
             The Audit and Risk Committee shall:
                       ·      As may be delegated by the Board of Directors, review, approve and authorize the issuance of the
                              Company’s interim financial statements, MD&A and interim earnings press releases before the
                              Company publicly discloses this information;
                       ·      Review and recommend to the Board of Directors for approval the Company’s annual financial
                              statements, MD&A and press releases before the Company publicly discloses the information; and
                       ·      Be satisfied that adequate procedures are in place for the review of the Company’s public disclosure of
                              financial information extracted or derived from the Company’s financial statements and will
                              periodically assess the adequacy of those procedures.
             The Audit and Risk Committee shall also, as it determines to be appropriate:
                    ·      Review with management and the independent auditor,
                                  ·    the planning and staffing of the audit by the independent auditor,
                                  ·    financial information and any earnings guidance provided to analysts and rating agencies,
                                       recognizing that this review and discussion may be done generally (consisting of a discussion
                                       of the types of information to be disclosed and the types of presentations to be made) and
                                       need not take place in advance of the disclosure of each release or provision of guidance,
                                  ·    any significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the
                                       preparation of the Company’s financial statements, including any significant changes in the
                                       selection or application of accounting principles or standards, any major issues regarding
                                       auditing principles and practices, and the adequacy of internal controls that could
                                       significantly affect the Company’s financial statements, as raised by the independent auditor,
                                       and review management’s response thereto,
                                  ·    all critical accounting policies and practices used,
                                  ·    all alternative treatments of financial information by applicable accounting principles or
                                       standards that have been discussed with management, ramifications of the use of such
                                       alternative disclosures and treatments, and the treatment preferred by the independent
                                       auditor,


                                                                         C-2




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                     100/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                                  ·    the use of “pro forma” or “adjusted” information that is not consistent with applicable
                                       accounting principles or standards,
                                  ·    the effect of regulatory and accounting initiatives, as well as any off-balance sheet structures,
                                       transactions, arrangements and obligations (contingent or otherwise), on the Company’s
                                       financial statements,
                                  ·    any disclosures concerning any weaknesses or any deficiencies in the design or operation of
                                       internal controls or disclosure controls made to the Audit and Risk Committee by the Chief
                                       Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer during their certification process for forms
                                       filed with applicable securities regulators, and
                                  ·    the adequacy of the Franco-Nevada Group’s internal accounting controls and management
                                       information systems and its financial, auditing and accounting organizations and personnel
                                       and any special steps adopted in light of any material control deficiencies.
                       ·       Review with the independent auditor,
                                  ·    the quality as well as the acceptability of the accounting principles or standards that have
                                       been applied,
                                  ·    any problems or difficulties the independent auditor may have encountered during the
                                       provision of its audit-related services, including any restrictions on the scope of activities or
                                       access to requested information and any significant disagreements with management, any
                                       management letter provided by the independent auditor or other material communication
                                       (including any schedules of unadjusted differences) to management and the Company’s
                                       response to that letter or communication, and
                                  ·    any changes to the Company’s significant auditing and accounting principles, standards and
                                       practices suggested by the independent auditor to members of management.
             Risk Management Oversight
             The Audit and Risk Committee shall:
                       ·      Generally review with management the Franco-Nevada Group’s significant risks and exposures and
                              the steps management has taken to manage, monitor and control such risks and exposures.
                       ·      More specifically review the Company’s principal business, political, financial, litigation and control
                              risks and exposures with a view to ensuring that such risks and exposures are being effectively
                              managed, monitored or controlled by:
                                  ·    reviewing the Company’s risk philosophy as set forth by management and the Board of
                                       Directors,
                                  ·    reviewing management’s assessment of the significant risks and exposures facing the
                                       Company,
                                  ·    reviewing management’s policies, plans, processes and programs to manage and control
                                       significant risks and exposures, including the Company’s loss prevention policies, disaster
                                       response and recovery programs, corporate liability protection programs for directors and
                                       officer and any other insurance programs, as applicable,
                                  ·    receiving regular reports from management regarding the development and implementation
                                       of its policies, plans, processes and programs to manage, monitor and control significant risks
                                       and exposures, and
                                  ·    if the Audit and Risk Committee deems it appropriate, requesting the independent auditor’s
                                       opinion of management’s assessment of significant risks facing the Company and how
                                       effectively they are managed, monitored and controlled.
             Oil and Gas Reserves
             The Audit and Risk Committee shall:
                    ·     Recommend to the Board of Directors the appointment of the qualified oil and gas reserves evaluators
                          or auditors, who must be independent of the Company and who will report to the Board of Directors
                          and the Committee on the Company’s oil and gas reserves data.


                                                                         C-3




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                        101/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                       ·      Review, with reasonable frequency, the Company’s procedures relating to the disclosure of
                              information with respect to oil and gas activities, including its procedures for complying with
                              applicable disclosure requirements and restrictions.
                       ·      Review each appointment of the Company’s qualified oil and gas reserves evaluators or auditors, and
                              in the case of any proposed change in such appointment, determine the reasons for the proposal and
                              whether there have been disputes between the appointed qualified oil and gas reserves evaluator or
                              auditor and management of the Company.
                       ·      Review, with reasonable frequency, the Company’s procedures for providing information to the
                              qualified oil and gas reserves evaluators or auditors who report on oil and gas reserves data.
                       ·      Prior to approving the filing of oil and gas reserves data and the report of the qualified oil and gas
                              reserves evaluators or auditors meet with management and each qualified oil and gas reserves
                              evaluator or auditor to:
                                  ·    determine whether any restrictions affect the ability of the qualified oil and gas reserves
                                       evaluator or auditor to report on the oil and gas reserves data without reservation; and
                                  ·    review the oil and gas reserves data and the report of the qualified oil and gas reserves
                                       evaluator or auditor thereon.
                       ·      Recommend to the Board of Directors whether to approve:
                                ·   the content and filing of the statement of oil and gas reserves data and other required
                                    information,
                                  ·   the filing of the report of the independent qualified oil and gas reserves evaluator or auditor,
                                      and
                                  ·    the content and filing of the required report of management and the directors.
             Compliance
             The Audit and Risk Committee shall:
                    ·       Establish procedures for:
                                  ·   the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by the Company regarding
                                      accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, and
                                  ·   the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of the Franco-Nevada Group of
                                      concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters.
                       ·      Review and approve clear policies for the hiring by the Franco-Nevada Group of partners, employees
                              or former partners or employees of the present and former independent auditor of the Company.
             The Audit and Risk Committee shall also, as it determines appropriate:
                    ·     Obtain reports from the Chief Financial Officer, other members of management and the independent
                          auditor that the Company’s subsidiary/foreign affiliated entities are in conformity with applicable
                          legal requirements and the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, including disclosures of
                          insider and affiliated party transactions.
                    ·     Review with the Chief Financial Officer, other members of management and the independent auditor
                          any correspondence with regulators or governmental agencies and any employee complaints or
                          published reports, which raise material issues regarding the Company’s financial statements or
                          accounting policies.
                    ·     Advise the Board of Directors of the Company with respect to the Franco-Nevada Group’s policies
                          and procedures regarding compliance with applicable laws and regulations and with the Company’s
                          Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.
                    ·     Review with the Chief Financial Officer legal matters that may have a material impact on the financial
                          statements, the Franco-Nevada Group’s compliance policies and any material reports or inquiries
                          received from regulators or governmental agencies.
                    ·     Periodically review with management the need for an internal audit function.



                                                                        C-4




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                      102/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

             Delegation
             To avoid any confusion, the Audit and Risk Committee responsibilities identified above are the sole responsibility of
             the Audit and Risk Committee and may not be delegated to a different committee.
             MEETINGS
             The Audit and Risk Committee shall meet at least quarterly and more frequently as circumstances require. All
             members of the Audit and Risk Committee should strive to be at all meetings. The Audit and Risk Committee shall
             meet separately, periodically, with management and the independent auditors and may request any officer or
             employee of the Franco-Nevada Group or the Franco-Nevada Group’s outside counsel or independent auditor to
             attend meetings of the Committee or with any members of, or advisors to, the Committee. The Audit and Risk
             Committee also may meet with the investment bankers, financial analysts and rating agencies that provide services
             to, or follow, the Franco-Nevada Group.
             The Audit and Risk Committee may form and delegate authority to individual members and subcommittees where
             the Committee determines it is appropriate to do so.
             INDEPENDENT ADVICE
             In discharging its mandate, the Audit and Risk Committee shall have the authority to retain (and authorize the
             payment by the Company of) and receive advice from special legal, accounting or other advisors as the Audit and
             Risk Committee determines to be necessary to permit it to carry out its duties.
             ANNUAL EVALUATION
             At least annually, the Audit and Risk Committee shall, in a manner it determines to be appropriate:
                       ·      Perform a review and evaluation of the performance of the Committee and its members, including the
                              compliance of the Audit and Risk Committee with this Charter.
                       ·      Review and assess the adequacy of its Charter and recommend to the Board of Directors any
                              improvements to this Charter that the Committee determines to be appropriate.



                                                                      C-5




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                  103/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                                                                SCHEDULE “A”
             Qualifications, Performance and Independence of Independent Auditor
                      ·     Review the experience and qualifications of the senior members of the independent auditor’s team.
                       ·      Confirm with the independent auditor that it is in compliance with applicable legal, regulatory and
                              professional standards relating to auditor independence.
                       ·      Review annual reports from the independent auditor regarding its independence and consider whether
                              there are any non-audit services or relationships that may affect the objectivity and independence of
                              the independent auditor and, if so, recommend that the Board of Directors of the Company take
                              appropriate action to satisfy itself of the independence of the independent auditor.
                       ·      Obtain and review such report(s) from the independent auditor as may be required by applicable legal
                              and regulatory requirements.
             Updated: March 24, 2011




                                                                       C-6




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                   104/241
10/10/2026, 21:11



                                      Picture 17




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                105/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                                                                                    Exhibit 99.2

                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”) of financial position and results of
                operations of Franco-Nevada Corporation (“Franco-Nevada”, the “Company”, “we” or “our”) has
                been prepared based upon information available to Franco-Nevada as at March 22, 2017 and should
                be read in conjunction with Franco-Nevada’s audited consolidated financial statements and related
                notes as at and for the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. The audited consolidated
                financial statements and MD&A are presented in U.S. dollars and have been prepared in accordance
                with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International
                Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”).
                Readers are cautioned that the MD&A contains forward-looking statements and that actual events
                may vary from management’s expectations. Readers are encouraged to read the “Cautionary
                Statement on Forward-Looking Information” at the end of this MD&A and to consult Franco-
                Nevada’s audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015
                and the corresponding notes to the financial statements which are available on our website at
                www.franco-nevada.com, on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and in our most recent Form 40-F filed with
                the Securities and Exchange Commission on EDGAR at www.sec.gov.
                Additional information related to Franco-Nevada, including our Annual Information Form, is
                available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, and our Form 40-F is available on EDGAR at
                www.sec.gov. These documents contain descriptions of certain of Franco-Nevada’s producing and
                advanced royalty and stream assets, as well as a description of risk factors affecting the
                Company. For additional information, our website can be found at www.franco-nevada.com.


                                                                1




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                 106/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGY                                                                     3
                HIGHLIGHTS                                                                                         4
                GUIDANCE                                                                                           7
                MARKET OVERVIEW                                                                                    8
                SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION                                                                     9
                REVENUE BY ASSET                                                                                  10
                OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE – Q4/2016 TO Q4/2015                                            13
                OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE – 2016 TO 2015                                                  21
                SUMMARY OF QUARTERLY INFORMATION                                                                  42
                BALANCE SHEET REVIEW                                                                              42
                LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES                                                                   30
                CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES                                                                     33
                OUTSTANDING SHARE DATA                                                                            35
                INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING AND DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND                             35
                PROCEDURES
                NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES                                                                       37
                CAUTIONARY STATEMENT ON FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION                                               42



                Abbreviations used in this report
                The following abbreviations may be used throughout this MD&A:

                Abbreviated
                Definitions
                Periods
                under review
                "Q4/2016" The three-month period ended December 31, 2016
                "Q3/2016" The three-month period ended September 30, 2016
                "Q2/2016" The three-month period ended June 30, 2016
                "Q1/2016" The three-month period ended March 31, 2016
                "Q4/2015" The three-month period ended December 31, 2015

                Places and
                currencies                                        Measurement
                "U.S."         United States                      "GEO"       Gold equivalent ounces
                "$" or
                "USD"          United States dollars              "oz"        Ounce
                "C$" or
                "CAD"          Canadian dollars                   "oz Au"     Ounce of gold
                                                                  "oz Ag"     Ounce of silver
                Interest
                types                                             "oz Pt"     Ounce of platinum
                "NSR"          Net smelter return royalty         "oz Pd"     Ounce of palladium
                "GR"           Gross royalty                      "LBMA"      London Bullion Market Association
                "ORR"          Overriding royalty
                "GORR"         Gross overriding royalty           "bbl"       Barrel
                "FH"           Freehold or lessor royalty         "boe"       Barrels of oil equivalent
                "NPI"          Net profits interest               "WTI"       West Texas Intermediate
                "NRI"          Net royalty interest
                "WI"           Working interest
file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                    107/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




                                      2




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm       108/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND STRATEGY
                Franco-Nevada is the leading gold-focused royalty and stream company by both gold revenue and
                number of gold assets. The Company has the largest and most diversified portfolio of royalties and
                streams by commodity, geography, revenue type and stage of project. The portfolio is actively
                managed with the aim to maintain over 80% of revenue from precious metals (gold, silver & PGM).

                                                       Franco-Nevada Asset Count at March 22, 2017
                                                                         Precious         Other             Oil &
                                                                           Metals      Minerals              Gas     TOTAL
                    Producing                                                  41              5             61(1)      107
                    Advanced                                                   34              7               —         41
                    Exploration                                               135             37               19       191
                    TOTAL                                                     210             49               80       339
                      (1)   Includes acquisition of Midland Basin royalties expected to close in Q2/2017.

                The Company does not operate mines, develop projects or conduct exploration. Franco-Nevada’s
                business model is focused on managing and growing its portfolio of royalties and streams. The
                advantages of this business model are:
                       · Exposure to precious metals price optionality;
                       ·A perpetual discovery option over large areas of geologically prospective lands with no
                        additional cost other than the initial investment;
                       ·Limited exposure to many of the risks associated with operating companies;
                       · A free cash-flow business with limited cash calls;
                       ·A high-margin business that can generate cash through the entire commodity cycle;
                       ·A scalable and diversified business in which a large number of assets can be managed with a
                        small stable overhead; and
                       ·A forward-looking business in which management focuses on growth opportunities rather than
                        operational or development issues.
                Franco-Nevada’s financial results in the short-term are primarily tied to the price of commodities and
                the amount of production from its portfolio of producing assets. Financial results have also been
                supplemented by acquisitions of new producing assets. Over the longer-term, results are impacted by
                the availability of exploration and development capital applied by other companies to expand or
                extend Franco-Nevada’s producing assets or to advance Franco-Nevada’s advanced and exploration
                assets into production.
                Franco-Nevada has a long-term investment outlook and recognizes the cyclical nature of the
                industry. Franco-Nevada has historically operated by maintaining a strong balance sheet so that it
                can make investments during commodity cycle downturns.
                Franco-Nevada’s shares are listed on the Toronto and New York stock exchanges under the symbol
                FNV. An investment in Franco-Nevada’s shares is expected to provide investors with yield and
                exposure to gold price and exploration optionality while limiting exposure to many of the risks of
                operating companies. Since its Initial Public Offering (“IPO”) nine years ago, Franco-Nevada has
                increased its dividend annually and its share price has outperformed the gold price and all relevant
                gold equity benchmarks.
                Franco-Nevada’s revenue is generated from various forms of agreements, ranging from net smelter
                return royalties, streams, net profits interests, net royalty interests, working interests and other. For
                definitions of the various types of agreements, please refer to our most recent Annual Information
                Form filed on SEDAR at www.sedar.com or our Form 40-F filed on EDGAR at www.sec.gov.


                                                                                     3

file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                           109/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   110/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                                            Franco-Nevada’s Relative Share Price Performance

                                            P:\Finance\Financial Reporting-2016\Q4 2016\01 -
                                       Financials\01 - MD&A\1_graph1.1_p8_9yr'16ar PERF.jpg




                HIGHLIGHTS
                Financial Update – Q4/2016
                     ·129,036 GEOs1 delivered in Q4/2016, an increase of 21.4% compared to 106,312 GEOs in
                      Q4/2015.
                     ·121,910 GEOs recognized in revenue in Q4/2016, an increase of 14.7% from 106,312 GEOs
                      in Q4/2015;
                     ·$155.3 million in revenue, an increase of 28.0% from revenue of $121.3 million in Q4/2015;
                     ·$122.2 million, or $0.69 per share, of Adjusted EBITDA2,3 in Q4/2016, an increase of 29.7%
                      from $94.2 million or $0.60 per share, in Q4/2015;
                     · 78.7% in Margin2,3, compared to 77.7% in Q4/2015;
                     ·$4.5 million, or $0.03 per share, in net loss for Q4/2016, compared to a loss of $31.4 million,
                      or $0.20 per share, in Q4/2015. The Q4/2016 net loss includes an impairment of $67.4 million
                      on the Company’s Cooke 4 stream;
                     ·$42.9 million, or $0.24 per share, in Adjusted Net Income2,3 in Q4/2016, an increase of 81.0%
                      compared to $23.7 million, or $0.15 per share, in Q4/2015;
                     ·$121.9 million in net cash provided by operating activities3 in Q4/2016, an increase of
                      43.5% compared to $84.9 million in Q4/2015;
                     ·$39.7 million in dividends paid in Q4/2016, of which $30.7 million was paid in cash and $9.0
                      million was paid in common shares issued under the Company’s Dividend Reinvestment Plan
                      (“DRIP”), compared to $32.3 million in dividends paid in Q4/2015; and

                1 GEOs include our gold, silver, platinum, palladium and other mineral assets, and do not include Oil & Gas assets. GEOs are estimated on
                  a gross basis for NSR royalties and, in the case of stream ounces, before the payment of the per ounce contractual price paid by the
                  Company. For NPI royalties, GEOs are calculated taking into account the NPI economics. Silver, platinum, palladium and other minerals
                  are converted to GEOs by dividing associated revenue, which includes settlement adjustments, by the relevant gold price. The gold price
                  used in the computation of GEOs earned from a particular asset varies depending on the royalty or stream agreement, which may make
                  reference to the market price realized by the operator, or the average for the month, quarter, or year in which the mineral was produced or
                  sold. For illustrative purposes, please refer to average commodity price tables on pages 13 and 21 of this MD&A for indicative prices
                  which may be used in the calculation of GEOs.
                2 Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted EBITDA and Margin are non-IFRS financial measures with no standardized meaning under IFRS. For
                  further information and a detailed reconciliation, please see pages 37-40 of this MD&A.
                3 In Q3/2016, the Company adopted a retrospective change in accounting policy with respect to its classification of proceeds from sales of
                  gold bullion in its statement of cash flows and statement of income and comprehensive income (loss). For further information, refer to
                  Note 2(b) of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2016. The Company’s non-IFRS measures, as defined
                  in pages 37-40 of this MD&A, were also adjusted accordingly to reflect gains/losses on sales of such gold bullion as an operating activity
                  that is part of the Company’s underlying operating business. Comparative information has been adjusted to conform to current
                  presentation.


                                                                                     4
file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                             111/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   112/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                     ·$1.4 billion in available capital at December 31, 2016, comprising of $323.6 million of
                      working capital, $114.6 million in marketable equity securities, and $1 billion available under
                      the Company’s credit facility. Of this, $110.0 million will be used to fund the Company’s
                      acquisition of the Midland Basin oil royalty interest which is expected to close in the second
                      quarter of 2017.
                Financial Update – 2016

                     ·471,509 GEOs delivered in 2016, an increase of 30.9% from 360,070 GEOs delivered in 2015;
                     ·464,383 GEOs recognized in revenue in 2016, an increase of 29.0% from 360,070 GEOs in
                      2015;
                     ·$610.2 million in revenue in 2016, an increase of 37.6% from revenue of $443.6 million in
                      2015;
                     ·$489.1 million, or $2.79 per share, in Adjusted EBITDA in 2016, an increase of 45.1% from
                      $337.1 million, or $2.16 per share, in 2015;
                     · 80.2% in Margin in 2016, compared to 76.0% in 2015;
                     ·$122.2 million, or $0.70 per share, in net income in 2016, an increase of 396.7% compared to
                      net income of $24.6 million, or $0.16 per share, in 2015;
                     ·$164.4 million, or $0.94 per share, in Adjusted Net Income in 2016, an increase of
                      84.9% compared to $88.9 million, or $0.57 per share, in 2015;
                     ·$471.0 million in net cash provided by operating activities in 2016, compared to $314.3
                      million in 2015; and
                     ·$156.8 million in dividends paid in 2016, which included cash dividends of $118.1 million and
                      $38.7 million in issued common shares under the Company’s DRIP, compared to $129.0 million
                      in dividends paid in 2015.
                Corporate Development
                Acquisition of U.S. Oil & Gas Royalties – Midland Basin
                On March 13, 2017, Franco-Nevada, through its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary, agreed to purchase a
                package of royalty rights in the Midland Basin of West Texas for a price of $110.0 million. The
                Midland Basin forms the eastern portion of the broader Permian Basin and represents one of the most
                active and profitable oil plays in North America. The royalties consist of approximately 97% mineral
                title rights, along with some GORRs, which apply to approximately 908 acres (net after royalties)
                that, with pooling, provides exposure to an estimated gross acreage of 675,000 acres (a significant
                portion of the overall Midland Basin) at an estimated average royalty rate of 0.14%. The royalties
                are subject to a diverse operator base, which is anchored by Pioneer Natural Resources. Royalty
                revenue is expected to grow in future years as horizontal drilling activity in the area continues to
                ramp up. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017.
                Acquisition of U.S. Oil & Gas Royalties – STACK
                On December 19, 2016, Franco-Nevada, through its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary, acquired a
                package of royalty rights in the Sooner Trend, Anadarko Basin, Canadian and Kingfisher counties
                (“STACK”) shale play in Oklahoma’s Anadarko Basin for a price of $100.0 million. The two
                primary operators of the lands are Newfield Exploration Company and Devon Energy
                Corporation. Both companies have stated that STACK is a major focus of their capital spending, a
                portion of which is expected to be on the royalty lands. Full-field development is expected to begin
                in 2017 and is expected to grow royalty revenue in future years. The royalties consist of mineral title
                rights and GORRs which apply to approximately 1,200 acres (net after royalties) that, with pooling,
                provides exposure to an estimated gross acreage of 74,880 acres with an estimated average royalty
                rate of 1.61%.
                Buy-Back of Kirkland Lake Gold Royalty
                In October 2016, Kirkland Lake Gold (“Kirkland Lake”) exercised its option to buy back 1% of an
                overlying 2.5% NSR for aggregate cash consideration of $30.3 million ($36.0 million less royalty
                proceeds previously received attributable to the buy-back portion of the NSR). The Company
                recognized a gain on disposal of $14.1 million in the consolidated statement of income and
                comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2016.
file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                       113/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      5




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm       114/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                Impairment of Cooke 4
                On October 27, 2016, Sibanye Gold Limited (“Sibanye”) announced that it had ceased production at
                the Cooke 4 underground operation. Management assessed the cessation of operations as an indicator
                of impairment, and accordingly, performed an impairment assessment. The Company recorded an
                impairment charge of $67.4 million in its statement of income and comprehensive income (loss) for
                the year ended December 31, 2016.
                Termination of Palmarejo Gold Stream and Commencement of Guadalupe Gold Stream
                In October 2014, Franco-Nevada agreed with Coeur Mining Inc. (“Coeur”) to terminate the
                Palmarejo gold stream agreement following the completion of the 400,000 ounce minimum
                obligation in exchange for a cash payment of $2.0 million. In July 2016, Coeur met the minimum
                ounce obligation and the Palmarejo agreement was terminated. Deliveries of gold ounces from the
                Palmarejo project will start under a new agreement with Coeur, the Guadalupe gold stream
                agreement, pursuant to which Coeur will deliver 50% of its gold production from the Palmarejo
                project at an ongoing cost of $800 per ounce (no inflation adjustment). As part of the Guadalupe
                agreement, Franco-Nevada provided an upfront deposit of $22.0 million to partially fund the
                development of the Guadalupe underground mine.
                Funding of Cobre Panama
                The Company funded an additional $46.6 million towards the Cobre Panama precious metals stream
                in Q4/2016, for a total of $124.3 million in 2016. As at December 31, 2016, the Company has funded
                $462.2 million of its $1 billion commitment. First Quantum Minerals Ltd. (“First Quantum”) expects
                total capital expenditures of $1,060 million in 2017. According to First Quantum, the project was
                46% complete as of year-end, total expected capital expenditure for the project is unchanged at $5.48
                billion and development remains on track for a phased commissioning in late 2018 and continued
                ramp-up in 2019.
                Acquisition of Antapaccay Precious Metals Stream
                On February 26, 2016, Franco-Nevada completed the acquisition of a $500.0 million precious metals
                stream from Glencore plc with reference to production from the Antapaccay mine located in Peru.
                Under the stream agreement, gold and silver deliveries are initially referenced to copper in
                concentrate shipped. The Company will receive 300 ounces of gold and 4,700 ounces of silver for
                each 1,000 tonnes of copper in concentrate shipped, until 630,000 ounces of gold and 10.0 million
                ounces of silver have been delivered. Thereafter, the Company will receive 30% of the gold and
                silver in concentrate shipped. The Company will pay an on-going price of 20% of the spot price of
                gold and silver until 750,000 ounces of refined gold and 12.8 million ounces of refined silver have
                been delivered. Thereafter, the on-going price will increase to 30% of the spot price of gold and
                silver.
                Financing
                On March 22, 2017, the Company extended the maturity term of its existing $1 billion credit facility,
                from November 12, 2020 to March 22, 2022.
                On March 20, 2017, Franco-Nevada’s subsidiary, Franco-Nevada (Barbados) Corporation, entered
                into an unsecured revolving credit facility (the “FNBC Credit Facility”). The FNBC Credit Facility
                provides for the availability over a one-year period of up to $100.0 million in borrowings. Refer to
                “Liquidity and Capital Resources” for details. In addition, on
                On February 19, 2016, the Company completed a bought-deal financing with a syndicate of
                underwriters for 19.2 million common shares at $47.85 per common share. The net proceeds to the
                Company were $883.5 million after deducting share issue costs and expenses of $36.6 million.

                                                                  6




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                     115/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                GUIDANCE
                The following contains forward-looking statements. Reference should be made to the “Cautionary Statement on
                Forward-Looking Information” section at the end of this MD&A. For a description of material factors that
                could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements below, please see the
                Cautionary Statement and the “Risk Factors” section of our most recent Annual Information Form filed with
                the Canadian securities regulatory authorities on www.sedar.com and our most recent Form 40-F filed with the
                Securities and Exchange Commission on www.sec.gov. 2017 guidance is based on assumptions including the
                forecasted state of operations from our assets based on the public statements and other disclosures by the third-
                party owners and operators of the underlying properties (subject to our assessment thereof).
                For 2017, the Company is pleased to provide the following guidance:
                                                          2017 Guidance         2016 Actual                                          2015 Actual
                                                         470,000 - 500,000
                 Mineral assets - GEO production1, 2           GEOs             464,383 GEOs                                        360,070 GEOs
                                                           $35.0 million -
                 Oil & Gas assets - Revenue3                $45.0 million        $30.1 million                                       $28.0 million
                1 Of the 470,000 to 500,000 GEOs, Franco-Nevada expects to receive 335,000 to 345,000 GEOs under its various stream agreements,
                  compared to 321,093 GEOs in 2016.
                2 In forecasting GEOs for 2017, gold, silver, platinum and palladium metals have been converted to GEOs using commodity prices of
                  $1,200/oz Au, $17.50/oz Ag, $950/oz Pt and $750/oz Pd.
                3 In forecasting revenue from Oil & Gas assets for 2017, the WTI oil price is assumed to average $50 per barrel with a $3.50 per barrel
                  price differential between the Edmonton Light and realized prices for Canadian oil.

                More specifically, we expect the following with respect to our key asset categories for 2017:
                     ·Precious Metals – U.S.: GEOs from U.S. gold assets are expected to be slightly higher in 2017
                      compared to 2016. Higher production is expected at the Bald Mountain mine due to mine
                      sequencing and a lag from ore previously placed on heap leach pads. This will be partly offset by
                      lower production from South Arturo, as a result of a planned wind down of the Phase 2 pit.
                     ·Precious Metals – Canada: GEOs earned from Canadian assets in 2017 are expected to
                      decrease, reflecting the Holloway mine being placed on care and maintenance in late 2016, as
                      well as a reduction in our attributable ounces from Kirkland Lake following the 1% NSR buy-
                      back in October 2016.
                     ·Precious Metals – Latin America: GEOs from Latin America are expected to increase,
                      reflecting increased production from Candelaria due to an optimization of the open pit life-of-
                      mine plan and inclusion of additional volumes of higher grade underground ore. This increase is
                      expected to be partly offset by lower silver production from Antamina, which had exceptionally
                      high production levels in 2016.
                     ·Precious Metals – Rest of World: GEOs from Rest of World assets are forecasted to increase
                      compared to 2016, reflecting the first full-year of fixed ounce deliveries from Karma, and a full
                      year of production at the Vivien and Wiluna mines. These increases will be partly offset by the
                      cessation of production from the Cooke 4 operations.
                     ·Other Minerals: GEOs from other minerals are expected to be relatively similar to 2016.
                     ·Oil & Gas: Oil & gas revenues are expected to increase in 2017 compared to 2016, as a result of
                      the additions of the STACK assets in Q4/2016 and Midland assets in 2017.
                We expect to fund approximately $200.0 million to $220.0 million towards the Cobre Panama
                precious metals stream in 2017. In 2016, the Company funded a total of $124.3 million, for a total of
                $462.2 million of its $1 billion commitment.
                In addition, the Company estimates depletion and depreciation expense to be $265.0 million to
                $295.0 million for 2017.
                Franco-Nevada strives to generate 80% of revenue from precious metals over a long-term horizon
                which includes gold, PGM and silver. In the short-term, we may diverge from the long-term target
                based on opportunities available. With 93.7% of revenue earned from precious metals in 2016, the
                Company has the


file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                       116/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      7




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm       117/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                flexibility to consider diversification opportunities outside of the precious metals space and increase
                its exposure to other commodities.

                MARKET OVERVIEW
                The prices of precious metals are the largest factors in determining profitability and cash-flow from
                operations for Franco-Nevada. Historically, the price of gold has been subject to volatile price
                movements and is affected by numerous macroeconomic and industry factors that are beyond the
                Company’s control. Major influences on the gold price include macroeconomic factors such as the
                level of interest rates, inflation expectations, currency exchange rate fluctuations including the
                relative strength of the U.S. dollar, and the supply of and demand for gold.
                The gold price exhibited a positive rally in the first half of 2016 due to continuously low interest rates
                and uncertainty following the Brexit vote in June 2016, reaching a peak of $1,366/oz. However, these
                gains were somewhat reversed in the fourth quarter of 2016, following the U.S. Presidential election
                in November 2016 and an increase in interest rates by the U.S. Federal Reserve in December 2016.
                Volatility is expected to continue into 2017, as the implementation of economic policies by the new
                U.S. administration shifts international trade relations, further interest rate hikes are potentially
                enacted by the U.S. Federal Reserve, and a number of elections take place in Europe, adding to
                instability in the Eurozone.
                Overall, the gold price ended the year 2016 at $1,146/oz approximately 8% higher than at the end of
                2015. During Q4/2016, average gold prices traded between $1,126/oz and $1,313/oz with an average
                price of $1,218/oz. This compares to an average gold price of $1,104/oz for Q4/2015, an increase of
                10.3%, and $1,335/oz for Q3/2016.
                Silver prices averaged $17.18/oz in Q4/2016, compared to $14.76/oz in Q4/2015, an increase of
                16.4%. Platinum and palladium prices averaged $944/oz and $684/oz, respectively, compared to
                $908/oz and $606/oz, respectively, for Q4/2015, increases of 4.0% and 12.9% year-over-year,
                respectively.
                For the year 2016, average gold prices traded between $1,077/oz and $1,366/oz with an average price
                of $1,248/oz. This compares to an average gold price of $1,160/oz for the year ended December 31,
                2015, an increase of 7.6%. Silver prices averaged $17.20/oz in 2016, compared to $15.68 in 2015, an
                increase of 9.7%. Platinum and palladium prices averaged $987/oz and $613/oz, respectively,
                compared to $1,054/oz and $691/oz, respectively, for 2015, decreases of 6.4% and 11.3% year-over-
                year, respectively.
                Commodity price volatility also impacts the number of GEOs contributed by non-gold mineral assets
                when converting silver, platinum, palladium and other minerals to GEOs. Silver, platinum, palladium
                and other minerals are converted to GEOs by dividing associated revenue, which includes settlement
                adjustments, by the relevant gold price. The gold price used in the computation of GEOs earned from
                a particular asset varies depending on the royalty or stream agreement, which may make reference to
                the market price realized by the operator, or the average for the month, quarter, or year in which the
                mineral was produced or sold.
                Despite the volatile commodity prices, the Company continued to deliver strong results and
                significant increases in GEOs compared to 2015, reflecting the performance of our mineral asset
                portfolio as well as accretion from recent acquisitions such as the Antamina and Antapaccay
                streams. One of the strengths of the Franco-Nevada business model is that our business is not
                impacted when producer costs increase as long as the producer continues to operate. Royalty and
                stream payments/deliveries are based on production levels of the underlying operations with no
                adjustments for the operator’s operating costs, with the exception of NPI and NRI royalties, which
                are based on the profit of the underlying mining operation. Profit-based royalties accounted for
                approximately 10.8% of total revenues in Q4/2016, and 7.5% for full year 2016.




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                          118/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      8




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm       119/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                    (in millions, except Average Gold Price, GEOs,                    For the Three Months                   For the Year Ended
                    Margin and per share amounts)                                     Ended December 31,                       December 31,
                                                                                         2016         2015                     2016         2015

                    Statistical Measures
                       Average Gold Price                                            $     1,218        $     1,104      $     1,248       $     1,160
                       GEOs1                                                             121,910            106,312          464,383           360,070

                    Statement of Income and Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
                       Revenue                                    $ 155.3     $                               121.3      $     610.2       $     443.6
                       Depletion and depreciation                      67.2                                    65.8            273.8             216.3
                       Impairment charges                              67.5                                    62.9             67.5              64.9
                       Operating income (loss)2                         0.4                                   (36.1)           155.4              51.3
                       Net (loss) income                               (4.5)                                  (31.4)           122.2              24.6
                       Basic (loss) earnings per share            $ (0.03)    $                               (0.20)     $      0.70       $      0.16
                       Diluted (loss) earnings per share          $ (0.03)    $                               (0.20)     $      0.69       $      0.16

                       Dividends declared per share                                  $      0.22        $      0.21      $      0.87       $      0.83
                       Dividends declared (including DRIP)                           $      39.7        $      32.3      $     156.8       $     129.0
                       Weighted average shares outstanding                                 178.3              156.8            175.2             156.9

                    Non-IFRS Measures
                      Adjusted EBITDA2,3                                             $     122.2   $           94.2   $        489.1   $         337.1
                      Adjusted EBITDA2,3 per share                                   $      0.69   $           0.60   $         2.79   $          2.16
                      Margin2,3                                                             78.7 %             77.7 %           80.2 %            76.0 %
                      Adjusted Net Income2,3                                         $      42.9   $           23.7   $        164.4   $          88.9
                      Adjusted Net Income2,3 per share                               $      0.24   $           0.15   $         0.94   $          0.57

                    Statement of Cash Flows
                       Net cash provided by operating activities2                    $ 121.9            $   84.9         $ 471.0           $ 314.3
                       Net cash used in investing activities2                        $ (113.3)          $ (987.7)        $ (689.8)         $ (1,106.1)
                       Net cash (used in) provided by financing
                       activities                                                    $     (30.5)       $     445.2      $     321.7       $     374.1

                                                                                                                As at                         As at
                                                                                                    December 31, 2016            December 31, 2015
                    Statement of Financial Position
                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                    $                253.0       $                149.2
                       Short-term investments                                                                           —                          18.8
                       Total assets                                                                                4,221.6                      3,674.3
                       Debt                                                                                             —                         457.3
                       Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                37.5                         33.2
                       Total shareholders’ equity                                                                  4,146.5                      3,163.0
                       Working capital                                                                               323.6                        253.9
                1 Refer to Note 1 at the bottom of page 4 of this MD&A for the methodology for calculating GEOs, and, for illustrative purposes, to the
                  average commodity price table on pages 13 and 21 of this MD&A for indicative prices which may be used in the calculations of GEOs.
                2 In Q3/2016, the Company adopted a retrospective change in accounting policy with respect to its classification of proceeds from sales of
                  gold bullion in its statement of cash flows and statement of income and comprehensive income (loss). For further information, refer to
                  Note 2(b) of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2016. The Company’s non-IFRS measures, as defined
                  in pages 37-40 of this MD&A, were also adjusted accordingly to reflect gains/losses on sales of such gold bullion as an operating activity
                  that is part of the Company’s underlying business. Comparative information has been adjusted to conform to current presentation.
                3 Adjusted EBITDA, Margin and Adjusted Net Income are non-IFRS financial measures with no standardized meaning under IFRS. For
                  further information and a detailed reconciliation, please see pages 37-40 of this MD&A.




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                            120/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      9




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm       121/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                REVENUE BY ASSET
                Our portfolio is well-diversified with GEOs and revenue being earned from 46 mineral assets and 60
                oil & gas interests in various jurisdictions. The following table details revenue earned from our
                various royalty, stream and working interests for the three months and year ended December 31, 2016
                and 2015:

                                                                                          For the three months ended          For the year ended
                    (expressed in millions)                                                     December 31,                    December 31,
                    Property                                     Interest                    2016           2015             2016            2015
                    PRECIOUS METALS
                    United States
                    Goldstrike                    NSR 2-4%, NPI 2.4-6%                   $         3.1   $         9.5   $       22.9    $       23.4
                    Stillwater                    NSR 5%                                           3.8             3.2           14.6            15.6
                    Gold Quarry                   NSR 7.29%                                        3.6             2.4           14.0            13.1
                    Marigold                      NSR 1.75-5%, GR 0.5-4%                           3.1             2.3           10.1             6.0
                    Fire Creek/Midas              Fixed to 2018 / NSR 2.5%                         1.5             2.1            9.2             8.7
                    Bald Mountain                 NSR/GR 0.875-5%                                  1.3             1.8            3.9             8.2
                    South Arturo                  GR 4-9%                                         10.7              —            13.8             0.2
                    Other                                                                          0.7             0.8            2.5             2.3
                    Canada
                    Sudbury                       Stream 50%                             $         6.0             6.4           30.4    $       23.2
                    Detour Lake                   NSR 2%                                           3.8             3.3           13.3            11.7
                    Golden Highway                NSR 2-15%                                        2.7             2.2           10.7            10.1
                    Musselwhite                   NPI 5%                                           2.0             3.1            5.1             5.4
                    Hemlo                         NSR 3%, NPI 50%                                  7.2             3.3           12.7             5.0
                    Kirkland Lake1                NSR 1.5-5.5%, NPI 20%                            1.0             1.1            5.2             4.6
                    Timmins West                  NSR 2.25%                                        0.9             0.8            3.2             3.7
                    Canadian Malartic             GR 1.5%                                          0.3             0.5            2.1             1.6
                    Other                                                                          0.1              —             0.2             0.1
                    Latin America
                    Antapaccay                    Stream (indexed)                       $        27.2   $         —     $       92.5    $         —
                    Antamina                      Stream 22.5%                                    12.2           14.4            75.0            14.4
                    Candelaria                    Stream 68%                                      23.7           24.3            88.5           101.6
                    Guadalupe-Palmarejo2          Stream 50%                                       8.3           13.8            44.6            59.6
                    Other                                                                          0.7            1.0             3.1             4.1
                    Rest of World
                    MWS                           Stream 25%                             $         5.5   $        6.5    $       27.1    $       26.2
                    Sabodala                      Stream 6%, Fixed to 2019                         4.6            6.1            26.0            28.3
                    Subika                        NSR 2%                                           1.4            0.9             4.8             4.3
                    Tasiast                       NSR 2%                                           1.6            1.1             4.4             5.0
                    Karma                         Stream 4.875%, Fixed to 75koz                    3.0             —             14.4              —
                    Duketon                       NSR 2%                                           1.8            1.6             7.2             6.7
                    Edikan                        NSR 1.5%                                         0.6            0.9             3.1             3.7
                    Other                                                                          0.3            1.4             6.9             8.7
                                                                                         $       142.7   $      114.8    $      571.5    $      405.5

                    Other Minerals                                                       $         2.2   $         2.1   $        8.6    $       10.1

                    Oil & Gas
                    Weyburn                       NRI 11.71%, ORR 0.44%, WI 2.56%        $         7.9   $         3.5   $       23.6    $       21.1
                    Midale                        ORR 1.14%, WI 1.59%                              0.4             0.3            1.4             1.8
                    Edson                         ORR 15%                                          0.4             0.4            1.2             1.7
                    STACK                         ORR & Mineral Title 7.15%                        0.9              —             0.9              —
                    Other                                                                          0.8             0.2            3.0             3.4
                                                                                         $        10.4   $         4.4   $       30.1    $       28.0

                    Revenue                                                              $       155.3   $      121.3    $      610.2    $      443.6

                1 In October 2016, the overlying NSR on the Kirkland Lake Gold properties was reduced from 2.5% to 1.5% pursuant to Kirkland Lake’s
                  buy-back of 1% of the NSR.
                2 In July 2016, Coeur met its obligation to deliver 400,000 ounces under the Palmarejo agreement. Deliveries under the new Guadalupe
                  agreement commenced in Q4/2016.


                                                                                  10




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                     122/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                Franco-Nevada realized record growth from its mineral assets in 2016, both in revenue and GEOs,
                reflecting the performance of our mineral asset portfolio as well as accretion from recent acquisitions.


                            P:\Finance\Financial Reporting-
                                                                   P:\Finance\Financial Reporting-
                          2016\Q4 2016\01 - Financials\01 -
                                                                 2016\Q4 2016\01 - Financials\01 -
                          MD&A\2_graph2_GEOs - BT.jpg
                                                                  MD&A\3_graph3_REVENUE -
                                                                              BT.jpg




                Significant Mineral Interests
                The most significant mineral assets which contributed to our 2016 performance included the
                following:
                Antapaccay
                The Company owns a gold and silver stream with reference to production from the Antapaccay mine,
                located in Peru. Under the stream agreement, gold and silver deliveries are initially referenced to
                copper in concentrate shipped. Franco-Nevada will receive 300 ounces of gold and 4,700 ounces of
                silver for each 1,000 tonnes of copper in concentrate shipped, until 630,000 ounces of gold and 10
                million ounces of silver have been delivered. Thereafter, Franco-Nevada will receive 30% of the gold
                and silver in concentrate shipped. Franco-Nevada will initially pay an on-going price of 20% of the
                spot price of gold and silver until 750,000 ounces of refined gold and 12.8 million ounces of refined
                silver have been delivered. Thereafter, the on-going price will increase to 30% of the spot price of
                gold and silver. As at December 31, 2016, Antapaccay has delivered 60,470 ounces of gold, and 0.9
                million ounces of silver since the stream was acquired in February 2016. These deliveries converted
                to 73,612 GEOs for 2016.
                Candelaria
                The Company owns a 68% gold and silver stream on Lundin Mining Corporation’s Candelaria mine
                in Chile. The stream will reduce to 40% after 720,000 ounces of gold and 12 million ounces of silver
                have been delivered to Franco-Nevada. Franco-Nevada will pay an ongoing price equal to the lesser
                of $400 per ounce of gold and $4.00 per ounce of silver or the then prevailing spot price for gold and
                silver for each ounce delivered under the stream. This price will escalate by 1% per annum following
                the third anniversary of the closing. As at December 31, 2016, Candelaria has delivered 145,864
                ounces of gold and 2.5 million ounces of silver since the stream was acquired in November 2014.
                Deliveries received in 2016 converted to 73,410 GEOs, of which 71,378 GEOs were sold in 2016.
                Antamina
                The Company owns a silver stream on Teck Resources Limited’s 22.5% interest in the Antamina
                mine located in Peru, subject to a fixed silver payability of 90%. Franco-Nevada pays 5% of the spot
                silver price for each ounce of silver delivered under the stream. The stream will reduce by one-third
                after 86 million ounces have been delivered under the stream agreement. As at December 31, 2016,
                Antamina has delivered 5.4 million ounces of silver since the stream was acquired in October 2015.
                Deliveries in 2016 converted to 60,273 GEOs.
file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                        123/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm        124/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                Palmarejo-Guadalupe
                Until July 2016, the Company owned a 50% gold stream on the Palmarejo silver and gold project.
                The Palmarejo stream covered 50% of the gold production from the Palmarejo project, included a
                monthly minimum of 4,167 ounces and was capped at 400,000 ounces. The Company paid Coeur the
                lesser of $400 per ounce, subject to an annual 1% inflation adjustment commencing in January 2013,
                and the prevailing spot price, for each ounce of gold delivered under the stream agreement. In July
                2016, the 400,000 minimum ounce obligation was met at which point the Palmarejo stream was
                terminated and the Guadalupe stream became effective. Franco-Nevada believes the new agreement
                improves mine economics for Coeur and extends the mine life of the entire Palmarejo operation. The
                $22.0 million deposit provided by Franco-Nevada was used to partially fund the development of the
                Guadalupe underground mine on the Palmarejo property. Ongoing payments will be equal to the
                lesser of $800 per ounce (no inflation adjustment) and the then prevailing spot price for gold for each
                ounce delivered under the new stream agreement. In 2016, the Company received a combined 36,386
                ounces of gold from the Palmarejo-Guadalupe streams, of which 7,058 GEOs were delivered as part
                of the Guadalupe agreement.
                Sudbury Basin
                The Company has an agreement to purchase 50% of the gold equivalent ounces of the gold, platinum
                and palladium contained in ore mined and shipped from the KGHM International Ltd. operations in
                Sudbury, Ontario. The Company will pay for each gold equivalent ounce delivered, a cash payment
                of the lesser of $400 per ounce (subject to a 1% annual inflationary adjustment starting in July 2011)
                or the then prevailing market price per ounce of gold. In 2016, the Company received 23,539 GEOs
                from its Sudbury Basin assets.
                Significant Mineral Interests – 2015
                The most significant mineral assets which contributed to our 2015 performance were our Candelaria
                stream (86,824 GEOs), Palmarejo stream (51,420 GEOs), Sabodala 6% gold stream (fixed to 22,500
                ounces annually until 2019) (24,375 GEOs) and Mine Waste Solutions 25% gold stream (22,616
                GEOs).
                Significant Oil & Gas Interests
                The most significant Oil & Gas asset which contributed to our 2016 performance was the following:
                Weyburn
                The Weyburn Unit is located in Saskatchewan, Canada and is operated by Cenovus Energy Inc. The
                Company holds an 11.71% net royalty interest (“NRI”), a 0.44% royalty interest and a 2.56%
                working interest in the Weyburn Unit. The Company takes product-in-kind for the working interest
                and NRI portions of this production and markets it through a third-party. An NRI is a royalty interest
                that is paid net of operating and capital costs. In 2016, the Company recognized $23.6 million in
                revenue from its Weyburn interest.
                Significant Oil & Gas Interests – 2015
                In 2015, the Weyburn interest was also our most significant Oil & Gas asset, contributing $21.1
                million in revenue.
                Significant Projects Under Development
                The Company’s most significant mineral asset under development is the Cobre Panama gold and
                silver stream. Under its agreement with First Quantum, which owns 80% of the project, Franco-
                Nevada will provide a maximum of $1 billion in deposit pro-rata on a 1:3 ratio of First Quantum’s
                share of the capital costs. According to First Quantum, the project was 46% complete as of year-end,
                has an estimated capital cost of $5.48 billion, and is scheduled for a phased commissioning in late
                2018 and continued ramp-up in 2019. At December 31, 2016, the Company has funded a total of
                $462.2 million of its $1 billion commitment.
                Cash flows from the Company’s interest in the STACK shale play in Oklahoma’s Anadarko basin,
                which closed in Q4/2016, are expected to grow substantially as the top two operators of the lands,


file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                       125/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                Newfield Exploration and Devon Energy, have announced the STACK assets would be a major focus
                of their capital spending.

                                                             12




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                             126/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE –Q4/2016 TO Q4/2015
                The prices of precious metals, oil and gas and the actual production from mineral and oil & gas assets
                are the largest factors in determining profitability and cash flow from operations for Franco-Nevada.
                The following table summarizes average commodity prices and average exchange rate during the
                periods presented.
                                                                                                            QOQ       YOY
                Quarterly average prices and                                                              (Q4/16-   (Q4/16-
                rates                                                  Q4/2016 Q3/2016 Q4/2015             Q3/16)    Q4/15)
                   Gold1                                    ($/oz)     $ 1,218 $ 1,335 $ 1,104               (8.8)%   10.3 %
                   Silver2                                  ($/oz)       17.18   19.62   14.76              (12.4)%   16.4 %
                   Platinum3                                ($/oz)         944   1,084     908              (12.9)%    4.0 %
                   Palladium3                               ($/oz)         684     676     606                1.2 %   12.9 %

                    Edmonton Light                         (C$/bbl)       60.70       54.41      52.46      11.6 %    15.7 %
                    Quality Differential                   (C$/bbl)       (5.83)      (3.80)     (8.14)     53.4 %    28.4 %
                    Realized oil price                     (C$/bbl)       54.87       50.61      44.32       8.4 %    23.8 %

                    CAD/USD exchange rate4                               0.7496      0.7663     0.7492      (2.2)%     0.1 %
                1    Based on LBMA Gold Price PM Fix.
                2     Based on LBMA Silver Price.
                3     Based on London PM Fix.
                4    Based on Bank of Canada noon rates.


                Revenue and Gold Equivalent Ounces
                Revenue for Q4/2016 was $155.3 million compared with $121.3 million for Q4/2015, an increase of
                28.0%. The increase year-over-year is due to the increase of GEOs sold of 121,910 GEOs Q4/2016,
                 an increase of 14.7% from 106,312 GEOs in Q4/2015, coupled with higher average precious metals
                prices. Of this $155.3 million in revenue, precious metals revenue comprised 91.9%, compared to
                94.6% in Q4/2015, while revenue from the Americas was 87.2%, compared to 84.1% in Q4/2015.
                                           Quarterly Revenue by Commodity and Geography
                                                                      (expressed in millions)




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                            127/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                                      P:\Finance\Financial Reporting-2016\Q4
                                            2016\01 - Financials\01 -
                                      MD&A\Pictures\4_graph4_p16'16_Q
                                            REVbyCOMMODITY.jpg




                                         P:\Finance\Financial Reporting-
                                       2016\Q4 2016\01 - Financials\01 -
                                      MD&A\Pictures\5_graph5_p16'16_Q
                                          REVbyGEOGRAPHY.jpg




                                                       13




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                            128/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                The following table outlines GEOs and revenue attributable to Franco-Nevada for the three months
                ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 by commodity, geographical location and type of interest:
                                                                             Gold Equivalent Ounces1                    Revenue (in millions)
                For the three months ended December 31,                      2016     2015    Variance                2016    2015      Variance
                Commodity
                Precious Metals
                   Gold                                                    93,775        79,800         13,975      $ 112.8      $ 88.0       $ 24.8
                   Silver                                                  18,650        17,112          1,538         21.9         18.9         3.0
                   PGM                                                      7,611         7,523             88          8.0          7.9         0.1
                Precious Metals - Total                                   120,036       104,435         15,601        142.7        114.8        27.9
                Other Minerals                                              1,874         1,877             (3)         2.2          2.1         0.1
                Oil & Gas                                                       -             -              -         10.4          4.4         6.0
                                                                          121,910       106,312         15,598      $ 155.3      $ 121.3      $ 34.0
                Geography
                United States                                              23,052        20,141          2,911      $ 28.7       $ 22.2       $  6.5
                Canada                                                     21,818        20,215          1,603         34.7         26.2         8.5
                Latin America                                              60,808        48,243         12,565         72.1         53.6        18.5
                Rest of World                                              16,232        17,713         (1,481)        19.8         19.3         0.5
                                                                          121,910       106,312         15,598      $ 155.3      $ 121.3      $ 34.0
                Type
                Revenue-based                                              23,387        26,213         (2,826)     $ 31.0       $ 29.7       $  1.3
                Streams                                                    77,197        65,822         11,375         90.7         72.2        18.5
                Profit-based                                                9,628        10,705         (1,077)        16.8         13.0         3.8
                Other                                                      11,698         3,572          8,126         16.8          6.4        10.4
                                                                          121,910       106,312         15,598      $ 155.3      $ 121.3      $ 34.0
                4 Refer to Note 1 at the bottom of page 4 of this MD&A for the methodology for calculating GEOs, and, for illustrative purposes, to the
                  average commodity price table on page 13 of this MD&A for indicative prices which may be used in the calculations of GEOs.

                GEOs and revenue from precious metals were earned from the following geographical locations:
                                                                             Gold Equivalent Ounces1                     Revenue (in millions)
                For the three months ended December 31,                      2016     2015    Variance                 2016    2015      Variance
                Geography for Precious Metals
                 Precious Metals
                    United States                                           22,971        20,064         2,907       $ 27.8       $ 22.1       $  5.7
                    Canada                                                  20,849        19,196         1,653          24.0         20.7         3.3
                    Latin America                                           60,808        48,243        12,565          72.1         53.6        18.5
                    Rest of World                                           15,408        16,932        (1,524)         18.8         18.4         0.4
                 Precious Metals - Total                                   120,036       104,435        15,601       $ 142.7      $ 114.8      $ 27.9
                 Other Minerals                                              1,874         1,877            (3)          2.2          2.1         0.1
                 Oil & Gas                                                       -             -             -          10.4          4.4         6.0
                                                                           121,910       106,312        15,598       $ 155.3      $ 121.3      $ 34.0
                5 Refer to Note 1 at the bottom of page 4 of this MD&A for the methodology for calculating GEOs, and, for illustrative purposes, to the
                  average commodity price table on page 13 of this MD&A for indicative prices which may be used in the calculations of GEOs.




                                                                                   14




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                       129/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                                             GEO Reconciliation –Q4/2015 to Q4/2016
                                           P:\Finance\Financial Reporting-2016\Q4 2016\01 -
                                      Financials\01 - MD&A\Pictures\6.2_waterfall1_GEO SOLD
                                                       Recon_Q4'15-Q4'16 .jpg




                Revenue from precious metals assets was $142.7 million in Q4/2016 compared to $114.8 million in
                Q4/2015, reflecting 120,036 GEOs from precious metals assets, an increase of 14.9% from 104,435
                GEOs in Q4/2015. The largest component of these increases was contributed by our Latin American
                assets which realized an increase of 26.0% in GEOs, and 34.5% in revenue compared to the prior
                year.
                GEOs and revenue increases for the quarter are attributable to the following:
                     ·The Company received 22,927 GEO deliveries from Antapaccay, a stream added in the first
                      quarter of 2016.
                     ·The Company received its first full quarter delivery from South Arturo, totaling 8,808 GEOs,
                      which poured its first gold in August 2016. South Arturo is a mine operated by a joint venture
                      between Barrick and Premier Gold Mines Limited on which the Company owns a 4-9% gross
                      royalty.
                     ·The Company received 3,750 GEOs under its Karma stream, of which 2,500 were sold in
                      Q4/2016, with 1,250 ounces remaining in inventory at December 31, 2016. Deliveries from
                      Karma are fixed in the initial years at a rate of 1,250 ounces per month. Karma poured its first
                      gold in April 2016 and is operated by Endeavour Mining Corporation.
                The above significant increases in GEOs were partially offset by decreases in GEO deliveries
                compared to Q4/2015 from the following assets:
                     ·Goldstrike (decrease of 6,145 GEOs) with fewer ounces received under both the NSR and NPI.
                     ·Guadalupe (a decrease of 5,443 GEOs). The agreement for Palmarejo ended in July 2016 as
                      Coeur met its obligation to deliver 400,000 ounces. Deliveries in Q4/2016 were under the new
                      Guadalupe agreement.
                     ·Antamina (decrease of 2,402 GEOs), as Q4/2016 deliveries were net of adjustments reflecting
                      final settlements of provisional priced sales.
                During Q4/2016, 1,310,124 ounces of silver were delivered from our Candelaria, Antapaccay,
                Antamina and Cerro San Pedro interests which were converted to 18,650 GEOs.
                Other Minerals generated 1,874 GEOs and $2.2 million in revenue.
                At December 31, 2016, there remains $2.7 million in inventory for 7,126 gold ounces which were
                delivered under our Candelaria, Sabodala, Karma, MWS and Klondex agreements that had not been
                sold at year-end.
                Oil & Gas assets generated revenue of $10.4 million for the quarter (96% oil and 4% gas), compared
                to $4.4 million for the same period of 2015 (96% oil and 4% gas), an increase of 136.4%. Production
                for the quarter was 12.2% higher than in Q4/2015; coupled with higher oil prices and lower operating
                costs from the operators. The actual realized price was 24% higher in Q4/2016, at C$54.87/boe
                compared to C$44.32/boe for Q4/2015.

file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                      130/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                Revenue from the Weyburn Unit for the quarter increased to $7.9 million (2015 - $3.5 million) with
                $5.1 million earned from the NRI (2015 - $1.1 million), $2.4 million earned from the working
                interest (2015 -

                                                                15




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                  131/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                $2.0 million) and $0.4 million earned from the overriding royalties (2015 - $0.4 million). Revenue
                from the Weyburn NRI was higher due to the lower operating costs. Operating and capital expenses
                were 21% and 48% lower in Q4/2016 compared to Q4/2015, respectively. The actual realized price
                from the NRI was 22% higher in Q4/2016, at C$55.57/boe compared to C$45.68/boe for Q4/2015.
                Oil & Gas revenue also included $0.9 million from the STACK acquisition.

                Operating Costs and Expenses
                The following table provides a list of operating costs and expenses incurred in the periods presented:
                                                                                          Three months ended
                                                                                              December 31,
                    (expressed in millions)                                             2016       2015    Variance
                    Costs of sales                                                    $ 25.7 $ 24.3 $           1.4
                    Depletion and depreciation                                           67.2       65.8        1.4
                    Corporate administration                                              5.8        2.9        2.9
                    Business development                                                  2.3       (0.1)       2.4
                    Impairment charges                                                   67.5       62.8        4.7
                    Gain on sale of royalty interest                                    (14.1)        —       (14.1)
                    (Gain) loss on sale of gold bullion                                   0.5        1.7       (1.2)
                                                                                      $ 154.9 $ 157.4 $        (2.5)

                Costs of Sales
                The following table provides a breakdown of cost of sales incurred in the periods presented:
                                                                                  Three months ended December 31,
                    (expressed in millions)                                          2016         2015    Variance
                    Cost of stream sales                                         $    25.4 $       20.8 $      4.6
                    Cost of prepaid ounces                                             1.2          1.7       (0.5)
                    Mineral production taxes                                          (1.8)         0.8       (2.6)
                    Oil & Gas operating costs                                          0.9          1.0       (0.1)
                                                                                 $    25.7 $       24.3 $      1.4
                The increase of $1.4 million is primarily attributable to more stream ounces delivered pursuant to the
                various stream agreements and sold in Q4/2016 when compared to Q4/2015. The ongoing stream
                cost per ounce are either a fixed amount per ounce delivered (adjusted for inflation each year) or an
                amount based as a percentage of spot price of gold or silver. Of the 83,656 GEOs delivered pursuant
                to its stream agreements, the Company sold 77,197 GEOs in Q4/2016 compared to 65,822 GEOs sold
                in Q4/2015. The cost of $2.1 million of the 6,459 GEOs that were not sold at year-end is presented as
                inventory in other current assets on the Company’s statement of financial position as at December 31,
                2016 (2015 – nil).
                Offsetting the increase in cost of stream sales is a decrease in mineral production taxes, and the cost
                of prepaid ounces. Mineral production taxes decrease in Q4/2016 compared to Q4/2015 reflects a
                refund of withholding taxes from an operator as a result of changes in the Nevada net proceeds tax
                legislature. The decrease in the cost of prepaid ounces recognized in Q4/2016 compared to Q4/ 2015
                is due to fewer ounces sold, of 1,333 GEOs compared to 1,875 GEOs. Although prepaid ounces
                received in Q4/2016 increased relative to the prior year period, fewer ounces were sold. Included in
                inventory at December 31, 2016 is the cost of the 667 prepaid ounces that remained unsold of $0.6
                million (2015 – nil).

                                                                  16




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                       132/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                                          Costs of Sales Reconciliation –Q4/2015 to Q4/2016
                                                            (expressed in millions)
                                        P:\Finance\Financial Reporting-2016\Q4 2016\01 - Financials\01 -
                                      MD&A\Pictures\7_waterfall2_p19_COSTs of Sales Recon_Q4'15-Q4'16.jpg




                Depletion and Depreciation
                Depletion and depreciation totaled $67.2 million for the quarter compared to $65.8 million in
                Q4/2015. The majority of the increase of $1.4 million is due to the depletion expense of $13.8 million
                associated with Antapaccay, a significant stream acquisition completed in February 2016, $7.2
                million in relation to South Arturo, which commenced commercial production in August 2016, and
                $2.1 million for Karma for which deliveries started in the first quarter of 2016. These increases were
                partially offset by lower depletion on Goldstrike, Guadalupe and Antamina, reflecting lower
                production in Q4/2016 compared to Q4/2015.
                                            Depletion Reconciliation –Q4/2015 to Q4/2016
                                                            (expressed in millions)

                                 P:\Finance\Financial Reporting-2016\Q4 2016\01 - Financials\01 -
                                 MD&A\Pictures\8_waterfall3_p20_DEPLETION Recon_Q4'15-
                                                          Q4'16.jpg




                                                                      17




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                      133/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                Corporate Administration
                The following table provides a breakdown of corporate administration expenses incurred for the
                periods presented:
                                                                                   Three months ended December 31,
                    (expressed in millions)                                           2016         2015    Variance
                    Salaries and benefits                                        $      3.4 $        1.2 $      2.2
                    Professional fees                                                   0.3          0.2        0.1
                    Office costs                                                        0.2          0.2         —
                    Board of Directors cost                                            (0.2)         0.3       (0.5)
                    Share-based compensation                                            1.3          0.1        1.2
                    Other                                                               0.8          0.9       (0.1)
                                                                                 $      5.8 $        2.9 $      2.9

                Corporate administration expenses, representing 3.7% of revenue for Q4/2016, increased to $5.8
                million from $2.9 million in the same period in 2015, primarily as a result of higher incentive
                compensation expense in recognition of the Company’s performance. This was partly offset by a
                decrease in costs related to the Company’s Board of Directors, which includes the mark-to-market of
                the value of deferred share units that are granted to directors of the Company. As the Company’s
                share price decreased from September 30, 2016 to December 31, 2016, the Company recognized a
                decrease in the value of the deferred share unit liability.

                Business Development Expenses
                Business development expenses totaled $2.3 million compared to a recovery of $0.1 million in
                Q4/2015. Timing and amount of these costs typically vary depending upon the level of business
                development related activity, and the timing of completing transactions. Business development
                expenses related to completed transactions are capitalized to the relevant mineral interest asset
                following the closing of transactions.
                Impairment Charges
                Impairments of royalty, stream and working interests were $67.5 million for Q4/2016, compared to
                $62.8 million in Q4/2015.
                Impairment charges in Q4/2016 related to the Cooke 4 underground mine, on which the Company
                holds a 7% gold stream. The impairment was a result of the announcement in October 2016 from
                Sibanye that it had ceased operations at Cooke 4 due to continued operational losses. The Company
                conducted an impairment analysis and estimated the net present value of the estimated future cash-
                flows expected to be generated by the mining of the Cooke 4 tailings. Key assumptions used in the
                impairment testing included timing of the expected future cash flows, long-term forecasted gold
                prices, which the Company estimated at $1,321/oz, and the discount rate of 8%. As a result of this
                analysis, the Company estimated the recoverable amount of its Cooke 4 asset to be $2.1 million.
                Impairment charges in Q4/2015 included a charge on the Company’s Weyburn and Midale oil
                interests of $41.3 million and $7.0 million, respectively, which were the result of a significant
                deterioration of oil prices in 2015 which impacted the Canadian oil industry and results of annual
                reserve assessments. The Red Lake (Phoenix) mineral asset, operated by Rubicon Minerals
                Corporation, was also impaired with a charge of $11.4 million, following a significant decrease in the
                project’s mineral resources.
                Gain on Disposal of Royalty Interest
                In October 2016, Kirkland Lake exercised its option to buy back 1% of an overlying 2.5% NSR for
                aggregate cash consideration of $30.3 million ($36.0 million less royalty proceeds previously
                received attributable to the buy-back portion of the NSR). The Company recognized a gain on
                disposal of $14.1 million in the consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income (loss)
                for the year ended December 31, 2016.

                                                                  18


file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                      134/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   135/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                Gain or Loss on Sale of Gold Bullion
                The Company recognized a gain on the sale of gold bullion of $0.5 million in Q4/2016, compared to
                a loss of $1.7 million in Q4/2015. Gold bullion is physical ounces of gold which Company receives
                as settlement from certain of the Company’s royalty interests, and is presented as other current assets
                on the statement of financial position.
                Foreign Exchange and Other Income/Expenses
                The following table provides a list of foreign exchange and other income/expenses incurred for the
                periods presented:
                                                                                            Three months ended
                                                                                                December 31,
                    (expressed in millions)                                               2016       2015 Variance
                    Foreign exchange loss                                               $ (0.3) $ (0.6) $      0.3
                    Mark-to-market gain (loss) on warrants                                  0.4       (0.2)    0.6
                    Other                                                                   0.5         —      0.5
                                                                                        $   0.6 $ (0.8) $      1.4
                Foreign exchange losses and other income/expenses were comprised of a foreign exchange loss of
                $0.3 million, compared to $0.6 million in Q4/2015, reflecting a slight weakening of the U.S. dollar
                relative to the Canadian dollar. Under IFRS, all foreign exchange gains or losses related to monetary
                assets and liabilities held in a currency other than the functional currency are recorded in net income
                as opposed to other comprehensive income. The parent company’s functional currency is the
                Canadian dollar, while the functional currency of certain of the Company’s subsidiaries is the U.S.
                dollar.
                Other items included a mark-to-market gain of $0.4 million (2015 – loss of $0.2 million) on warrants
                on various publicly-listed companies.
                Gain on Investments
                Gain on investments in Q4/2016 include a gain on the sale of available-for-sale securities of $1.2
                million (2015 – $nil), and $6.7 million of gain realized on the share exchange of one of the
                Company’s available-for-sale securities. Under IFRS, share exchanges are considered a disposal at
                fair market value. Any unrealized gain or loss is deducted from comprehensive income (loss) and
                recognized in the statement of income (loss).
                Finance Income and Finance Expenses
                The following table provides a breakdown of finance income and expenses incurred for the periods
                presented:
                                                                                                 Three months ended
                                                                                                    December 31,
                    (expressed in millions)                                                    2016     2015 Variance
                    Finance Income
                       Interest                                                            $    0.9   $   2.1   $   (1.2)
                                                                                           $    0.9   $   2.1   $   (1.2)
                    Finance Expenses
                       Standby Charges                                                     $    0.6   $   0.3   $    0.3
                       Interest                                                                 —         0.8       (0.8)
                       Amortization                                                             0.2       0.3       (0.1)
                                                                                           $    0.8   $   1.4   $   (0.6)

                Finance income was $0.9 million (2015 - $2.1 million) for the quarter while finance expenses were
                $0.8 million (2015 - $1.4 million). Finance income is earned on our cash equivalents and/or short-
                term investments. Finance income also includes interest income in the amount of $0.5 million
                accrued on the Noront Resources Ltd. (“Noront”) loan during Q4/2016. Finance expenses consist of
                the costs of standby charges, which represent the costs of maintaining our credit facility; and
                amortization of the costs incurred with respect to the initial set-up or subsequent amendments of the
                facility. In Q4/2016, the Company incurred no interest expense as it had not drawn on its credit
                facility.
file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                         136/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      19




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm        137/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                Income Taxes
                Franco-Nevada had an income tax expense of $13.4 million (2015 – recovery of $4.9 million) for the
                quarter comprised of a current income tax expense of $11.2 million (2015 - $5.3 million) and a
                deferred income tax expense of $2.2 million (2015 – recovery of $10.2 million). The income tax
                expense as a percentage of net income before tax for Q4/2016 increased year-over-year as a result of
                an impairment of streams and other one-time adjustments.
                Net Income
                Net loss for Q4/2016 was $4.5 million, or $0.03 per share, compared to $31.4 million, or $0.20 per
                share, for the same period in 2015. Adjusted Net Income was $42.9 million, or $0.24 per share,
                compared to $23.7 million, or $0.15 per share, earned in Q4/2015. The decrease in net loss and
                increase in Adjusted Net Income was driven primarily by higher revenue due to asset acquisitions
                completed in 2016, such as the Antapaccay mineral stream and the STACK oil interest, as well as
                mineral assets which commenced commercial production such as Karma and South Arturo. In both
                Q4/2016 and Q4/2015, impairment charges were recorded in the amounts of $67.5 million and $62.8
                million, respectively. However, the net loss in Q4/2016 was partly reduced by the gain of $14.1
                million realized on the Kirkland Lake buy-back.

                                                                 20




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                    138/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE – 2016 TO 2015
                The prices of precious metals, oil and gas and the actual production from mineral and oil & gas assets
                are the largest factors in determining profitability and cash flow from operations for Franco-Nevada.
                The following table summarizes average commodity prices and average exchange rates during the
                periods presented.

                Annual average prices and rates                                        2016       2015     Variance %
                  Gold1                                                     ($/oz)   $ 1,248    $ 1,160            7.6 %
                  Silver2                                                   ($/oz)      17.20      15.68           9.7 %
                  Platinum3                                                 ($/oz)        987      1,054          (6.4)%
                  Palladium3                                                ($/oz)        613        691         (11.3)%

                    Edmonton Light                                          C$/bbl     52.84      57.47          (8.1)%
                    Quality Differential                                    C$/bbl     (6.57)     (7.54)         12.9 %
                    Realized oil price                                      C$/bbl     46.27      49.93          (7.3)%

                    CAD/USD exchange rate4                                            0.7555     0.7820          (3.4)%
                1    Based on LBMA Gold Price PM Fix
                2     Based on LBMA Silver Price
                3     Based on London PM Fix
                4    Based on Bank of Canada noon rates

                Gold Equivalent Ounces and Revenue
                In 2016, Franco-Nevada generated revenue of $610.2 million compared with $443.6 million in 2015,
                an increase of 37.6%. The increase year-over-year is due to 464,383 GEOs sold, an increase of 29.0%
                over the 360,070 GEOs in 2015, coupled with stronger precious metals prices. For the year ended
                December 31, 2016, precious metals revenue accounted for 93.7% of total revenue compared to
                91.4% in 2015, while revenue generated from the Americas represented 84.1% of revenue compared
                to 80.0% in 2015.
                                               2016 Revenue by Commodity and Geography
                                                          (expressed in millions)




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                        139/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                                      P:\Finance\Financial Reporting-2016\Q4 2016\01
                                                     - Financials\01 -
                                          MD&A\Pictures\9_graph6_p23'16_YR
                                                REVbyCOMMODITY.jpg




                                              P:\Finance\Financial Reporting-
                                            2016\Q4 2016\01 - Financials\01 -
                                           MD&A\Pictures\10_graph7_p23'16_YR
                                               REVbyGEOGRAPHY.jpg




                                                             21




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                    140/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                The following table outlines GEOs and revenue attributable to Franco-Nevada for the year ended
                December 31, 2016 and 2015 by commodity, geographical location and type of interest:
                                                                             Gold Equivalent Ounces1                    Revenue (in millions)
                For the year ended December 31,                              2016     2015    Variance                2016    2015      Variance
                Commodity
                Precious Metals
                   Gold                                                   341,379       291,521        49,858       $ 425.9      $ 337.5      $ 88.4
                   Silver                                                  87,137        30,427        56,710         108.5         34.7         73.8
                   PGM                                                     28,958        29,335          (377)         37.1         33.3          3.8
                Precious Metals - Total                                   457,474       351,283       106,191         571.5        405.5        166.0
                Other Minerals                                              6,909         8,787        (1,878)          8.6         10.1         (1.5)
                Oil & Gas                                                       -             -             -          30.1         28.0          2.1
                                                                          464,383       360,070       104,313       $ 610.2      $ 443.6      $ 166.6
                Geography
                United States                                              73,155        67,806         5,349       $ 92.4       $ 78.1       $ 14.3
                Canada                                                     69,654        60,677         8,977         116.9         97.0         19.9
                Latin America                                             244,137       154,805        89,332         303.7        179.7        124.0
                Rest of World                                              77,437        76,782           655          97.2         88.8          8.4
                                                                          464,383       360,070       104,313       $ 610.2      $ 443.6      $ 166.6
                Type
                Revenue-based                                              94,072       105,085       (11,013)      $ 123.5      $ 127.7      $  (4.2)
                Streams                                                   321,093       222,670        98,423         401.6        257.6        144.0
                Profit-based                                               25,074        18,420         6,654          45.8         32.1         13.7
                Other                                                      24,144        13,895        10,249          39.3         26.2         13.1
                                                                          464,383       360,070       104,313       $ 610.2      $ 443.6      $ 166.6
                1 Refer to Note 1 at the bottom of page 4 of this MD&A for the methodology for calculating GEOs, and, for illustrative purposes, to the
                  average commodity price table on page 21 of this MD&A for indicative prices which may be used in the calculations of GEOs.



                GEOs and revenue from precious metals were earned from the following geographical locations:
                                                                             Gold Equivalent Ounces1                     Revenue (in millions)
                For the year ended December 31,                              2016     2015    Variance                 2016    2015      Variance
                Geography for Precious Metals
                 Precious Metals
                    United States                                           72,764        67,292         5,472       $ 91.0       $ 77.5       $ 13.5
                    Canada                                                  65,769        57,528         8,241          82.9         65.4         17.5
                    Latin America                                          244,137       154,805        89,332         303.7        179.7        124.0
                    Rest of World                                           74,804        71,658         3,146          93.9         82.9         11.0
                 Precious Metals - Total                                   457,474       351,283       106,191       $ 571.5      $ 405.5      $ 166.0
                 Other Minerals                                              6,909         8,787        (1,878)          8.6         10.1         (1.5)
                 Oil & Gas                                                       -             -             -          30.1         28.0          2.1
                                                                           464,383       360,070       104,313       $ 610.2      $ 443.6      $ 166.6
                2 Refer to Note 1 at the bottom of page 4 of this MD&A for the methodology for calculating GEOs, and, for illustrative purposes, to the
                  average commodity price table on page 21 of this MD&A for indicative prices which may be used in the calculations of GEOs.




                                                                                   22




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                       141/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                                                   GEO Reconciliation – 2015 to 2016
                                      P:\Finance\Financial Reporting-2016\Q4 2016\01 - Financials\01 -
                                      MD&A\Pictures\11_waterfall4_p25'16_GEO Sold_YR'15-16.jpg




                Revenue from precious metals assets was $571.5 million in 2016 compared with $405.5 million in
                2015. GEOs sold which were earned from precious metals assets increased by 30.2% to 457,474
                GEOs in 2016 from 351,283 GEOs in 2015. The largest increase came from our Latin American
                assets.
                GEOs and revenue increases for the year 2016 are attributable to the following:
                     ·The Company received 73,612 GEO deliveries from Antapaccay. This includes 948,000 silver
                      ounces delivered and sold by the Company. The asset was acquired in the first quarter of 2016.
                     ·The Company received 60,273 GEO deliveries from Antamina in the first full year since
                      acquiring the stream interest in Q4/2015, resulting in an increase of 47,252 GEOs compared to
                      2015.
                     ·Karma, a stream asset which started deliveries of 1,250 fixed gold ounces per month in March
                      2016, delivered 12,500 GEOs during the year, of which 11,250 GEOs were sold in 2016.
                     ·South Arturo, which commenced commercial production in August 2016, delivered 11,160
                      GEOs in 2016, compared to 171 GEOs in 2015.
                     ·The Company also benefited from an increase in revenue from Hemlo, which contributed a total
                      of 9,972 GEOs, an increase of 5,423 GEOs compared to 2015 deliveries, of which 3,180 are
                      from the NPI, reflecting higher gold prices and stronger production in the year 2016.
                The above increases were partly offset by the following:
                     ·Candelaria delivered 73,410 GEOs in 2016, a decrease of 15,446 compared to 2015. The
                      decrease compared to the prior year was due to 2015 being an exceptional strong year of
                      production for Candelaria. Of the 73,410 GEOs delivered in 2016, 71,378 GEOs were sold in
                      2016.
                     ·Deliveries from the Palmarejo agreement ended in July 2016 when Coeur reached the minimum
                      cap of 400,000 ounces. Deliveries from the Palmarejo operations under the new Guadalupe
                      agreement started in October 2016. Overall, Franco-Nevada received a combined 36,386 GEOs,
                      compared to 51,420 GEOs in 2015, a reduction of 15,034 GEOs.
                Other minerals generated 6,909 GEOs and $8.6 million in revenue.
                At December 31, 2016, there remains $2.7 million in inventory for 7,126 gold ounces which were
                delivered under our Candelaria, Sabodala, Karma, MWS and Klondex agreements that had not been
                sold at year-end.
                Oil & Gas assets generated revenue of $30.1 million in 2016 (97% oil and 3% gas), compared to
                 $28.0 million for 2015 (95% oil and 5% gas), an increase of 7.5%. The increase is due to lower
                production costs and slightly higher production, which was 0.3% higher than in 2015.


file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                    142/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                Revenue from the Weyburn Unit for the period increased to $23.6 million (2015 - $ 21.1 million)
                with $14.5 million earned from the NRI (2015 - $11.4 million), $7.8 million earned from the working
                interest (2015 - $8.2 million) and $1.3 million earned from the overriding royalties (2015 - $1.5
                million). Revenue from the Weyburn NRI was higher due to the lower production costs. Operating
                and capital expenditures decreased by

                                                                23




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                   143/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                18% and 31% in 2016, respectively. Actual realized price from the NRI was C$46.91/boe for the
                period, down 6% from the realized price of C$50.06/boe for 2015.

                Operating Costs and Expenses
                The following table provides a list of operating costs and expenses incurred for the year ended
                December 31, 2016 and 2015.
                                                                                            Year ended December 31,
                    (expressed in millions)                                                 2016       2015   Variance
                    Costs of sales                                                        $ 105.8 $ 93.1 $        12.7
                    Depletion and depreciation                                              273.8      216.3      57.5
                    Corporate administration                                                 20.7       15.1        5.6
                    Business development                                                      3.4        2.7        0.7
                    Impairment charges                                                       67.5       62.9        4.6
                    Gain on sale of royalty interest                                        (14.1)       —       (14.1)
                    (Gain) loss on sale of gold bullion                                      (2.3)       2.2      (4.5)
                                                                                          $ 454.8 $ 392.3 $       62.5

                Costs of Sales
                The following table provides a breakdown of cost of sales incurred for 2016 and 2015.
                                                                                           Year ended December 31,
                    (expressed in millions)                                               2016         2015    Variance
                    Cost of stream sales                                              $    95.6 $       80.1 $     15.5
                    Cost of prepaid ounces                                                  6.5          6.6       (0.1)
                    Production taxes                                                        0.5          2.6       (2.1)
                    Oil & Gas operating costs                                               3.2          3.8       (0.6)
                                                                                      $   105.8 $       93.1 $     12.7
                The increase of $12.7 million reflects the increase in the number of stream ounces sold in 2016
                compared to 2015. The Company was delivered 328,219 GEOs under its stream agreements in 2016.
                Of this, 321,093 GEOs were sold in 2016 compared to 222,670 GEOs in 2015. The year-over-year
                increase reflects deliveries under the Antamina and Antapaccay streams, which were acquired in
                October 2015 and February 2016, respectively, partly offset by a decrease from the Candelaria and
                Guadalupe streams which delivered fewer GEOs in 2016 compared to 2015. Oil & Gas operating
                costs were lower due to production and cost efficiencies implemented by the operators.

                                                Costs of Sales Reconciliation –2015 to 2016
                                                            (expressed in millions)


                                        P:\Finance\Financial Reporting-2016\Q4 2016\01 - Financials\01 -
                                       MD&A\Pictures\12_waterfall5_p26_COSTs of Sales Recon_YR'15-16.jpg




                Depletion and Depreciation
                Depletion and depreciation totaled $273.8 million for 2016 compared to $216.3 million in 2015. The
                increase of $57.5 million is largely due to the Antapaccay stream agreement, for which the Company

                                                                      24
file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                        144/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   145/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                recognized $44.3 million in depletion expense in 2016, and the Antamina acquisition for which
                depletion expense increased $30.3 million compared to 2015. Depletion expense also increased for
                the South Arturo and Karma mines, which commenced commercial production in 2016. These
                increases were partially offset by lower depletion on Candelaria and Guadalupe, where deliveries of
                GEOs were lower in 2016 than in 2015.

                                               Depletion Reconciliation – 2015 to 2016
                                                          (expressed in millions)

                                       P:\Finance\Financial Reporting-2016\Q4 2016\01 - Financials\01 -
                                      MD&A\Pictures\13_waterfall6_p27_DEPLETION Recon_YR'15-16.jpg




                Corporate Administration
                                                                                        Year ended December 31,
                    (expressed in millions)                                             2016        2015    Variance
                    Salaries and benefits                                           $     7.3 $       4.6 $      2.7
                    Professional fees                                                     1.3         0.6        0.7
                    Office costs                                                          0.8         0.8         —
                    Board of Directors costs                                              2.1         0.6        1.5
                    Share-based compensation                                              5.0         4.2        0.8
                    Other                                                                 4.2         4.3       (0.1)
                                                                                    $    20.7 $      15.1 $      5.6
                Corporate administration expenses increased to $20.7 million in 2016, from $15.1 million in 2015.
                The increase is primarily due to higher incentive compensation expense in 2016 than in 2015. Board
                of Directors costs also increased compared to 2015 as these include the mark-to-market of the value
                of deferred share units that are granted to directors of the Company. As the Company’s share price
                increased from December 31, 2015 to December 31, 2016, the Company recognized a higher
                deferred share unit liability.

                Business Development Expenses
                Business development expenses for 2016 were $3.4 million, compared to $2.7 million in the same
                period in 2015. Timing and amount of these costs typically vary based on the business development
                related activities and the timing of completing transactions.
                Impairment Charges
                Impairments of royalty, stream and working interests were $67.5 million for 2016, compared to
                $62.9 million in 2015. Impairment charges in 2016 related to the Cooke 4 underground mine, while
                2015 included charges related to the Weyburn and Midale oil interests, and the Red Lake (Phoenix)
                mineral asset.
                Gain on Disposal of Royalty Interest
                In October 2016, Kirkland Lake exercised its option to buy back 1% of an overlying 2.5% NSR for
                aggregate cash consideration of $30.3 million. The Company recognized a gain on disposal of $14.1
                million in the


file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                     146/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      25




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm        147/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31,
                2016.
                Gain or Loss on Sale of Gold Bullion
                The Company recognized a gain on the sale of gold bullion of $2.3 million in 2016, compared to a
                loss of $2.2 million in 2015. Gold bullion is physical ounces of gold received as settlement from
                certain of the Company’s royalty interests.
                Foreign Exchange and Other Income/Expenses
                The following table provides a breakdown of items included in foreign exchange income/losses and
                other expenses for the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015.
                                                                                         Year ended December 31,
                    (expressed in millions)                                               2016      2015 Variance
                    Foreign exchange loss                                              $ (0.6) $ (3.6) $       3.0
                    Mark-to-market gain (loss) on warrants                                  0.4      (0.5)     0.9
                    Other                                                                   0.5        —       0.5
                                                                                       $    0.3 $ (4.1) $      4.4
                Foreign exchange gains and losses include foreign exchange movements related to cash and cash
                equivalents and investments in debt securities, such as treasury bills and intercompany loans, held in
                a denomination that differs from the functional currency of the entity in which those balances are
                held. The parent company’s functional currency is the Canadian dollar, while the functional currency
                of certain of the Company’s subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. Under IFRS, all foreign exchange changes
                related to monetary assets denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are recorded
                in net income as opposed to other comprehensive income.
                Gain on Investments
                Gain on investments in 2016 include a gain on sale of available-for-sale securities of $5.7 million
                (2015 – $0.9), and $6.7 million of gain realized on the share exchange of one of the Company’s
                available-for-sale securities. Under IFRS, share exchanges are considered a disposal at fair market
                value. Any unrealized gain or loss is deducted from comprehensive income (loss) and recognized in
                the statement of income (loss).
                Finance Income and Finance Expenses
                The following table provides a breakdown of finance income and expenses recognized in 2016 and
                2015:
                                                                                           Year ended December 31,
                    (expressed in millions)                                                 2016    2015 Variance
                    Finance Income
                       Interest                                                            $ 3.5    $ 5.3    $   (1.8)
                                                                                           $ 3.5    $ 5.3    $   (1.8)
                    Finance Expenses
                       Standby Charges                                                     $ 2.2    $ 1.5    $    0.7
                       Interest                                                              0.8      0.8         —
                       Amortization                                                          0.6      0.6         —
                                                                                           $ 3.6    $ 2.9    $    0.7

                Finance income includes interest earned on our cash equivalents and/or short-term investments, as
                well as interest accrued on the Noront loan receivable. Interest on the Noront loan for 2016 was $1.7
                million (2015 - $1.2 million).

                Finance expenses increased due to higher standby charges, as a result of the increase in the amount
                available under the Company’s credit facility, which was increased from $500 million to $1 billion in
                2015. Interest expense incurred during the year was in relation to the amount the Company drew
                down in Q4/2015 of $460.0 million, which was repaid in March 2016. In addition to the $0.8 million
                interest expensed, $0.7 million was capitalized to the Cobre Panama stream.

                                                                  26
file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                      148/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   149/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                Income Taxes
                Franco-Nevada had an income tax expense of $45.7 million (2015 – $23.9 million) for the year ended
                December 31, 2016 comprised of a current income tax expense of $40.9 million (2015 - $26.1
                million) and a deferred income tax expense of $4.8 million (2015 – recovery of $2.2 million). The
                income tax expense as a percentage of net income before tax for 2016 decreased year-over-year as a
                result of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in unrealized losses on marketable securities,
                and other one-time adjustments.
                Net Income
                Net income in 2016 was $122.2 million, or $0.70 per share, compared to $24.6 million, or $0.16 per
                share, in 2015. Adjusted Net Income was $164.4 million, or $0.94 per share, compared to $88.9
                million, or $0.57 per share, for 2015. The increase in net income and Adjusted Net Income was
                driven primarily by higher revenue due to asset acquisitions completed in Q4/2015 and Q1/2016,
                which was partly offset by a corresponding increase in cost of sales and depletion expense.

                                                                  27




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                        150/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                SUMMARY OF QUARTERLY INFORMATION
                Selected quarterly financial and statistical information for the previous eight quarters1 is set out
                below:
                (in millions, except per
                share                                  Q4             Q3           Q2              Q1            Q4            Q3           Q2           Q1
                  and ounce amounts)                  2016           2016         2016            2016          2015          2015         2015         2015
                Revenue                             $ 155.3        $ 172.0      $ 150.9         $ 132.0       $ 121.3       $ 103.7      $ 109.4      $ 109.2
                                     2, 3
                Costs and expenses                      62.0          104.5        100.5            94.9         157.6         77.6         78.6         78.8
                                              3
                Operating income (loss)                  0.4           67.5         50.4            37.1         (36.3)        26.1         30.8         30.4
                                                3
                Other income (expenses)                  8.4             —           3.2             1.0            —           (2.4)        2.1          (2.2)
                Income tax expense
                (recovery)                                13.4          12.9        11.3               8.1          (4.9)        8.5         11.3          9.0
                Net income (loss)                         (4.5)         54.4        42.3              30.0         (31.4)       15.2         21.6         19.2
                Basic earnings (loss) per
                share                               $    (0.03)    $    0.31    $   0.24        $     0.18    $    (0.20)   $   0.10     $   0.14     $   0.12
                Diluted earnings (loss)
                per share                           $    (0.03)    $    0.30    $   0.24        $     0.18    $    (0.20)   $   0.10     $   0.14     $   0.12
                Net cash provided by
                operating actvities3                $   121.9      $   121.6    $ 103.5         $   124.0     $     84.9    $   73.0     $   72.8     $   83.6
                Net cash used in investing
                activities3                             (113.3)        (41.5)       (28.1)          (506.9)       (987.7)       (44.6)       (38.5)       (35.3)
                Net cash provided by
                (used in) financing
                activities                             (30.5)         (29.4)       (23.8)          405.4          445.2       (23.2)       (24.3)       (23.6)
                Average Gold Price4                 $  1,218       $  1,335     $ 1,259         $  1,181      $   1,104     $ 1,124      $ 1,193      $ 1,219
                GEOs5                                121,910        123,065      112,787         106,621        106,312      85,637       83,040       85,081
                Adjusted EBITDA3,6                  $ 122.2        $ 142.2      $ 120.3         $ 104.4       $    94.2     $ 77.5       $ 82.1       $ 83.3
                Adjusted EBITDA3,6 per
                share                               $     0.69     $    0.80   $    0.68   $          0.63   $      0.60   $    0.49   $     0.52   $     0.53
                        3,6
                Margin                                    78.7 %        82.7 %      79.7 %            79.1 %        77.7 %      74.7 %       75.1 %       76.3 %
                                          3,6
                Adjusted Net Income                 $     42.9     $    53.5   $    40.0   $          28.0   $      23.7   $    19.4   $     22.9   $     22.9
                                          3,6
                Adjusted Net Income
                per share                           $     0.24     $    0.30    $   0.22        $     0.17    $     0.15    $   0.12     $   0.15     $   0.15




                1   Sum of the quarters may not add up to yearly total due to rounding.
                2 Includes impairment charges on royalty, stream and working interests.
                3 In Q3/2016, the Company adopted a retrospective change in accounting policy with respect to its classification of proceeds from sales of
                  gold bullion in its statement of cash flows and statement of income and comprehensive income (loss). For further information, refer to
                  Note 2(b) of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2016. The Company’s non‑IFRS measures, as defined
                  in pages 37-40 of this MD&A, were also adjusted accordingly to reflect gains/losses on sales of such gold bullion as an operating activity
                  that is part of the Company’s underlying operating business. Comparative information presented above has been adjusted to conform to
                  current presentation.
                4      Based on LBMA Gold Price PM Fix.
                5 GEOs include our gold, silver, platinum, palladium and other mineral assets, and do not include Oil & Gas assets. GEOs are estimated on
                  a gross basis for NSR royalties and, in the case of stream ounces, before the payment of the per ounce contractual price paid by the
                  Company. For NPI royalties, GEOs are calculated taking into account the NPI economics. Silver, platinum, palladium and other minerals
                  are converted to GEOs by dividing associated revenue, which includes settlement adjustments, by the relevant gold price. The gold price
                  used in the computation of GEOs earned from a particular asset varies depending on the royalty or stream agreement, which may make
                  reference to the market price realized by the operator, or the average for the month, quarter, or year in which the mineral was produced or
                  sold. For illustrative purposes, please refer to average commodity price tables on pages 13 and 21 of this MD&A for indicative prices
                  which may be used in the calculation of GEOs.
                6 Adjusted EBITDA, Margin and Adjusted Net Income are non-IFRS measures with no standardized meaning under IFRS. For further
                  information and a detailed reconciliation, please refer to pages 37-40 of this MD&A.


                                                                                           28




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                                151/241
10/10/2026, 21:11



                BALANCE SHEET REVIEW
                Summary Balance Sheet and Key Financial Metrics
                    (expressed in millions, except debt to equity ratio)        December 31, 2016 December 31, 2015
                    Total cash and cash equivalents                             $          253.0 $           149.2
                    Current assets                                                         361.2             274.7
                    Non-current assets                                                   3,860.4           3,399.6
                    Total assets                                                $        4,221.6 $         3,674.3
                    Current liabilities                                                      37.6              20.8
                    Non-current liabilities                                                  37.5            490.5
                    Total liabilities                                           $            75.1 $          511.3
                    Total shareholders’ equity                                  $        4,146.5 $         3,163.0

                    Dividends declared (including DRIP)                         $            156.8 $             129.0
                    Debt                                                        $              — $               457.3
                    Total common shares outstanding                                          178.5               156.9
                    Key Financial Ratios
                       Working Capital                                          $            323.6 $             253.9
                       Debt to equity                                                          —                0.14:1

                Assets
                Total assets were $4,221.6 million at December 31, 2016 compared to $3,674.3 million at December
                31, 2015. Our asset base is primarily comprised of non-current assets such as our royalty, stream and
                working interests, and current assets of cash and cash equivalents. This reflects our business strategy
                of growing a diversified portfolio and ensuring cash is available for future acquisitions and dividends.
                The increase of $547.3 million in total assets as at December 31, 2016 compared to December 31,
                2015 reflects the equity financing which completed in Q1/2016, which was used to fund the additions
                of the Antapaccay stream and STACK royalty agreements of $500.0 million and $100.0 million,
                respectively, as well as to fund the Company’s capital contribution of $124.3 million towards the
                Cobre Panama project. These capital expenditures were partly offset by the depletion of royalty,
                stream and working interests.

                Liabilities
                Total liabilities at December 31, 2016 were $75.1 million including current and deferred income tax
                liabilities, a decrease of $436.2 million compared to December 31, 2015, reflecting the repayment of
                amounts the Company had borrowed under its credit facility in 2015 using proceeds from the equity
                financing completed in Q1/2016.

                Shareholders’ Equity
                Shareholders’ equity increased by $983.5 million as at December 31, 2016 compared to
                December 31, 2015 reflecting an equity offering completed in February 2016 for gross proceeds of
                $920.1 million, and net income of $122.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. The
                increase in shareholders’ equity was partly offset by declared dividends of $156.8 million, of which
                $38.7 million were settled through the issuance of common shares pursuant to the Company’s DRIP.


                                                                           29




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                        152/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
                Cash flow generated for the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 was as follows:
                                                                                                     For the three
                                                                                                    months ended                For the year ended
                                                                                                    December 31,                  December 31,
                    (expressed in millions)                                                          2016        2015             2016         2015
                      Cash provided by operating activities1                                     $ 121.9 $ 84.9                $ 471.0 $ 314.3
                      Cash used in investing activities1                                           (113.3)     (987.7)          (689.8)    (1,106.1)
                      Cash provided by (used in) financing activities                               (30.5)      445.2            321.7        374.1
                      Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash
                      equivalents                                                                   (2.7)            1.4           0.9          (25.6)
                    Change in cash and cash equivalents                                          $ (24.6)       $ (456.2)      $ 103.8       $ (443.3)
                      1. In Q3/2016, the Company adopted a retrospective change in accounting policy with respect to its classification of proceeds from
                         sales of gold bullion in its statement of cash flows. Comparative information, including information presented in Quarterly
                         Financial Information on page 28 of this MD&A, has been adjusted to conform to current presentation. For further information,
                         refer to Note 2(b) of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2016.


                Operating Cash Flow
                Cash generated by operating activities was $121.9 million and $84.9 million for Q4/2016 and
                Q4/2015, respectively. Cash generated by operating activities was $471.0 million and $314.3 million
                for the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increases are primarily attributable
                to higher revenues generated since the Antamina and Antapaccay stream acquisitions.
                In Q3/2016, the Company adopted a retrospective change in accounting policy with respect to its
                classification of proceeds from sales of gold bullion in its statement of cash flows. Pursuant to certain
                of its royalty agreements, the Company receives gold bullion as settlement for amounts which it is
                due. In prior periods, management had classified proceeds from the sale of such gold bullion as an
                investing activity based on its intention with respect to the holding period of the gold bullion. As the
                magnitude and frequency of trading increased over time, management determined the acquisition and
                subsequent sale of the gold bullion to be an operating activity. As a result, the Company has
                reclassified the cash proceeds from the sale of such gold bullion, and any related gain or loss arising
                during the holding period, to be a component of operating income and operating cash flows.
                Comparative information, including information presented in the “Quarterly Financial
                Information” section on page 28 of this MD&A, has been adjusted to conform to current
                presentation. For further information, refer to Note 2(b) of the consolidated financial statements for
                the year ended December 31, 2016.
                Investing Activities
                Cash used in investing activities was $113.3 million for Q4/2016 compared to $987.7 million in
                Q4/2015. Investing activities in Q4/2016 primarily relate to the acquisition of the STACK royalties,
                and also included the funding of the Cobre Panama stream of $46.6 million. At December 31, 2016,
                the Company has funded $124.3 million in 2016, for a total of $462.2 million of its total $1 billion
                commitment to the construction of Cobre Panama. These capital expenditures were partly offset by
                proceeds from Kirkland Lake’s exercise of its royalty buy-back option.
                Cash used in investing activities was $689.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared
                to $1,106.1 million in 2015. In addition to the above noted capital expenditures, 2016 capital
                expenditures also included the Antapaccay acquisition of $500.0 million in February 2016. Funding
                for the Cobre Panama project totaled $124.3 million in 2016.

                Financing Activities
                Net cash used in financing activities was $30.5 million for Q4/2016 reflecting payments of cash
                dividends in Q4/2016. This compares to net cash generated by financing activities of $445.2 million
                for Q4/2015, which included net drawdowns under the Company’s credit facility of $460.0 million,
                partly offset by the payment of dividends.

                                                                                    30
file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                        153/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   154/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                Net cash provided by financing activities was $321.7 million for 2016 compared to $374.1 million for
                2015. The net cash provided by financing activities in 2016 is attributable to the funds raised from the
                equity issuance of 19.2 million common shares resulting in $883.5 million net proceeds to the
                Company. The inflow from the equity offering was partially used to repay the $460.0 million drawn
                on the credit facility at December 31, 2015. Comparatively, financing cash inflow for 2015 was
                provided through the use of the Company’s credit facility of $480.0 million. The Company also paid
                $118.1 million in cash dividends in 2016, compared to $94.1 million in 2015.
                Capital Resources
                As at December 31, 2016, our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $253.0
                million (December 31, 2015 - $168.0 million). In addition, we held investments at December 31,
                2016 with a combined value of $147.4 million (December 31, 2015 - $94.8 million), of which $114.6
                million was held in publicly traded equity instruments (December 31, 2015 - $64.5 million).
                Further, an amount of $1.0 billion, or its Canadian dollar equivalent, is available under our unsecured
                credit facility. Advances under the facility bear interest depending upon the currency of the advance
                and the Company’s leverage ratio. As at March 22, 2017, the full amount of $1 billion is available as
                the Company has not drawn on the Credit Facility. U.S. and Canadian dollar advances would bear
                interest at a rate of 4.20% and 2.90%, respectively, with a maturity term of March 22, 2022. Funds
                can also be drawn using LIBOR 30-day rates plus 120 basis points.
                In addition, on March 20, 2017, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Franco-Nevada (Barbados)
                Corporation, entered into an unsecured revolving credit facility (the “FNBC Credit Facility”). The
                FNBC Credit Facility provides for the availability over a one-year period of up to $100.0 million in
                borrowings. The FNBC Credit Facility has a maturity date of March 20, 2018. The Company has the
                option of requesting, during a period of time surrounding each anniversary date, up to two additional
                one-year extensions of the maturity term.
                Advances under the FNBC Credit Facility can be drawn as base rate advances with interest payable
                monthly at the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (“CIBC”) base rate, plus 0.35% per annum; or
                as LIBOR loans for periods of 1, 2, 3 or 6 months with interest payable at a rate of LIBOR plus
                1.35% per annum.
                The Credit Facility is subject to a standby fee of 0.27% per annum.
                As at December 31, 2016, there were 6,510,280 warrants outstanding with an exercise price of
                C$75.00 per warrant and an expiry date of June 16, 2017. Should the entirety of these warrants be
                exercised prior to their expiry, the Company would receive proceeds of C$488.3 million. The
                Company’s share price on the Toronto Stock Exchange closed at C$80.28 on December 31, 2016, and
                at C$87.56 on March 21, 2017.
                Management’s objectives when managing capital are to:
                     (a)ensure the preservation and availability of capital not being used for long-term investments by
                        investing in low risk investments with high liquidity; and
                     (b)ensure that adequate levels of capital are maintained to meet the Company’s operating
                        requirements and other current liabilities.
                As at December 31, 2016, the majority of funds were held in cash deposits with several financial
                institutions. Franco-Nevada invests its excess funds in term deposits. Certain investments with terms
                to maturity upon acquisition of three months, or 92 days or less, and were classified as term deposits.
                Our performance is impacted by foreign currency fluctuations of the Canadian dollar and Australian
                dollar relative to the U.S. dollar. The largest exposure is with respect to the Canadian/U.S. dollar
                exchange rate as we hold a significant amount of our assets in Canada and report our results in U.S.
                dollars. The effect of volatility in these currencies against the U.S. dollar impacts our corporate
                administration, business development expenses and depletion on mineral and oil & gas interests
                incurred in our Canadian and Australian entities due to their respective functional currencies. During
                the year, the Canadian dollar traded in a range of $0.6854 to $0.7972, closing the year at $0.7448, and
                the Australian dollar traded between $0.6869 and $0.7803, closing the year at $0.7207.


file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                        155/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      31




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm        156/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                Our near-term cash requirements include funding of the acquisition of the U.S. oil & gas royalties in
                the Midland Basin, commitments under the Cobre Panama stream agreement, corporate
                administration costs, certain costs of operations, payment of dividends and income taxes directly
                related to the recognition of royalty and stream revenues. As a royalty/stream company, there are
                limited requirements for capital expenditures other than for the acquisition of additional
                royalties/streams and working interests’ capital commitments. Such acquisitions are entirely
                discretionary and will be consummated through the use of cash, as available, or through the issuance
                of common shares or other equity or debt securities or use of our credit facility. We believe that our
                current cash resources, our available credit facility and future cash flows will be sufficient to cover
                the cost of our commitments under the various stream agreements, administrative expenses, costs of
                operations and dividend payments for the foreseeable future.
                Purchase Commitments
                The following table summarizes Franco-Nevada’s commitments to pay for gold, silver and PGM
                pursuant to the associated precious metals agreements:
                                                                      Attributable Payable
                                                                                                                                   1,2
                                                                   Production to be Purchased         Per Ounce Cash Payment
                                                                                                                                          Term of       Date of
                                                                                                                                                   3
                Interest                                            Gold          Silver       PGM    Gold       Silver        PGM       Agreement     Contract
                                                                                           4                               5
                Antamina                                                  0%      22.5 %         0%     n/a           5%         n/a      40 years    7-Oct-15
                                                                                                                                                      10-Feb-
                Antapaccay                                               — %6       — %7         0%     20 %8     20 %9          n/a      40 years       16
                Candelaria                                               68 %10     68 %10       0 % $ 400    $ 4.00             n/a      40 years 6-Oct-14
                                                                                                                                                       2-Nov-
                Cobre Panama                                             — %11      — %12        0 % $ 406       $ 6.09          n/a      45 years       15
                                                                                                                                                      11-Aug-
                Karma                                              4.875 %13          0%         0%     20 %14     n/a           n/a      40 years       14
                Guadalupe                                             50 %            0%         0 % $ 800         n/a           n/a      40 years 2-Oct-14
                                                                                                                                                      12-Dec-
                Sabodala                                                  6 %15       0%         0%     20 %16     n/a           n/a      40 years       13
                                                                                                                                                       2-Mar-
                MWS                                                      25 %         0%         0 % $ 400         n/a           n/a      40 years 17    12
                                                                                                                                                       5-Nov-
                Cooke 4                                                   7%          0%         0 % $ 400         n/a           n/a      40 years       09
                                                                                                                                                       15-Jul-
                Sudbury18                                                50 %         0%        50 % $ 400         n/a         $ 400      40 years       08

                    1 Subject to an annual inflationary adjustment except for Antamina, Antapaccay, Karma, Guadalupe, and Sabodala.
                    2 Should the prevailing market price for gold be lower than this amount, the per ounce cash payment will be reduced to the prevailing
                        market price, with the exception of Palmarejo.

                    3       Subject to successive extensions.

                    4 Subject to a fixed payability of 90%. Percentage decreases to 15% after 86 million ounces of silver has been delivered under the
                        agreement.

                    5    Purchase price is 5% of the average silver price at the time of delivery.

                    6 Gold deliveries are referenced to copper in concentrate shipped with 300 ounces of gold delivered for each 1,000 tonnes of copper in
                        concentrate shipped, until 630,000 ounces of gold has been delivered. Thereafter, percentage is 30% of gold shipped.

                    7 Silver deliveries are referenced to copper in concentrate shipped with 4,700 ounces of silver delivered for each 1,000 tonnes of copper
                        in concentrate shipped, until 10.0 million ounces of silver has been delivered. Thereafter, percentage is 30% of silver shipped.

                    8 Purchase price is 20% of the spot price of gold until 750,000 ounces of gold have been delivered, thereafter the purchase price is 30%
                        of the spot price of gold.

                    9 Purchase price is 20% of the spot price of silver until 12.8 million ounces of silver have been delivered, thereafter the purchase price
                        is 30% of the spot price of silver.

                    10 Percentage decreases to 40% after 720,000 ounces of gold and 12.0 million ounces of silver have been delivered under the
                         agreement.

                    11 Gold deliveries are indexed to copper in concentrate produced from the project. 120 ounces of gold per every 1 million pounds of
                         copper produced until 808,000 ounces of gold delivered. Thereafter 81 ounces of gold per 1 million pounds of copper produced to
                         1,716,188 ounces of gold delivered, thereafter 63.4% of the gold in concentrate.

                    12 Silver deliveries are indexed to copper in concentrate produced from the project. 1,376 ounces of silver per every 1 million pounds
                         of copper produced until 9,842,000 ounces of silver delivered. Thereafter 1,776 ounces of silver per 1 million pounds of copper
                         produced to 29,731,000 ounces of silver delivered, thereafter 62.1% of the silver

file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                               157/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                    13 Gold deliveries are fixed at 15,000 ounces per annum until February 28, 2021. Thereafter, percentage is 4.875%.
                    14     Purchase price is 20% of the average gold price at the time of delivery.

                    15 Gold deliveries are fixed at 1,875 ounces per month until December 31, 2019. Thereafter, percentage is 6% of gold produced.
                    16     Purchase price is 20% of prevailing market price at the time of delivery.

                    17        Agreement is capped at 312,500 ounces of gold.

                    18 The Company is committed to purchase 50% of the precious metals contained in ore from the properties. Cash payment is based on
                         gold equivalent ounces.

                Cobre Panama Stream Agreement
                The Company has funding commitments under the Cobre Panama stream agreement as described in
                the Guidance section above.

                                                                                      32




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                     158/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
                The preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires the Company
                to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
                liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial
                statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Estimates
                and assumptions are continuously evaluated and are based on management’s best knowledge of the
                relevant facts and circumstances, having regard to previous experience. However, actual outcomes
                may differ from the amounts included in the consolidated financial statements.
                In particular, the areas which require management to make significant judgments, estimates and
                assumptions are the following:
                Reserves and Resources
                Royalty, stream and working interests comprise a large component of the Company’s assets and as
                such, the reserves and resources of the properties to which the interests relate have a significant effect
                on the Company’s financial statements. These estimates are applied in determining the depletion of
                and assessing the recoverability of the carrying value of royalty, stream and working interests. For
                mineral royalty and stream interests, the public disclosures of reserves and resources that are released
                by the operators of the interests involve assessments of geological and geophysical studies and
                economic data and the reliance on a number of assumptions, including commodity prices and
                production costs. For oil & gas interests, the estimated reserves in the annual reserve reports prepared
                by an independent petroleum consultant engaged by the Company reflect similar assessments of
                geological and geophysical studies and economic data and reliance on assumptions. These
                assumptions are, by their very nature, subject to interpretation and uncertainty.
                The estimates of reserves and resources may change based on additional knowledge gained
                subsequent to the initial assessment. Changes in the estimates of reserves and resources may
                materially affect the recorded amounts of depletion and the assessed recoverability of the carrying
                value of royalty, stream and working interests.
                Impairment of Royalty, Stream and Working Interests
                Assessment of impairment of royalty, stream, working interests and oil & gas well equipment
                requires the use of judgments, assumptions and estimates when assessing whether there are any
                indicators that could give rise to the requirement to conduct a formal impairment test on the
                Company’s royalty, stream and working interests, investments measured at cost and/or oil & gas
                equipment. The assessment of fair values requires the use of estimates and assumptions for
                recoverable production, long-term commodity prices, discount rates, reserve/resource conversion,
                foreign exchange rates, future capital expansion plans and the associated production implications. In
                addition, the Company may use other approaches in determining fair value which may include
                judgment and estimates related to (i) dollar value per ounce or pound of reserve/resource; (ii) cash-
                flow multiples; and (iii) market capitalization of comparable assets. Changes in any of the
                assumptions and estimates used in determining the fair value of the royalty, stream or working
                interests, investments measured at cost, or oil & gas well equipment could impact the impairment
                analysis.
                Asset Acquisition
                The assessment of whether an acquisition meets the definition of a business, or whether assets are
                acquired is an area of key judgment. If deemed to be a business combination, applying the acquisition
                method to business combinations requires each identifiable asset and liability to be measured at its
                acquisition-date fair value. The excess, if any, of the fair value of consideration over the fair value of
                the net identifiable assets acquired is recognized as goodwill. The determination of the acquisition-
                date fair values often requires management to make assumptions and estimates about future events.
                The assumptions and estimates with respect to determining the fair value of royalty, stream or
                working interests generally requires a high degree of judgment, and include estimates of mineral
                reserves and resources acquired, future metal prices, discount rates and reserve/resource conversion.
                Changes in any of the assumptions or estimates used in determining the fair value of acquired assets
                and liabilities could impact the amounts assigned to assets and liabilities.
file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                          159/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      33




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm        160/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                Income Taxes
                The interpretation and application of existing tax laws, regulations or rules in Canada, Barbados, the
                United States, Australia or any of the countries in which the mining operations are located or to
                which shipments of silver or gold are made requires the use of judgment. The likelihood that tax
                positions taken will be sustained upon examination by applicable tax authorities is assessed based on
                facts and circumstances of the relevant tax position considering all available evidence. Differing
                interpretation of these laws, regulations or rules could result in an increase in the Company’s taxes, or
                other governmental charges, duties or impositions.
                In assessing the probability of realizing deferred income tax assets, the Company makes estimates
                related to expectations of future taxable income and expected timing of reversals of existing
                temporary differences. Such estimates are based on forecasted cash flows from operations which
                require the use of estimates and assumptions such as long-term commodity prices and recoverable
                ounces. Therefore, the amount of deferred income tax assets recognized on the balance sheet could be
                reduced if the actual results differ significantly from forecast. The Company reassesses its deferred
                income tax assets at the end of each reporting period.
                Functional Currency
                The functional currency for each of the Company’s subsidiaries is the currency of the primary
                economic environment in which the entity operates. Determination of functional currency may
                involve certain judgments to determine the primary economic environment and the Company
                reconsiders the functional currency of its entities if there is a change in events and conditions which
                determined the primary economic environment.

                New Accounting Standards Issued But Not Yet Effective
                IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
                On July 24, 2014, the IASB published the final version IFRS 9 Financial Instruments which brings
                together the classification, measurement, impairment and hedge accounting phases of the IASB’s
                project to replace IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement. IFRS 9 includes a
                loss impairment model, amends the classification and measurement model for financial assets by
                adding a new fair value through comprehensive income category for certain debt instruments and
                provides additional guidance on how to apply the business model and contractual cash flow
                characteristics test. This final version of IFRS 9 supersedes all previous versions of IFRS 9 and is
                effective for periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018. Based ono its assessment to date, the
                Company is currently assessing the impact of IFRS 9 on the consolidated financial statements. Based
                on its assessment to date, the following summarizes the expected impact of IFRS 9 upon adoption:
                     ·The Company will have the option to designate equity securities as financial assets at fair value
                      through other comprehensive income, where they will be recorded initially at fair value with
                      changes in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income which will not be subsequently
                      transferred into earnings (loss). If the Company does not make this election, changes in fair
                      value of the equity securities will be recognized in earnings (loss).
                     ·The Company will be required to evaluate its financial assets for impairment based on an
                      expected credit loss model, rather than an incurred loss model currently being applied under IAS
                      39. The Company’s financial assets which are currently subject to credit risk include cash and
                      cash equivalents, short-term investments, receivables and loan receivables.
                     ·Under IAS 39, investments in equity instruments that do not have a quoted market price in an
                      active market and whose fair value cannot be reliably measured can currently be measured at
                      cost. This cost exemption is not included in IFRS 9. However, IFRS 9 contains guidance on
                      when cost may be the best estimate of fair value and also when it might not be representative of
                      fair value. The Company holds one equity investment at cost, with a carrying value of $3.8
                      million at December 31, 2016.
                     ·The reformed approach to hedge accounting is not expected to have a significant impact on the
                      Company.

file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                         161/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      34




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm        162/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
                In May 2014, the IASB issued IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new standard
                provides a comprehensive framework for recognition, measurement and disclosure of revenue from
                contracts with customers, excluding contracts within the scope of the standards on leases, insurance
                contracts and financial instruments. IFRS 15 becomes effective for annual periods beginning on or
                after January 1, 2018 and is to be applied retrospectively with early adoption permitted. The
                Company is in the process of assessing the impact of IFRS 15 on the consolidated financial
                statements. While the Company does not anticipate significant changes in the gross amounts of
                revenue recognized, the timing of when revenue is recognized may differ under the new standard if
                the timing of transfer of control to customers is different from the current “transfer of risk and
                rewards” model and/or if there are additional performance obligations identified under IFRS 15.
                IFRS 16 Leases
                In January 2016, the IASB issued IFRS 16 Leases, which requires lessees to recognize assets and
                liabilities for most leases. IFRS 16 becomes effective for annual periods beginning on or after
                January 1, 2019 and is to be applied retrospectively with early adoption permitted, provided IFRS 15
                has been applied or is applied at the same date as IFRS 16. The Company has not yet assessed the
                impact of adopting this new standard, but plans to commence an assessment of the requirements in
                2017.
                IAS 12 Income Taxes
                IAS 12 Income taxes provides guidance on the recognition of deferred tax assets. In January 2016 the
                IASB issued amendments to clarify the requirements for recognizing deferred tax assets on
                unrealized losses. The amendments clarify the accounting for deferred tax where an asset is measured
                at fair value and that fair value is below the asset’s tax base. They also clarify certain other aspects of
                accounting for deferred tax assets. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or
                after January 1, 2017. The Company will adopt the amendments to IAS 12 in its financial statements
                for the annual period beginning January 1, 2017. The adoption of the amendments does not have a
                material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

                OUTSTANDING SHARE DATA
                Franco-Nevada is authorized to issue an unlimited number of common and preferred shares. A
                detailed description of the rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions attached to each class of
                authorized shares is included in our Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31, 2016,
                a copy of which can be found on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and in our 40-F, a copy of which can be
                found on EDGAR at www.sec.gov.
                As of March 21, 2017, the number of common shares outstanding or issuable pursuant to other
                outstanding securities is as follows:
                    Common Shares                                                                                            Number
                    Outstanding                                                                                            178,483,895
                    Issuable upon exercise of Franco-Nevada warrants1                                                        6,508,524
                    Issuable upon exercise of Franco-Nevada options2                                                         1,304,328
                    Issuable upon exercise of special warrant3                                                               2,000,000
                    Issuable upon vesting of Franco-Nevada RSUs                                                                138,614
                    Diluted common shares                                                                                  188,435,361
                1 The warrants have an exercise price of C$75.00 per share and an expiry date of June 16, 2017.
                2 There were 1,304,328 stock options under our share compensation plan outstanding to directors, officers, employees and
                    others with exercise prices ranging from C$15.20 to C$75.45 per share.
                3 In connection with the transaction with Taseko Mines Limited, one special warrant was granted to Taseko which will be
                    exchangeable into 2,000,000 purchase share warrants once Taseko’s New Prosperity project gets fully permitted and
                    financed. Each purchase share warrant will entitle Taseko to purchase one Franco-Nevada common share at a price of
                    C$75.00 per share before June 16, 2017. New Prosperity’s most recent permit application was denied in 2014.

                Franco-Nevada has not issued any preferred shares.

                                                                             35

file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                        163/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   164/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING AND
                DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
                Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are responsible for establishing and
                maintaining Franco-Nevada’s internal control over financial reporting and other financial disclosure
                and our disclosure controls and procedures.
                Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
                regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
                purposes in accordance with IFRS. Franco-Nevada’s internal control over financial reporting
                includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
                reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of
                Franco-Nevada; (ii) are designed to provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
                necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS, and that receipts and
                expenditures of Franco-Nevada are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
                management and directors of Franco-Nevada; and (iii) are designed to provide reasonable assurance
                regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Franco-
                Nevada’s assets that could have a material effect on Franco-Nevada’s financial statements. Internal
                control over other financial disclosure is a process designed to ensure that other financial information
                included in this MD&A, fairly represents in all material respects the financial condition, results of
                operations and cash flows of Franco-Nevada for the periods presented in this MD&A.
                Franco-Nevada’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance
                that material information relating to Franco-Nevada, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
                known to management by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
                report is prepared and that information required to be disclosed by Franco-Nevada in its annual
                filings, interim filings or other reports filed or submitted by it under securities legislation is recorded,
                processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in securities legislation.
                Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting and other financial disclosure
                may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to
                future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
                conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may change.
                An evaluation was carried out under the supervision of the CEO and CFO and with the participation
                of management, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of Franco-Nevada’s internal control
                over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by this report based on the framework and
                criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) as issued by the Committee of
                Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, the CEO
                and CFO have concluded that Franco-Nevada’s internal control over financial reporting was effective
                as of December 31, 2016.

                An evaluation was also carried out under the supervision of the CEO and CFO and with the
                participation of management, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of Franco-Nevada’s
                disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under applicable Canadian securities laws and in Rule
                13a – 15(e) and Rule 15d – 15(e) under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934), and based on that
                evaluation the CEO and the CFO have concluded that as of December 31, 2016, Franco-Nevada’s
                disclosure controls and procedures were effective.

                For the year ended December 31, 2016, there has been no change in Franco-Nevada’s internal control
                over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
                Franco-Nevada’s internal control over financial reporting.

                Franco-Nevada’s report of management’s assessment regarding internal control over financial
                reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934)
                is included in the

                                                                     36

file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                            165/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   166/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting that accompanies Franco-
                Nevada’s Annual Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016.

                NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES
                Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA per share
                Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA per share are non-IFRS financial measures, which exclude
                the following from net income and earnings per share (“EPS”):
                     · Income tax expense/recovery;
                     ·   Finance expenses;
                     ·    Finance income;
                     · Depletion and depreciation;
                     · Non-cash costs of sales;
                     · Impairment charges related to royalty, stream and working interests;
                     · Impairment of investments;
                     · Gains/losses on sale of royalty, stream and working interests;
                     · Gains/losses on investments;
                     · Foreign exchange gains/losses and other income/expenses; and
                     · Unusual non-recurring items.
                Management uses Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA per share to evaluate the underlying
                operating performance of the Company as a whole for the reporting periods presented, to assist with
                the planning and forecasting of future operating results, and to supplement information in its financial
                statements. The Company also uses Margin, which is defined as Adjusted EBITDA divided by
                revenue, in its annual incentive compensation process to evaluate management’s performance in
                increasing revenue and containing costs. Management believes that in addition to measures prepared
                in accordance with IFRS such as Net Income and Earnings per Share, our investors and analysts use
                Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA per share to evaluate the results of the underlying business
                of the Company, particularly since the excluded items are typically not included in our guidance, with
                the exception of depletion and depreciation expense. While the adjustments to net income and EPS in
                these measures include items that are both recurring and non-recurring, management believes that
                Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA per share are useful measures of the Company’s
                performance because they adjust for items which may not relate to or have a disproportionate effect
                on the period in which they are recognized, impact the comparability of our core operating results
                from period to period, are not always reflective of the underlying operating performance of our
                business and/or are not necessarily indicative of future operating results. Adjusted EBITDA and
                Adjusted EBITDA per share are only intended to provide additional information to investors and
                analysts, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance
                prepared in accordance with IFRS. They do not have any standardized meaning under IFRS, and may
                not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.

                                                                    37




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                        167/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                Reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA:
                                                                                       Three months
                                                                                              ended             Year ended
                                                                                       December 31,          December 31,
                (expressed in millions, except per share amounts)                     2016     2015         2016      2015
                  Net Income (Loss)                                                 $ (4.5) $ (31.4)      $ 122.2 $ 24.6
                    Income tax expense (recovery)                                      13.4     (4.9)        45.7      23.9
                    Finance expenses                                                    0.8      1.4          3.6       2.9
                    Finance income                                                     (0.9)    (2.1)        (3.5)     (5.3)
                    Depletion and depreciation                                         67.2     65.8        273.8     216.3
                    Non-cash costs of sales                                             1.2      1.7          6.5       6.6
                    Impairment charges                                                 67.5     62.8         67.5      62.9
                    Impairment of investments                                            —       0.1           —        2.0
                    Gain on sale of royalty interest                                  (14.1)      —         (14.1)       —
                    Gain on investments                                                (7.9)      —         (12.4)     (0.9)
                    Foreign exchange (gains)/losses and other (income)/expenses        (0.5)     0.8         (0.2)      4.1
                  Adjusted EBITDA                                                   $ 122.2 $ 94.2        $ 489.1 $ 337.1
                    Basic Weighted Average Shares Outstanding                         178.3    156.8        175.2     156.9

                    Basic EPS                                                       $ (0.03)   $ (0.20)   $ 0.70     $ 0.16
                      Income tax expense (recovery)                                    0.08      (0.03)      0.26       0.15
                      Finance expenses                                                   —        0.01       0.02       0.02
                      Finance income                                                  (0.01)     (0.01)     (0.02)     (0.03)
                      Depletion and depreciation                                       0.38       0.42       1.55       1.38
                      Non-cash costs of sales                                          0.01       0.01       0.04       0.04
                      Impairment charges                                               0.38       0.40       0.39       0.40
                      Impairment of investments                                          —          —          —        0.01
                      Gain on sale of royalty interest                                (0.08)        —       (0.08)        —
                      Gain on investments                                             (0.04)        —       (0.07)        —
                      Foreign exchange (gains)/losses and other (income)/expenses        —          —          —        0.03
                    Adjusted EBITDA per share                                       $ 0.69     $ 0.60     $ 2.79     $ 2.16

                                                                      38




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                             168/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                Margin
                Margin is a non-IFRS financial measure which is defined by the Company as Adjusted EBITDA
                divided by revenue. The Company uses Margin in its annual incentive compensation process to
                evaluate management’s performance in increasing revenue and containing costs. Margin is intended
                to provide additional information, does not have any standardized definition under IFRS and should
                not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for a measure of performance in accordance with
                IFRS.
                Reconciliation of Net Income to Margin:
                                                                                 Three months
                                                                                        ended              Year ended
                                                                                 December 31,          December 31,
                    (expressed in millions, except Margin)                    2016       2015       2016         2015
                    Net Income (Loss)                                       $ (4.5)    $ (31.4)   $ 122.2         24.6
                       Income tax expense (recovery)                           13.4       (4.9)      45.7         23.9
                       Finance expenses                                         0.8        1.4        3.6          2.9
                       Finance income                                          (0.9)      (2.1)      (3.5)        (5.3)
                       Depletion and depreciation                              67.2       65.8      273.8        216.3
                       Non-cash costs of sales                                  1.2        1.7        6.5          6.6
                       Impairment charges                                      67.5       62.8       67.5         62.9
                       Impairment of investments                                 —         0.1         —           2.0
                       Gain on sale of royalty interest                      (14.1)         —       (14.1)          —
                       Gain on investments                                     (7.9)        —       (12.4)        (0.9)
                       Foreign exchange (gains)/losses and other
                       (income)/expenses                                       (0.5)     0.8      (0.2)      4.1
                    Adjusted EBITDA                                         $ 122.2   $ 94.2   $ 489.1   $ 337.1
                    Revenue                                                   155.3    121.3     610.2     443.6
                    Margin                                                     78.7 %   77.7 %    80.2 %    76.0 %


                Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income per share
                Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income per share are non-IFRS financial measures, which
                exclude the following from net income and EPS:
                      · Foreign exchange gains/losses and other income/expenses;
                      · Impairment charges related to royalty, stream and working interests;
                      · Impairment of investments;
                      · Gains/losses on sale of royalty, stream and working interests;
                      · Gains/losses on investments;
                      · Unusual non-recurring items; and
                      · Impact of income taxes on these items.
                Management uses Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income per share to evaluate the
                underlying operating performance of the Company as a whole for the reporting periods presented, to
                assist with the planning and forecasting of future operating results, and to supplement information in
                its financial statements. Management believes that in addition to measures prepared in accordance
                with IFRS such as Net Income and Earnings per Share, our investors and analysts use Adjusted Net
                Income and Adjusted Net Income per share to evaluate the results of the underlying business of the
                Company, particularly since the excluded items are typically not included in our guidance. While the
                adjustments to net income and EPS in these measures include items that are both recurring and non-
                recurring, management believes that Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income per share are
                useful measures of the Company’s performance because they adjust for items which may not relate to
                or have a disproportionate effect on the period in which they are recognized, impact the
                comparability of our core operating results from period to period, are not always reflective of the
                underlying operating performance of our business and/or are not necessarily indicative of future
                operating results. Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income per share are intended to provide
file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                       169/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                additional information to investors and analysts and should not be considered in isolation or as a
                substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with IFRS. They do not

                                                                  39




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                  170/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                have any standardized meaning under IFRS, and may not be comparable to similar measures
                presented by other issuers.
                Reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted Net Income:
                                                                                      Three months
                                                                                          ended               Year ended
                                                                                      December 31,           December 31,
                    (expressed in millions, except per share amounts)                 2016     2015          2016    2015
                    Net Income (Loss)                                                $ (4.5) $ (31.4)      $ 122.2 $ 24.6
                       Foreign exchange (gains)/losses and other (income)/expenses     (0.5)      0.8         (0.2)     4.0
                       Impairment charges                                              67.5      62.8         67.5     62.9
                       Impairment of investments                                         —        0.1           —       2.0
                       Gain on sale of royalty interest                               (14.1)       —         (14.1)      —
                       Gain on investments                                             (7.9)       —         (12.4)    (0.9)
                       Tax effect of adjustments                                        4.3     (11.9)         4.7     (9.6)
                       Other tax related adjustments:
                        Indexation adjustment                                            —          —          0.1      (0.4)
                        Valuation allowance                                            (2.5)        —         (4.4)      0.9
                        Impact of change in depreciation rate                            —         4.0          —        4.0
                        Impact of tax increases                                         0.6       (0.7)        1.0       1.4
                    Adjusted Net Income                                              $ 42.9     $ 23.7     $ 164.4    $ 88.9
                    Basic Weighted Average Shares Outstanding                         178.3      156.8       175.2     156.9

                    Basic EPS                                                        $ (0.03)   $ (0.20)   $ 0.70     $ 0.16
                      Foreign exchange (gains)/losses and other (income)/expenses         —        0.01        —        0.03
                      Impairment charges                                                0.38       0.40      0.38       0.40
                      Impairment of investments                                           —          —         —        0.01
                      Gain on sale of royalty interest                                 (0.08)        —      (0.08)        —
                      Gain on investments                                              (0.04)        —      (0.07)     (0.01)
                      Tax effect of adjustments                                         0.02      (0.08)     0.03      (0.07)
                      Other tax related adjustments:
                        Indexation adjustment                                            —          —          —          —
                        Valuation allowance                                           (0.01)        —       (0.03)      0.01
                        Impact of change in depreciation rate                            —        0.03         —        0.03
                        Impact of tax increases                                          —       (0.01)      0.01       0.01
                    Adjusted Net Income per share                                    $ 0.24     $ 0.15     $ 0.94     $ 0.57



                                                                       40




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                             171/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                CAUTIONARY STATEMENT ON FORWARD-LOOKING
                INFORMATION
                This MD&A contains “forward-looking information” and “forward-looking statements” within the
                meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws and the United States Private Securities Litigation
                Reform Act of 1995, respectively, which may include, but are not limited to, statements with respect
                to future events or future performance, management’s expectations regarding Franco-Nevada’s
                growth, results of operations, estimated future revenues, carrying value of assets, future dividends
                and requirements for additional capital, mineral reserve and mineral resource estimates, production
                estimates, production costs and revenue, future demand for and prices of commodities, expected
                mining sequences, business prospects and opportunities. In addition, statements (including data in
                tables) relating to reserves and resources and gold equivalent ounces are forward-looking statements,
                as they involve implied assessment, based on certain estimates and assumptions, and no assurance
                can be given that the estimates and assumptions are accurate and that such reserves and resources and
                GEOs will be realized. Such forward-looking statements reflect management’s current beliefs and are
                based on information currently available to management. Often, but not always, forward-looking
                statements can be identified by the use of words such as “plans”, “expects”, “is expected”, “budgets”,
                “scheduled”, “estimates”, “forecasts”, “predicts”, “projects”, “intends”, “targets”, “aims”,
                “anticipates” or “believes” or variations (including negative variations) of such words and phrases or
                may be identified by statements to the effect that certain actions “may”, “could”, “should”, “would”,
                “might” or “will” be taken, occur or be achieved. Forward-looking statements involve known and
                unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the actual results, performance or
                achievements of Franco-Nevada to be materially different from any future results, performance or
                achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. A number of factors could
                cause actual events or results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements, including,
                without limitation: fluctuations in the prices of the primary commodities that drive royalty and stream
                revenue (gold, platinum group metals, copper, nickel, uranium, silver, iron-ore and oil & gas);
                fluctuations in the value of the Canadian, Australian dollar and Mexican Peso and any other currency
                in which revenue is generated, relative to the U.S. dollar; changes in national and local government
                legislation, including permitting and licensing regimes and taxation policies and the enforcement
                thereof; regulatory, political or economic developments in any of the countries where properties in
                which Franco-Nevada holds a royalty, stream or other interest are located or through which they are
                held; risks related to the operators of the properties in which Franco-Nevada holds a royalty, stream
                or other interest, including changes in the ownership and control of such operators; influence of
                macroeconomic developments; business opportunities that become available to, or are pursued by
                Franco-Nevada; reduced access to debt and equity capital; litigation; title, permit or license disputes
                related to interests on any of the properties in which Franco-Nevada holds a royalty, stream or other
                interest; whether or not the Company is determined to have “passive foreign investment company”
                (“PFIC”) status as defined in Section 1297 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
                amended; potential changes in Canadian tax treatment of offshore streams; excessive cost escalation
                as well as development, permitting, infrastructure, operating or technical difficulties on any of the
                properties in which Franco-Nevada holds a royalty, stream or other interest; actual mineral content
                may differ from the reserves and resources contained in technical reports; rate and timing of
                production differences from resource estimates, other technical reports and mine plans; risks and
                hazards associated with the business of development and mining on any of the properties in which
                Franco-Nevada holds a royalty, stream or other interest, including, but not limited to unusual or
                unexpected geological and metallurgical conditions, slope failures or cave-ins, flooding and other
                natural disasters, terrorism, civil unrest or an outbreak of contagious diseases; and the integration of
                acquired assets. The forward-looking statements contained in this MD&A are based upon
                assumptions management believes to be reasonable, including, without limitation: the ongoing
                operation of the properties in which Franco-Nevada holds a royalty, stream or other interest by the
                owners or operators of such properties in a manner consistent with past practice; the accuracy of
                public statements and disclosures made by the owners or operators of such underlying properties; no
                material adverse change in the market price of the commodities that underlie the asset portfolio; the
                Company’s ongoing income and assets relating to determination of its PFIC status; no material
                changes to existing tax treatment; no adverse development in respect of any significant property in

file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                        172/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                which Franco-Nevada holds a royalty, stream or other interest; the accuracy of publicly disclosed
                expectations for the development of underlying properties that are not yet in production; integration
                of acquired assets; and the absence of any other factors that could cause actions, events or results to
                differ from those anticipated, estimated or intended. However, there can be no assurance that
                forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could

                                                                  41




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                       173/241
10/10/2026, 21:11

                differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Investors are cautioned that forward-
                looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Franco-Nevada cannot assure investors
                that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements. Accordingly, investors
                should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements due to the inherent uncertainty
                therein. For additional information with respect to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, please refer
                to Franco-Nevada’s most recent Annual Information Form filed with the Canadian securities
                regulatory authorities on www.sedar.com and Franco-Nevada’s most recent Annual Report filed on
                Form 40-F filed with the SEC on www.sec.gov. The forward-looking statements herein are made as
                of the date of this MD&A only and Franco-Nevada does not assume any obligation to update or
                revise them to reflect new information, estimates or opinions, future events or results or otherwise,
                except as required by applicable law.

                                                                 42




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                      174/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                                                                                                                  Exhibit 99.3

                      MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

                               Franco-Nevada’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
                     internal control over financial reporting, as defined in rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the United
                     States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

                              Franco-Nevada’s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control
                     over financial reporting as at December 31, 2016. Franco-Nevada’s management conducted an
                     evaluation of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in
                     Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
                     of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on Franco-Nevada’s management’s assessment, Franco-
                     Nevada’s internal control over financial reporting is effective as at December 31, 2016.

                             The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as at December
                     31, 2016 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Auditors, as stated in their
                     report which is located on pages 42 and 43 of Franco-Nevada’s Annual Report.



                          /s/ David Harquail                                 /s/ Sandip Rana
                          David Harquail                                     Sandip Rana
                          Chief Executive officer                            Chief Financial officer


                           March 22, 2017


                                                                         1




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                              175/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

                     March 22, 2017

                     To the Shareholders of Franco-Nevada Corporation
                     We have completed integrated audits of Franco-Nevada Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’
                     December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consolidated financial statements and their internal control
                     over financial reporting as at December 31, 2016. Our opinions, based on our audits are presented
                     below.
                     Report on the consolidated financial statements
                     We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Franco-Nevada Corporation
                     and its subsidiaries, which comprise the consolidated statements of financial position as at December
                     31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income
                     (loss), the consolidated statements of cash flows, the consolidated statements of changes in
                     shareholders’ equity for the years then ended, and the related notes, which comprise a summary of
                     significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
                     Management’s responsibility for the consolidated financial statements
                     Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial
                     statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the
                     International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and for such internal control as management
                     determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
                     material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
                     Auditor’s responsibility
                     Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
                     audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards and
                     the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
                     require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
                     consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement. Canadian generally accepted
                     auditing standards also require that we comply with ethical requirements.
                     An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence, on a test basis, about the amounts
                     and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the
                     auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated
                     financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor
                     considers internal control relevant to the company’s preparation and fair presentation of the
                     consolidated financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
                     circumstances.
                     An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting principles and policies used and the
                     reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
                     presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
                     We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained in our audits is sufficient and appropriate to
                     provide a basis for our audit opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
                     Opinion
                     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
                     position of Franco-Nevada Corporation and its subsidiaries as at December 31, 2016 and
                     December 31, 2015 and their financial performance and their cash flows for the years then ended in
                     accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB.
                     Emphasis of matter
                     As discussed in Note 2(b) to the consolidated financial statements, during the year, the company
                     changed the manner in which it presents cash flows and gains (losses) from the sale of gold bullion in
                     2016.


                                                                           2




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                  176/241
10/10/2026, 21:11



                     Report on internal control over financial reporting
                     We have also audited Franco-Nevada Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ internal control over financial
                     reporting as at December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated
                     Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
                     Commission (COSO).
                     Management’s responsibility for internal control over financial reporting
                     Management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
                     assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the
                     accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
                     Auditor’s responsibility
                     Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over financial reporting
                     based on our audit. We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance
                     with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
                     standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
                     effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
                     An audit of internal control over financial reporting includes obtaining an understanding of internal
                     control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and
                     evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, based on the assessed risk, and
                     performing such other procedures as we consider necessary in the circumstances.
                     We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our audit opinion on the company’s internal
                     control over financial reporting.
                     Definition of internal control over financial reporting
                     A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
                     assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
                     external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal
                     control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the
                     maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
                     dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
                     recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
                     accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only
                     in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide
                     reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
                     disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
                     Inherent limitations
                     Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
                     misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the
                     risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of
                     compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
                     Opinion
                     In our opinion, Franco-Nevada Corporation and its subsidiaries maintained, in all material respects,
                     effective internal control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2016, based on criteria established
                     in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

                     /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
                     Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants

                     Toronto, Ontario


                                                                         3




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                               177/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                     (in millions of U.S. dollars)

                                                                                  December 31, 2016      December 31, 2015

                     ASSETS
                     Cash and cash equivalents (Note 5)                           $             253.0    $              149.2
                     Short-term investments (Note 6)                                              —                      18.8
                     Receivables                                                                 71.1                    65.1
                     Prepaid expenses and other (Note 7)                                         37.1                    41.6
                        Current assets                                                          361.2                   274.7

                     Royalty, stream and working interests, net (Note 8)                      3,668.3               3,257.5
                     Investments (Note 6)                                                       147.4                  94.8
                     Deferred income tax assets (Note 17)                                        21.3                  16.1
                     Other assets (Note 9)                                                       23.4                  31.2
                        Total assets                                              $           4,221.6    $          3,674.3

                     LIABILITIES
                     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (Note 10)           $              21.0    $               18.0
                     Current income tax liabilities (Note 17)                                    16.6                     2.8
                       Current liabilities                                                       37.6                    20.8

                     Debt (Note 13)                                                               —                     457.3
                     Deferred income tax liabilities (Note 17)                                   37.5                    33.2
                       Total liabilities                                                         75.1                   511.3

                     SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (Note 18)
                     Common shares                                                            4,666.2               3,709.0
                     Contributed surplus                                                         41.6                  44.3
                     Deficit                                                                   (336.8)               (302.2)
                     Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                      (224.5)               (288.1)
                       Total shareholders’ equity                                             4,146.5               3,163.0

                        Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                $           4,221.6    $          3,674.3

                     Commitments (Note 20)
                     Subsequent events (Notes 13 & 22)

                              The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

                     Approved by the Board of Directors and authorized for issue on March 22, 2017.



                      /s/ Pierre Lassonde                              /s/ Randall Oliphant
                      Pierre Lassonde                                  Randall Oliphant
                      Director                                         Director




                                                                           4




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                             178/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                      (LOSS)
                     (in millions of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts)

                                                                                                           2016         2015

                     Revenue (Note 14)                                                                  $ 610.2     $ 443.6

                     Cost of sales
                        Costs of sales (Note 15)                                                          105.8          93.1
                        Depletion and depreciation (Note 8)                                               273.8         216.3
                     Total cost of sales                                                                  379.6         309.4

                      Gross profit                                                                        230.6         134.2

                     Other operating expenses (income)
                        Corporate administration (Notes 16 & 18)                                            20.7         15.1
                        Business development (Note 16)                                                       3.4          2.7
                        Impairment charges (Note 8(b))                                                      67.5         62.9
                        Gain on sale of royalty interest (Note 8(c))                                       (14.1)         —
                        (Gain) loss on sale of gold bullion (Note 2(b))                                     (2.3)         2.2
                     Total other operating expenses (income)                                                75.2         82.9

                      Operating income                                                                    155.4          51.3

                        Foreign exchange gain (loss) and other income (expenses) (Notes 2(b) & 6)           0.2          (4.1)
                        Realized gain on investments                                                       12.4           0.9
                        Impairment of investments                                                           —            (2.0)
                     Income before finance items and income taxes                                         168.0          46.1

                     Finance items
                        Finance income                                                                      3.5           5.3
                        Finance expenses (Note 13)                                                         (3.6)         (2.9)
                     Net income before income taxes                                                       167.9          48.5

                     Income tax expense (Note 17)                                                          45.7          23.9

                     Net income                                                                         $ 122.2     $ 24.6

                     Other comprehensive income (loss):
                     Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss:

                        Unrealized gain (loss) in the market value of available-for-sale investments,
                        net of income tax expense of $5.3 (2015 - income tax recovery of $1.6) (Note
                        17)                                                                                52.9         (27.0)
                        Realized change in market value of available-for-sale investments, net of
                        income tax expense of $1.6 (2015 - income tax recovery of $nil) (Note 6)           (10.6)       1.1
                        Currency translation adjustment                                                     21.3     (163.4)
                        Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                   63.6     (189.3)

                     Total comprehensive income (loss)                                                  $ 185.8     $ (164.7)

                     Basic earnings per share (Note 19)                                                 $ 0.70      $ 0.16
                     Diluted earnings per share (Note 19)                                               $ 0.69      $ 0.16

                              The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                          5


file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                              179/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   180/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                     (in millions of U.S. dollars)

                                                                                                        2016            2015
                     Cash flows from operating activities
                     Net income                                                                    $   122.2     $       24.6
                     Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating
                     activities:
                        Depletion and depreciation                                                     273.8            216.3
                        Non-cash costs of sales                                                          6.5              6.6
                        Share-based payments                                                             5.0              4.5
                        Impairment charges (Note 8)                                                     67.5             62.9
                        Gain on sale of royalty interest                                               (14.1)              —
                        Unrealized foreign exchange loss                                                 0.5              3.7
                        Mark-to-market on warrants                                                      (0.4)             0.5
                        Gain on investments                                                            (12.4)            (0.9)
                        Impairment of investments                                                         —               2.0
                        Deferred income tax expense                                                      3.5             (2.2)
                        Other non-cash items                                                            (1.2)            (0.8)
                        Acquisition of gold bullion (Note 2(b))                                        (53.5)           (66.6)
                     Proceeds from sale of gold bullion (Note 2(b))                                     67.3             60.8
                     Operating cash flows before changes in non-cash working capital                   464.7            311.4
                        Changes in non-cash working capital:
                          (Increase) decrease in receivables                                            (6.0)             7.0
                          Increase in prepaid expenses and other                                        (4.5)            (3.8)
                          Increase (decrease) in current liabilities                                    16.8             (0.3)
                     Net cash provided by operating activities (Note 2(b))                             471.0            314.3

                     Cash flows from investing activities
                       Proceeds from sale of investments                                                 28.6            25.6
                       Proceeds from sale of royalty interest                                            30.3              —
                       Acquisition of investments                                                        (1.6)         (111.3)
                       Acquisition of royalty, stream and working interests                            (744.8)       (1,016.8)
                       Acquisition of oil & gas well equipment                                           (2.1)           (3.6)
                       Acquisition of property and equipment                                             (0.2)             —
                     Net cash used in investing activities (Note 2(b))                                 (689.8)       (1,106.1)

                     Cash flows from financing activities
                        Net proceeds from issuance of common shares                                   883.5               —
                        Proceeds from draw of Credit Facility                                            —             480.0
                        Repayment of Credit Facility                                                 (460.0)           (20.0)
                        Credit facility amendment costs                                                  —              (2.3)
                        Payment of dividends                                                         (118.1)           (94.1)
                        Proceeds from exercise of stock options                                        16.3             10.5
                     Net cash provided by financing activities                                        321.7            374.1
                     Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                       0.9            (25.6)
                     Net change in cash and cash equivalents                                          103.8           (443.3)
                     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                   149.2            592.5
                     Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                      $ 253.0       $     149.2

                     Supplemental cash flow information:
                     Cash paid for interest expense and loan standby fees                          $      3.0    $        3.0
                     Income taxes paid                                                             $     30.7    $       27.8

                              The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                        6




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                              181/241
10/10/2026, 21:11


                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
                     (in millions of U.S. dollars)

                                                                                         Accumulated
                                                                                             other
                                                          Share capital Contributed     comprehensive
                                                            (Note 14)    Surplus         income (loss)     Deficit    Total Equity
                     Balance at January 1, 2016           $    3,709.0 $       44.3     $       (288.1)   $ (302.2)   $ 3,163.0
                      Net income                                    —            —                   —       122.2           122.2
                      Other comprehensive income                    —            —                 63.6         —             63.6
                      Total comprehensive income                    —            —                   —          —            185.8
                      Equity offering                            893.9           —                   —          —            893.9
                      Exercise of stock options                   21.8         (5.5)                 —          —             16.3
                      Share-based payments                          —           5.6                  —          —              5.6
                      Vesting of restricted share units            2.8         (2.8)                 —          —               —
                      Dividend reinvestment plan                  38.7           —                   —          —             38.7
                      Dividends declared                            —            —                   —      (156.8)         (156.8)
                     Balance at December 31, 2016         $    4,666.2 $       41.6     $       (224.5)   $ (336.8)   $ 4,146.5

                     Balance at January 1, 2015           $    3,656.6   $      45.5    $        (98.8)   $ (197.8)   $    3,405.5
                      Net income                                    —             —                 —         24.6            24.6
                      Other comprehensive loss                      —             —             (189.3)         —           (189.3)
                      Total comprehensive loss                      —             —                 —           —           (164.7)
                      Exercise of stock options                   15.0          (4.5)               —           —             10.5
                      Share-based payments                          —            5.5                —           —              5.5
                      Vesting of restricted share units            2.2          (2.2)               —           —               —
                      Dividend reinvestment plan                  34.9            —                 —           —             34.9
                      Adjustment to finance costs                  0.3            —                 —           —              0.3
                      Dividends declared                            —             —                 —       (129.0)         (129.0)
                     Balance at December 31, 2015         $    3,709.0   $      44.3    $       (288.1)   $ (302.2)   $    3,163.0

                              The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                         7




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                   182/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)



                     Note 1 – Corporate Information
                     Franco-Nevada Corporation (“Franco-Nevada” or the “Company”) is incorporated under the Canada
                     Business Corporations Act. The Company is a gold-focused royalty and stream company with
                     additional interests in silver, platinum group metals, oil & gas and other resource assets. The majority
                     of revenues are generated from a diversified portfolio of properties in the United States, Canada,
                     Mexico, Peru, Chile and Africa. At December 31, 2016, the portfolio includes approximately 338 assets
                     covering properties at various stages from production to early stage exploration.
                     The Company’s shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange
                     and the Company is domiciled in Canada. The Company’s head and registered office is located at 199
                     Bay Street, Suite 2000, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

                     Note 2 – Significant accounting policies
                     (a)         Statement of compliance

                     These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial
                     Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”)
                     under the historical cost convention, except for cash and cash equivalents, available-for-sale
                     investments and derivatives which are measured at fair value. IFRS comprise IFRSs, International
                     Accounting Standards (“IAS”s) and interpretations issued by the IFRS Interpretations Committee
                     (“IFRIC”s) and the former Standing Interpretations Committee (“SIC”s). These consolidated financial
                     statements were authorized for issuance by the Board of Directors on March 22, 2017.
                     (b) Change in accounting policy for presentation of sales of gold bullion
                     The consolidated statementa of cash flows reflect the retrospective application of a voluntary change in
                     accounting policy adopted in the third quarter of 2016 to classify proceeds from the sale of gold bullion
                     as an operating activity, rather than an investing activity. IAS 7, “Statement of Cash Flows”, defines
                     operating activities as the principal revenue-producing activities of the entity and other activities that
                     are not investing or financing activities. The change in accounting policy was accounted for and
                     disclosed in accordance with IAS 8, “Accounting policies, changes in accounting estimates, and
                     errors”. For consistency, management has also classified any gains or losses that arise on the sale of
                     gold bullion within operating income in the consolidated statement of income and comprehensive
                     income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2016, with a reclassification from “Foreign exchange
                     gain (loss) and other income (expenses)” in the comparable year. Neither of these changes had an
                     impact on the consolidated statement of financial position for the current or prior year.
                     Pursuant to certain of its royalty agreements, the Company receives gold bullion as settlement for
                     amounts which it is due. In prior years, management had classified proceeds from the sale of such gold
                     bullion as an investing activity based on its intention with respect to the holding period of the gold
                     bullion. As the magnitude and frequency of trading increased over time, management determined the
                     acquisition and subsequent sale of the gold bullion to be an operating activity. As a result, the Company
                     has reclassified the cash proceeds from the sale of such gold bullion, and any related gain or loss arising
                     during the holding period, to be a component of operating income and operating cash flows.
                     Management believes this classification to be more useful to financial statement users and,
                     consequently, that this presentation results in reliable and more relevant information.


                                                                         8




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                183/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)


                       i) The following tables outline the effects of this accounting policy change on the consolidated
                          statements of income and comprehensive income (loss):
                                                                                                                                         2015
                                                                                           Previously                                 Current
                     Financial statement line item                                           Reported         Reclassification    Presentation
                      Operating income                                                     $     53.5                     (2.2)    $      51.3
                      Foreign exchange gain (loss) and other income
                      (expense)(1)                                                                    (6.3)                2.2            (4.1)
                     1. Excludes gain on sale of investments of $0.9 million, presented separately.

                       ii)The following table outlines the effects of this accounting policy change on the consolidated
                          statement of cash flows:
                                                                                                                                          2015
                                                                                            Previously                                 Current
                     Financial statement line item                                            Reported        Reclassification    Presentation
                      Net cash provided by operating activities                             $    253.5                    60.8    $      314.3
                      Net cash used in investing activities                                   (1,045.3)                  (60.8)       (1,106.1)
                     (c)         Principles of consolidation
                     The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned
                     subsidiaries (its “subsidiaries”) (together the “Company”).
                           (i) Subsidiaries
                              These consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Franco-Nevada and its
                              subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts, transactions, income and expenses, and profits or losses
                              have been eliminated on consolidation. The Company consolidates subsidiaries where it has the
                              ability to exercise control. Control of an investee is defined to exist when the Company is
                              exposed to variable returns from its involvement in the investee and has the ability to affect
                              those returns through its power over the investee. Specifically, the Company controls an investee
                              if, and only if, it has all of the following: power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give
                              the Company the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee); exposure, or
                              rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and the ability to use its power
                              over the investee to affect its returns. Control is presumed to exist where the Company owns
                              more than one half of the voting rights unless it can be demonstrated that ownership does not
                              constitute control. The existence and effect of potential voting rights that are currently
                              exercisable or convertible are considered when assessing whether the Company controls another
                              entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the
                              Company. They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.
                              The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the
                              parent company, using consistent accounting policies. The consolidated financial statements
                              include all assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and cash flows of the Company and its
                              subsidiaries after eliminating intercompany transactions.


                                                                                    9




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                               184/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)


                              The principal subsidiaries of the Company and their geographic locations at December 31, 2016
                              were as follows:
                                                                                                                               Economic
                              Entity                                                      Jurisdiction                           Interest
                              Franco-Nevada U.S. Corporation                              Delaware                                  100%
                              Franco-Nevada GLW Holdings Corp.                            British Columbia                          100%
                              Franco-Nevada Mexico Corporation, S.A. de C.V.              Mexico                                    100%
                              Franco-Nevada Canada Holdings Corp.                         Canada                                    100%
                              Franco-Nevada (Barbados) Corporation                        Barbados                                  100%
                              Franco-Nevada Australia Pty Ltd.                            Australia                                 100%
                              Franco-Nevada LRC Holdings Corp.                            British Columbia                          100%
                              Franco-Nevada Alberta Holdings ULC                          Alberta                                   100%
                              Franco-Nevada U.S. Holding Corp.                            Delaware                                  100%
                              Franco-Nevada Delaware LLC                                  Delaware                                  100%
                              Minera Global Copper Chile S.A.                             Chile                                     100%
                              Franco-Nevada Alberta Corporation                           Alberta                                   100%
                              FN Subco Inc.                                               British Columbia                          100%
                              Franco-Nevada Idaho Corporation                             Delaware                                  100%
                              FN Holdings ULC                                             Alberta                                   100%

                              All the above entities are classified as subsidiaries of the Company. There are no significant
                              restrictions on the Company’s ability to access or use assets or settle liabilities of its subsidiaries.
                           (ii) Joint arrangements
                              A joint arrangement is defined as an arrangement over which two or more parties have joint
                              control, which is the contractually agreed sharing of control over an arrangement. This exists
                              only when the decisions about relevant activities (being those that significantly affect the returns
                              of the arrangement) require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. There are two
                              types of joint arrangement, joint operations (“JO”) and joint ventures (“JV”).
                              A JO is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have
                              rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement. In relation to
                              the Company’s interest in any JO, the Company would recognize its share of any assets,
                              liabilities, revenues and expenses of the JO.
                              The Company participates in joint operations with respect to oil & gas working interests but
                              does not have joint control. A working interest is an ownership position in the oil & gas
                              property and related operating assets, whereby the Company is liable for its proportionate share
                              of gross costs of capital and operations based on information received from the operator. The
                              Company’s share of the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of the joint operation are
                              recognized in the statements of financial position and statements of income and comprehensive
                              income (loss).
                     (d)      Business combinations
                     On the acquisition of a business, the acquisition method of accounting is used whereby the purchase
                     consideration is allocated to the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities (identifiable net
                     assets) of the business on the basis of the fair value at the date of acquisition. Provisional fair values
                     allocated at a reporting date are finalized as soon as the relevant information is available, which period
                     shall not exceed twelve months from the acquisition date and are adjusted to reflect the transaction as of
                     the acquisition date.
                     The results of businesses acquired during the period are consolidated into the consolidated financial
                     statements from the date on which control commences at the date of acquisition and taken out of the
                     consolidated financial statements from the date on which control ceases.


                                                                            10


file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                         185/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   186/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)



                     When all or part of the purchase consideration is contingent on future events, the cost of the acquisition
                     initially recorded includes an estimate of the fair value of the contingent liability amounts expected to
                     be payable in the future. The cost of acquisition is adjusted when revised estimates are made, with
                     corresponding adjustments made to the consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income
                     (loss).
                     When a business is acquired in a number of stages, the cost of each stage is compared with the fair
                     value of the identifiable net assets at the date of that purchase. Any excess is treated as goodwill, and
                     any discount is immediately recognized in the consolidated statement of income and other
                     comprehensive income (loss).
                     When the cost of the acquisition exceeds the fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired, the
                     difference is recorded as goodwill. If the fair value attributable to the Company’s share of the
                     identifiable net assets exceeds the cost of acquisition, the difference is recognized as a gain in the
                     consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income (loss). Acquisition costs are expensed.
                     (e)       Currency translation
                            (i) Functional and presentation currency
                     The functional currency for each entity within the Franco-Nevada group is the currency of the primary
                     economic environment in which it operates.
                     These consolidated financial statements are expressed in United States dollars, which is the functional
                     currency of some of the subsidiaries. The parent Company’s functional currency is the Canadian dollar.
                     The U.S. dollar is used as the presentation currency of the Company to ensure comparability with the
                     Company’s peers. References herein to C$ are to Canadian dollars.
                            (ii) Foreign currency transactions and balances
                     Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency of the respective subsidiary,
                     using the exchange rate prevailing at the dates of the transaction (spot exchange rates). Foreign
                     exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and the re-measurement of
                     monetary items and available-for-sale securities at the date of the consolidated statements of financial
                     position are recognized in net income. Non-monetary items measured at historical cost are translated
                     into the functional currency using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction.
                     The results and financial position of the subsidiaries that have a functional currency different from the
                     presentation currency are translated into U.S. dollars, the group’s presentation currency, as follows:

                       ·assets and liabilities for each subsidiary are translated at the closing exchange rate at the date of the
                           balance sheet;

                       ·income and expenses for each subsidiary are translated at the average exchange rates during the
                           period; and

                       ·all resulting exchange differences are charged/credited to the currency translation adjustment in
                           other comprehensive income (loss).
                     (f)       Royalty, stream and working interests
                     Royalty, stream and working interests consist of acquired royalty interests, stream metal purchase
                     agreements, and working interests in producing, advanced/development and exploration stage
                     properties. Royalty, stream and working interests are recorded at cost and capitalized as tangible assets
                     with finite lives. They are subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depletion and accumulated
                     impairment losses. The cost of royalty, stream and working interests is determined by reference to the
                     cost model under IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment. The major categories of the Company’s
                     interests are producing, advanced and exploration. Producing assets are those that have generated
                     revenue from steady-state operations for the Company or are expected to in the next year. Advanced
                     assets are interests on projects that in management’s view have a reasonable possibility of generating
                     steady-state revenue for the Company in the next five years or include properties under development,
                     permitting, feasibility or advanced exploration. Exploration assets represent early stage exploration


file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                 187/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     properties that are speculative and are expected to require more than five years to generate revenue, if
                     ever, or are currently not active.


                                                                         11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                             188/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)



                     Producing mineral royalty and stream interests are depleted using the units-of-production method over
                     the life of the property to which the interest relates. The life of the property is estimated using life of
                     mine models specifically associated with the mineral royalty or stream properties which include proven
                     and probable reserves and may include a portion of resources expected to be converted into reserves.
                     Where life of mine models are not available, the Company uses publicly available statements of
                     reserves and resources for the mineral royalty or stream properties to estimate the life of the property
                     and portion of resources that the Company expects to be converted into reserves. Where life of mine
                     models and publicly available reserve and resource statements are not available, depletion is based on
                     the Company’s best estimate of the ounces to be produced and delivered under the contract. The
                     Company relies on information available to it under contracts with operators and /or public disclosures
                     for information on reserves and resources from the operators of the producing mineral and stream
                     interests.
                     Producing oil & gas interests are depleted using the units-of-production method over the life of the
                     property to which the interest relates, which is estimated using available estimated proved and probable
                     reserves specifically associated with the oil & gas properties. For the oil & gas interests, management
                     engages an independent petroleum consultant to prepare annual reserve reports.
                     On acquisition of a producing royalty, stream or working interest, an allocation of its fair value is
                     attributed to the exploration potential of the interest. The estimated fair value of this acquired
                     exploration potential is recorded as an asset (non-depreciable interest) on the acquisition date. Updated
                     reserve and resource information obtained from the operators of the royalty, stream or working interest
                     properties is used to determine the amount to be converted from non-depreciable interest to depreciable
                     interest. If the cost of a royalty, stream or working interest includes contingent consideration, the
                     contingent consideration is measured at fair value on the date of acquisition and included in the cost of
                     the interest. Any changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration subsequent to the acquisition
                     date are recorded against the cost of the interest acquired.
                     Royalty, stream and working interests for advanced and exploration assets are recorded at cost and
                     capitalized in accordance with IFRS 6 Exploration for and Evaluation of Mineral Resources.
                     Acquisition costs of advanced and exploration stage royalty, stream and working interests are
                     capitalized and are not depleted until such time as revenue-generating activities begin. The Company
                     may receive advanced minimum payments prior to the commencement of production on some of its
                     interests. In these circumstances, the Company would record depletion expense as described above, up
                     to a maximum of the total of the advanced minimum payment received.
                     (g)    Working interests in oil & gas properties
                     Acquired oil & gas working interests are accounted for at cost and capitalized as tangible assets of
                     developing or operating properties, or in accordance with IFRS 6 for exploration properties. For each
                     oil & gas property on which the Company has a working interest, the Company bears its proportionate
                     share of the gross costs of capital and operations based on information received from the operator. Such
                     capital costs are capitalized to oil & gas well equipment which is a component of other assets on the
                     statement of financial position.
                     Capitalized costs, other than those related to oil & gas well equipment, are depreciated when the asset is
                     available for its intended use on a units-of-production basis, whereby the denominator is the proved and
                     probable reserves associated with the oil & gas properties. For oil & gas well equipment, capitalized
                     costs are depreciated by application of a 25% declining balance method.
                     (h)      Impairment of non-financial assets
                     Producing and advanced mineral, stream and oil & gas interests are reviewed for impairment if there is
                     any indication that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Impairment is assessed at the level of
                     cash-generating units (“CGUs”) which, in accordance with IAS 36 Impairment of Assets, are identified
                     as the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows, which are largely independent of
                     the cash inflows from other assets. This is usually at the individual royalty, stream, oil & gas or working
                     interest level for each property from which cash inflows are generated.
                     An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s carrying value exceeds its
                     recoverable amount, which is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal (“FVLCD”) and value-in-
                     use (“VIU”). The future
file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                189/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      12




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm        190/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)


                     cash flow expected is derived using estimates of proven and probable reserves, a portion of resources
                     that is expected to be converted into reserves and information regarding the mineral, stream and oil &
                     gas properties, respectively, that could affect the future recoverability of the Company’s interests.
                     Discount factors are determined individually for each asset and reflect their respective risk profiles. In
                     certain circumstances, the Company may use a market approach in determining the recoverable amount
                     which may include an estimate of (i) net present value of estimated future cash flows; (ii) dollar value
                     per ounce or pound of reserve/resource; (iii) cash-flow multiples; and/or (iv) market capitalization of
                     comparable assets. Impairment losses are charged to the mineral, stream or oil & gas interest or
                     working interest and any associated oil & gas well equipment in the case of working interests. Assets
                     are subsequently reassessed for indications that an impairment loss previously recognized may no
                     longer exist. An impairment charge is reversed if the conditions that gave rise to the recognition of an
                     impairment loss are subsequently reversed and the asset’s recoverable amount exceeds its carrying
                     amount. Impairment losses can be reversed only to the extent that the recoverable amount does not
                     exceed the carrying value that would have been determined had no impairment been recognized
                     previously.
                     Gold bullion, prepaid gold and prepaid expenses are similarly assessed for impairment whenever
                     indicators of impairment exist in accordance with IAS 36. An impairment loss is recognized for the
                     amount by which the asset’s carrying value exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of
                     FVLCD and VIU.
                     Mineral and oil & gas interests classified as exploration are assessed for impairment whenever
                     indicators of impairment exist in accordance with IFRS 6. An impairment loss is recognized for the
                     amount by which the asset’s carrying value exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of
                     FVLCD and VIU. An interest that has previously been classified as exploration is also assessed for
                     impairment before reclassification to either advanced or producing, and the impairment loss, if any, is
                     recognized in net income.
                     (i)           Financial instruments
                     Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized on the Company’s statement of financial position
                     when the Company has become a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. Financial assets
                     are derecognized when the rights to receive cash flows from the assets have expired or have been
                     transferred and the Company has transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership. The
                     Company’s financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, receivables, accounts payables,
                     accrued liabilities, debt, and investments, including equity investments, loans receivable, warrants and
                     term deposits. Financial instruments are recognized initially at fair value.
                           (i)         Cash and cash equivalents
                           Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, deposits held with banks and other short-term
                           highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Cash and cash
                           equivalents are classified as available-for-sale and measured at fair value.
                           (ii) Receivables
                           Receivables, other than those related to agreements with provisional pricing mechanisms, are
                           classified as loans and receivables and are initially recorded at fair value of the amount expected to
                           be received and subsequently measured at amortized cost less any provision for impairment.
                           Individual receivables are considered for recoverability when they are past due or when other
                           objective evidence is received that a specific counterparty will default. Impairments for receivables
                           are presented in the consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income (loss).
                           (iii)           Investments
                           Investments comprise equity interests in publicly-traded and privately-held entities, marketable
                           securities with original maturities at the date of the purchase of more than three months and a loan
                           receivable.
                           Available-for-sale investments are recognized initially at fair value plus transaction costs.
                           Subsequent to initial recognition, available-for-sale investments are measured at fair value and
                           changes in the fair value are recognized directly in other comprehensive income (loss), except for

file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                 191/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                         impairment losses, which are recognized in net income in the consolidated statement of income and
                         comprehensive income (loss). When


                                                                       13




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                          192/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)


                           an available-for-sale investment is sold or impaired, the accumulated gains or losses are reversed
                           from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and included in other income (expense) or
                           impairment of investments in the statement of income and comprehensive income (loss).
                           Where the Company holds an investment in a privately-held entity for which there is no active
                           market and for which there is no reliable estimate of fair value, the investment is carried at cost less
                           any provision for impairment.
                           Translation differences on equity securities classified as available-for-sale, are included in other
                           comprehensive income (loss).
                           Derivative investments, such as warrants and receivables related to agreements with provisional
                           pricing mechanisms, are classified as fair value through profit and loss and are recognized initially
                           at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, derivatives are measured at fair value. Changes in the
                           fair value of receivables related to agreements with provisional pricing mechanisms are recognized
                           in revenue in the statement of income and other comprehensive income (loss). Changes in fair
                           value of warrants are recognized as other income (expenses) in the statement of income and
                           comprehensive income (loss).
                           Loans receivable are classified as loans and receivables because they have fixed or determinable
                           payments and are not quoted in an active market. Loans are measured at amortised cost using the
                           effective interest method, less any impairment. Interest income is recognized by applying the
                           effective interest rate method and presented as finance income in the statement of income and
                           comprehensive income (loss).
                           (iv) Financial liabilities
                           Financial liabilities, including accounts payable, accrued liabilities and debt, are classified as other
                           financial liabilities at amortized cost using the effective interest method.
                           (v) Impairment of financial assets
                           The Company assesses at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that a
                           financial asset or a group of financial assets is impaired. Financial assets are considered to be
                           impaired if objective evidence indicates that a change in the market, economic or legal environment
                           in which the Company invested has had a negative effect on the estimated future cash flows of that
                           asset. For equity securities classified as available-for-sale, a significant or prolonged decline in fair
                           value of the security below its cost is also evidence that the assets may be impaired. If such
                           evidence exists for available-for-sale financial assets, the cumulative loss, measured as the
                           difference between the acquisition cost and the current fair value, is removed from accumulated
                           other comprehensive income (loss) and recognized as an impairment on investments in net income
                           in the statement of income and other comprehensive income (loss). An impairment loss in respect of
                           a financial asset measured at amortized cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying
                           amount, and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the original effective
                           interest rate.
                           Impairment losses are recognized in net income. For financial assets measured at amortized cost,
                           any reversal of impairment is recognized in net income in subsequent periods if the fair value of the
                           financial assets increase and the increase can be objectively related to an event occurring after the
                           impairment loss was recognized in net income. If the value of the previously impaired available-for-
                           sale equity investment subsequently recovers, additional unrealized gains are recorded in other
                           comprehensive income (loss) and the previously recorded impairment losses are not reversed.
                     (j)       Revenue recognition
                     Revenue comprises revenue earned in the period from royalty, stream and working interests and
                     dividend income. Revenue is measured at fair value of the consideration received or receivable when
                     management can reliably estimate the amount, pursuant to the terms of the royalty, stream and/or
                     working interest agreements. In some instances, the Company will not have access to sufficient
                     information to make a reasonable estimate of revenue and, accordingly, revenue recognition is deferred
                     until management can make a reasonable



file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                    193/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      14




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm        194/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)


                     estimate. Differences between estimates and actual amounts are adjusted and recorded in the period that
                     the actual amounts are known.
                     For royalty interests, revenue recognition generally occurs in the month of production from the royalty
                     property. For stream and working interests, relevant commodities received from the stream or working
                     interest operators are sold to the Company’s third party customers. Revenue from these sales is
                     recognized when title and risks of the delivered commodity are passed on to the Company’s third party
                     customers.
                     Under the terms of certain revenue stream agreements and concentrate sales contracts with independent
                     smelting companies, sales prices are provisionally set on a specified future date after shipment based on
                     market prices. Revenue is recorded under these contracts at the time of shipment, which is also when
                     the risk and rewards of ownership pass to the smelting companies, using forward commodity prices on
                     the expected date that final sales prices will be fixed. Variations between the price recorded at the
                     shipment date and the actual final price set under the smelting contracts are caused by changes in
                     market commodity prices, and result in an embedded derivative in the receivable. The embedded
                     derivative is recorded at fair value each period until final settlement occurs, with changes in fair value
                     classified as provisional price adjustments and included as a component of stream revenue.
                     (k)      Gold and silver sales
                     Gold and silver, including gold and silver received under stream agreements, is sold primarily in the
                     spot market. The sales price is fixed at the delivery date based on the gold or silver spot prices. The
                     Company records the sales when title and risks of the delivered commodity are passed on to the
                     Company’s third party customers.
                     (l)     Oil & gas sales
                     Revenue from the sale of crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids is recorded at the time it enters
                     the pipeline system, which is also when risks and rewards of ownership are transferred. At the time of
                     delivery of oil & gas, revenues are determined based upon contracts by reference to monthly market
                     commodity prices plus certain price adjustments. Price adjustments include product quality and
                     transportation adjustments and market differentials.
                     (m)      Costs of sales
                     Costs of sales includes various mineral and oil & gas production taxes that are recognized with the
                     related revenues and the Company’s share of the gross operating costs for the working interests in the
                     oil & gas properties.
                     For stream agreements, the Company purchases gold and/or silver for a cash payment of the lesser of a
                     set contractual price, subject to annual inflationary adjustments, and the prevailing market price per
                     ounce of gold and/or silver when purchased. Under certain stream agreements, the Company purchases
                     gold and/or silver for a cash payment that is a fixed percentage of the prevailing market price per ounce
                     of gold and/or silver when purchased.
                     In certain instances, the Company purchases a fixed amount of gold by providing an initial deposit. The
                     initial deposit is recorded as a prepaid gold asset and classified within current prepaid expenses and
                     other assets or non-current other assets dependent on whether delivery will occur within 12 months of
                     the reporting date. When gold is delivered to the Company it is recorded as inventory until such time as
                     it is sold and the cost of the gold is recorded as a cost of sale.
                     (n)      Income taxes
                     The income tax expense or recovery represents the sum of current and deferred income taxes.
                     Current income tax payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from net
                     income as reported in the consolidated statement of income and other comprehensive income (loss)
                     because it excludes items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and it
                     further excludes items that are


                                                                         15


file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                               195/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   196/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)


                     never taxable or deductible. The Company’s liability for current tax is calculated by using tax rates and
                     laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the statement of financial position date.
                     Deferred tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on differences between the carrying
                     amount of assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases
                     used in the computation of taxable profit, and is accounted for using the statement of financial position
                     liability method. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences and
                     deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available
                     against which deductible temporary differences can be utilized. Such assets and liabilities are not
                     recognized if the temporary differences arise from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a
                     transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
                     accounting profit nor taxable profit.
                     Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in
                     subsidiaries, except where the Company is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and
                     it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
                     Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are enacted or substantively enacted at the statement of
                     financial position date and are expected to apply to the period when the deferred tax asset is realized or
                     the liability is settled. Deferred tax is charged or credited in the consolidated statement of income and
                     other comprehensive income (loss), except when it relates to items credited or charged directly to
                     equity, in which case the deferred tax is also accounted for within equity.
                     (o)      Stock options
                     The Company may issue equity-settled share-based payments to directors, officers, employees and
                     consultants under the terms of its share compensation plan. Equity-settled share-based payments are
                     measured at fair value at the date of grant. The fair value determined at the date of grant of equity-
                     settled share-based payments is expensed over the expected service period with a corresponding entry
                     to contributed surplus and is based on the Company’s estimate of shares that will ultimately vest.
                     Fair value is measured by use of the Black-Scholes option pricing valuation model. The expected life
                     used in the model is adjusted, based on management’s best estimate, for the effect of non-
                     transferability, exercise restrictions and behavioural considerations. Expected volatility is estimated by
                     considering historic average share price volatility. Any consideration paid or received upon the exercise
                     of the stock options or purchase of shares is credited to share capital.
                     (p)      Deferred share units
                     Non-executive directors may choose to convert their directors’ fees into deferred share units (“DSUs”)
                     under the terms of the Company’s deferred share unit plan (the “DSU Plan”). Directors must elect to
                     convert their fees prior to January 1 in each year. The Company may also award DSUs to non-executive
                     directors under the DSU Plan as compensation. When dividends are declared by the Company, directors
                     are also credited with dividend equivalents in the form of additional DSUs based on the number of
                     vested DSUs each director holds on the record date for the payment of a dividend. The fair value of
                     DSUs at the time of conversion or award, as applicable, is determined with reference to the weighted
                     average trading price of the Company’s common shares over the five trading days immediately
                     preceding the date of conversion or award, as applicable. The fair value of the DSUs, which are settled
                     in cash, is recognized as a share-based compensation expense with a corresponding increase in
                     liabilities, over the service period. The fair value of the DSUs is marked to the quoted market price of
                     the Company’s common shares at each reporting date with a corresponding change in the consolidated
                     statement of income and comprehensive income (loss).
                     (q)      Restricted share units
                     The Company may grant restricted share units to officers and employees under the terms of its share
                     compensation plan. The Company plans to settle every restricted share unit with one common share of
                     the parent company. The Company recognizes the fair value of the restricted share units as share-based
                     compensation expense which is determined with reference to the weighted average trading price of the
                     Company’s common shares over the five trading days immediately preceding the date of issuance. The
                     amount recognized reflects the number of awards for which the related service and non-market
                     performance

file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                197/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      16




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm        198/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)


                     conditions associated with these awards are expected to be met. The Company expenses the fair value
                     of the restricted share units over the applicable service period, with a corresponding increase in
                     contributed surplus. For performance vesting conditions, the grant date fair value of the restricted share
                     unit is measured to reflect such conditions and this estimate is not updated between expected and actual
                     outcomes.
                     (r)      Segment reporting
                     The Company manages its business under a single operating segment, consisting of resource sector
                     royalty/stream acquisitions and management activities. All of the Company’s assets and revenues are
                     attributable to this single operating segment.
                     The operating segment is reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the
                     Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) who fulfills the role of the chief operating decision-maker. The CEO
                     is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the Company’s operating segment.
                     (s)      Earnings per share
                     Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing the net income or loss by the weighted average
                     number of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the effect
                     of all potentially dilutive common share equivalents, which includes dilutive share options and
                     restricted share units granted to employees and warrants computed using the treasury stock method.
                     New Accounting Standards Issued But Not Yet Effective

                     IFRS 9 Financial Instruments
                     On July 24, 2014, the IASB published the final version IFRS 9 Financial Instruments which brings
                     together the classification, measurement, impairment and hedge accounting phases of the IASB’s
                     project to replace IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement. IFRS 9 includes a loss
                     impairment model, amends the classification and measurement model for financial assets by adding a
                     new fair value through comprehensive income category for certain debt instruments and provides
                     additional guidance on how to apply the business model and contractual cash flow characteristics test.
                     This final version of IFRS 9 supersedes all previous versions of IFRS 9 and is effective for periods
                     beginning on or after January 1, 2018. The Company is currently assessing the impact of IFRS 9 on the
                     consolidated financial statements. Based on its assessment to date, the following summarizes the
                     expected impact of IFRS 9 upon adoption:
                           · The Company will have the option to designate equity securities as financial assets at fair value
                             through other comprehensive income, where they will be recorded initially at fair value with
                             changes in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income which will not be subsequently
                             transferred into earnings (loss). If the Company does not make this election, changes in fair value
                             of the equity securities be will recognized in earnings (loss).
                           · The Company will be required to evaluate its financial assets for impairment based on an expected
                             credit loss model, rather than an incurred loss model currently being applied under IAS 39. The
                             Company’s financial assets which are currently subject to credit risk include cash and cash
                             equivalents, short-term investments, receivables and loan receivables.
                           · Under IAS 39, investments in equity instruments that do not have a quoted market price in an
                             active market and whose fair value cannot be reliably measured can currently be measured at cost.
                             This cost exemption is not included in IFRS 9. However, IFRS 9 contains guidance on when cost
                             may be the best estimate of fair value and also when it might not be representative of fair value.
                             The Company holds one equity investment at cost, with a carrying value of $3.8 million at
                             December 31, 2016.
                           · The reformed approach to hedge accounting is not expected to have a significant impact on the
                             Company.
                     IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
                     In May 2014, the IASB issued IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new standard
                     provides a comprehensive framework for recognition, measurement and disclosure of revenue from
                     contracts with customers, excluding contracts within the scope of the standards on leases, insurance

file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                199/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     contracts and financial instruments. IFRS 15 becomes effective for annual periods beginning on or after
                     January 1, 2018 and is to be


                                                                       17




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                            200/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)



                     applied retrospectively with early adoption permitted. The Company is in the process of assessing the
                     impact of IFRS 15 on the consolidated financial statements. While the Company does not anticipate
                     significant changes in the gross amounts of revenue recognized, the timing of when revenue is
                     recognized may differ under the new standard if the timing of transfer of control to customers is
                     different from the current “risk and rewards” model, and/or if there are additional performance
                     obligations identified under IFRS 15.
                     IFRS 16 Leases
                     In January 2016, the IASB issued IFRS 16 Leases, which requires lessees to recognize assets and
                     liabilities for most leases. IFRS 16 becomes effective for annual periods beginning on or after
                     January 1, 2019 and is to be applied retrospectively with early adoption permitted, provided IFRS 15
                     has been applied or is applied at the same date as IFRS 16. The Company has not yet determined the
                     impact of adoption of this new standard, but plans to commence an assessment of the requirements in
                     2017.
                     IAS 12 Income Taxes
                     IAS 12 Income taxes provides guidance on the recognition of deferred tax assets. In January 2016 the
                     IASB issued amendments to clarify the requirements for recognizing deferred tax assets on unrealized
                     losses. The amendments clarify the accounting for deferred tax where an asset is measured at fair value
                     and that fair value is below the asset’s tax base. They also clarify certain other aspects of accounting for
                     deferred tax assets. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1,
                     2017. The Company will adopt the amendments to IAS 12 in its financial statements for the annual
                     period beginning on January 1, 2017. The adoption of the amendments does not have a material impact
                     on the consolidated financial statements.

                     Note 3 – Significant judgments, estimates and assumptions
                     The preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires the Company to
                     make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
                     and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
                     and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Estimates and
                     assumptions are continuously evaluated and are based on management’s best knowledge of the relevant
                     facts and circumstances, having regard to previous experience. However, actual outcomes may differ
                     from the amounts included in the consolidated financial statements.
                     In particular, the areas which require management to make significant judgments, estimates and
                     assumptions in determining carrying values are:
                     Reserves and Resources
                     Royalty, stream and working interests comprise a large component of the Company’s assets and as
                     such, the reserves and resources of the properties to which the interests relate have a significant effect
                     on the Company’s financial statements. These estimates are applied in determining the depletion of and
                     assessing the recoverability of the carrying value of royalty, stream and working interests. For mineral
                     royalty and stream interests, the public disclosures of reserves and resources that are released by the
                     operators of the interests involve assessments of geological and geophysical studies and economic data
                     and the reliance on a number of assumptions, including commodity prices and production costs. For oil
                     & gas interests, the estimated reserves in the annual reserve reports prepared by an independent
                     petroleum consultant engaged by the Company reflect similar assessments of geological and
                     geophysical studies and economic data and reliance on assumptions. These assumptions are, by their
                     very nature, subject to interpretation and uncertainty.
                     The estimates of reserves and resources may change based on additional knowledge gained subsequent
                     to the initial assessment. Changes in the estimates of reserves and resources may materially affect the
                     recorded amounts of depletion and the assessed recoverability of the carrying value of royalty, stream
                     and working interests.
                     Impairment of Royalty, Stream and Working Interests
                     Assessment of impairment of royalty, stream, working interests and oil & gas well equipment requires
                     the use of judgments, assumptions and estimates when assessing whether there are any indicators that
file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                 201/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     could give rise


                                       18




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm         202/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)



                     to the requirement to conduct a formal impairment test on the Company’s royalty, stream and working
                     interests, investments measured at cost and/or oil & gas equipment. The assessment of fair values
                     requires the use of estimates and assumptions for recoverable production, long-term commodity prices,
                     discount rates, reserve/resource conversion, foreign exchange rates, future capital expansion plans and
                     the associated production implications. In addition, the Company may use other approaches in
                     determining fair value which may include judgment and estimates related to (i) dollar value per ounce
                     or pound of reserve/resource; (ii) cash-flow multiples; and (iii) market capitalization of comparable
                     assets. Changes in any of the assumptions and estimates used in determining the fair value of the
                     royalty, stream or working interests, investments measured at cost, or oil & gas well equipment could
                     impact the impairment analysis.
                     Asset Acquisition
                     The assessment of whether an acquisition meets the definition of a business, or whether assets are
                     acquired is an area of key judgment. If deemed to be a business combination, applying the acquisition
                     method to business combinations requires each identifiable asset and liability to be measured at its
                     acquisition-date fair value. The excess, if any, of the fair value of consideration over the fair value of
                     the net identifiable assets acquired is recognized as goodwill. The determination of the acquisition-date
                     fair values often requires management to make assumptions and estimates about future events. The
                     assumptions and estimates with respect to determining the fair value of royalty, stream or working
                     interests generally requires a high degree of judgment, and include estimates of mineral reserves and
                     resources acquired, future metal prices, discount rates and reserve/resource conversion. Changes in any
                     of the assumptions or estimates used in determining the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities
                     could impact the amounts assigned to assets and liabilities.
                     Income Taxes
                     The interpretation and application of existing tax laws, regulations or rules in Canada, Barbados, the
                     United States, Australia or any of the countries in which the mining operations are located or to which
                     shipments of silver or gold are made requires the use of judgment. The likelihood that tax positions
                     taken will be sustained upon examination by applicable tax authorities is assessed based on facts and
                     circumstances of the relevant tax position considering all available evidence. Differing interpretation of
                     these laws, regulations or rules could result in an increase in the Company’s taxes, or other
                     governmental charges, duties or impositions.
                     In assessing the probability of realizing deferred income tax assets, the Company makes estimates
                     related to expectations of future taxable income and expected timing of reversals of existing temporary
                     differences. Such estimates are based on forecasted cash flows from operations which require the use of
                     estimates and assumptions such as long-term commodity prices and recoverable ounces of silver and
                     gold. Therefore, the amount of deferred income tax assets recognized on the balance sheet could be
                     reduced if the actual results differ significantly from forecast. The Company reassesses its deferred
                     income tax assets at the end of each reporting period.
                     Functional Currency
                     The functional currency for each of the Company’s subsidiaries is the currency of the primary
                     economic environment in which the entity operates. Determination of functional currency may involve
                     certain judgments to determine the primary economic environment and the Company reconsiders the
                     functional currency of its entities if there is a change in events and conditions which determined the
                     primary economic environment.

                     Note 4 – Acquisitions
                          (a)                       STACK
                     On December 19, 2016, the Company acquired a package of royalty rights in the Sooner Trend,
                     Anadarko Basin, Canadian and Kingfisher counties (“STACK”) shale play in Oklahoma’s Anadarko
                     Basin for a price of $100.0 million. The two primary operators of the lands are Newfield Exploration
                     Company and Devon Energy Corporation. The package of lands provides an estimated royalty rate of
                     1.61%.


file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                               203/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      19




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm        204/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)



                          (b)           Castle Mountain
                     On June 16, 2016, Franco-Nevada and NewCastle Gold Ltd. completed the restructuring of Franco-
                     Nevada’s existing royalties at the Castle Mountain gold project in California, USA, into a single 2.65%
                     royalty covering a larger property for C$2.2 million in cash.
                     In addition the Company purchased 3,636,364 common shares of NewCastle and 1,818,182 common
                     share purchase warrants for C$1.2 million. Each common share purchase warrant is exercisable to
                     acquire one common share at a price of C$0.64 for a period of five years, expiring on May 9, 2021.

                          (c)               Antapaccay
                     On February 26, 2016, the Company acquired a $500.0 million precious metal stream from Glencore
                     plc with reference to production from the Antapaccay mine located in Peru. Under the stream
                     agreement, gold and silver deliveries are initially referenced to copper in concentrate shipped. The
                     Company will receive 300 ounces of gold and 4,700 ounces of silver for each 1,000 tonnes of copper in
                     concentrate shipped, until 630,000 ounces of gold and 10.0 million ounces of silver have been
                     delivered. Thereafter, the Company will receive 30% of the gold and silver shipped. The Company pays
                     an on-going price of 20% of the spot price of gold and silver until 750,000 ounces of refined gold and
                     12.8 million ounces of refined silver have been delivered. Thereafter, the on-going price will increase to
                     30% of the spot price of gold and silver.

                        (d)                     Antamina
                     On October 9, 2015, the Company acquired a silver stream from Teck Resources Limited (“Teck”) on
                     production from the Antamina mine located in Peru. In exchange for a $610.0 million advance
                     payment, the Company purchases all recovered silver from Teck’s attributable 22.5% interest in the
                     Antamina mine, subject to a fixed silver payability of 90%. The Company pays 5% of the spot silver
                     price for each ounce delivered under the stream agreement. The stream will reduce by one-third after 86
                     million ounces of silver have been delivered under the stream agreement.

                          (e)             Weyburn Unit
                     On November 6, 2015, the Company purchased an additional 0.29% working interest in the Weyburn
                     Unit for C$6.4 million.

                          (f)          Cobre Panama
                     On November 2, 2015, the Company finalized terms of a replacement precious metals stream
                     agreement for First Quantum Minerals Ltd.’s (“First Quantum”) Cobre Panama project. The project,
                     which is located in Panama, is in the construction phase. The changes from the original agreement
                     relate to streamlining reporting arrangements and providing First Quantum with greater flexibility to
                     finance the project while maintaining the Company’s security package. The principal commercial terms
                     of the replacement agreement remain the same as the original agreement including that the Company
                     will provide a $1.0 billion deposit against future deliveries of gold and silver from Cobre Panama. The
                     deposit will be funded on a pro-rata basis of 1:3 with First Quantum’s 80% share of the capital costs in
                     excess of $1.0 billion. In 2016, the Company funded a total of $124.3 million towards the stream (2015
                     – $337.9 million), for a total of $462.2 million of its $1.0 billion commitment. As at December 31,
                     2016, capitalized costs for the Cobre Panama project of $467.5 million are included in Streams in Note
                     8(a) – Royalty, stream and working interests.
                     The amount of precious metals to be delivered under the agreement is indexed to the copper in
                     concentrate produced from the entire project. The Company will pay $406/oz for each ounce of gold
                     and $6.09/oz for each ounce of silver (subject to an annual adjustment for inflation) delivered under the
                     stream agreement until 1,341,000 ounces of gold and 21,510,000 ounces of silver have been delivered.
                     Thereafter, the Company will pay the greater of $400/oz for gold and $6/oz for silver (subject to an
                     adjustment for inflation) or one half of the then prevailing market price.

                          (g)                Ring of Fire


file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                               205/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     On April 28, 2015, the Company acquired royalty rights in the Ring of Fire mining district of Ontario
                     for $3.5 million and extended a loan in the amount of $25.0 million to Noront Resources Ltd.
                     (“Noront”). Both the royalty and the loan were initially recorded at their respective fair values stated
                     above. The royalty has been


                                                                         20




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                             206/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)



                     accounted for as an asset acquisition in accordance with the accounting policy for royalty interests. The
                     loan, which bears annual interest at 7% and matures on April 28, 2020, is a financial asset recorded in
                     Investments.

                          (h)          Dublin Gulch (Eagle)
                     On January 14, 2015, the Company acquired an existing 1.5% NSR and 2.0% gross royalty on certain
                     claims that comprise the Eagle deposit located in the Yukon, Canada for cash consideration of $7.0
                     million.

                          (i)              Candelaria
                     On November 3, 2014, the Company acquired a gold and silver stream on production from the
                     Candelaria project located in Chile from Lundin Mining Corporation (“Lundin”) for an up-front deposit
                     of $648.0 million to contribute to Lundin’s financing of the acquisition of Candelaria from Freeport-
                     McMoRan Inc.
                     On July 29, 2015, the Company made an additional and final $7.5 million payment to Lundin due to an
                     increase in reserves following resolution of certain post-closing items pursuant to the Candelaria stream
                     agreement. The amount has been recorded as part of the stream interest.
                     In addition, the Company may be required to make additional cash payments or may receive additional
                     gold or silver in certain circumstances. The determination of whether additional payments will be
                     required or additional gold and silver would be delivered is an annual determination by the parties to
                     the agreement and will be based on actual recoveries from Candelaria during the previous year.

                          (j)         Karma Gold Stream
                     On August 11, 2014, the Company and Sandstorm Gold Inc. (“Sandstorm”) entered into a $120.0
                     million syndicated stream financing agreement with True Gold Mining Inc. (“True Gold”) in exchange
                     for a 6.5% gold stream on True Gold’s Karma project, located in Burkina Faso, West Africa. The
                     Company has a 75% interest in the stream and Sandstorm has a 25% interest. Under the terms of the
                     agreement, the parties committed to provide True Gold with $100.0 million in initial funding with an
                     option to increase the funding by up to $20.0 million until February 11, 2016 which was subsequently
                     extended to August 11, 2016. On January 8, 2016, True Gold exercised its option and drew down an
                     additional $5.0 million.

                          (k)         Guadalupe Gold Stream
                     In October 2014, the Company agreed with Coeur Mining Inc. (“Coeur”) to terminate its gold stream
                     on the Palmarejo project located in Mexico (the “Palmarejo Stream”) in exchange for a cash payment of
                     $2.0 million. As part of the agreement to terminate the Palmarejo stream, the Company purchased a
                     new 50% gold stream (the “Guadalupe Stream”), pursuant to which the Company funded a $22.0
                     million deposit which was used for development of the Guadalupe underground mine. Under the
                     Guadalupe stream, the Company will pay the lesser of (i) $800 per ounce; or (ii) the London PM gold
                     fix on the day of delivery for each ounce delivered. The Guadalupe Stream became effective in July
                     2016, following the completion of the 400,000 ounce minimum obligation under the Palmarejo Stream.



                     All of the above acquisitions have been classified as asset acquisitions.




                                                                         21




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                              207/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)


                     Note 5 – Cash and Cash Equivalents
                     As at December 31, 2016 and 2015, cash and cash equivalents were primarily held in interest-bearing
                     deposits.

                                                                                                    2016              2015
                      Cash deposits                                                           $     182.4 $           137.9
                      Term deposits                                                                  70.6              11.3
                                                                                              $     253.0 $           149.2

                     Note 6 – Investments

                                                                                                     2016              2015
                     Short-term investments
                        Term deposits                                                         $         — $            18.8
                     Total short-term investments                                             $         — $            18.8

                     Non-current investments
                        Equity investments                                                    $     118.4 $            68.3
                        Warrants                                                                      0.9               0.1
                        Loan Receivable                                                              28.1              26.4
                     Total Investments                                                        $     147.4 $            94.8

                     Non-current investments
                     These investments comprise: (i) equity interests in various public and non-public entities which the
                     Company acquired through the open market or through transactions; (ii) warrants in various publicly-
                     listed companies; and (iii) a loan receivable from Noront acquired through the Ring of Fire transaction
                     in 2015. Equity investments have been designated as available-for-sale and, as a result, have been
                     recorded at fair value. One equity investment of a non-public entity, having a carrying value of $3.8
                     million (2015 - $3.8 million), has been designated as an equity investment held at cost as no reliable
                     estimate of fair value can be determined because there is no publicly available information with which
                     to estimate future cash flows, associated operating costs or capital expenditures and no alternative
                     active market. Management does not intend to dispose of the investment and expects to recover the
                     carrying value through the payment of dividends.
                     The loan receivable has been designated as loans and receivables under IFRS and is carried at
                     amortized cost using the effective interest rate method.
                     The unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale investments recognized in other comprehensive
                     income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:
                                                                                                           2016      2015
                       Mark-to market gain (loss) on equity investments                               $ 58.2 $ (27.5)
                       Deferred tax (expense) recovery in other comprehensive income (loss)                 (5.3)      1.6
                       Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities, net of tax                  52.9     (25.9)
                       Reclassification for realized change in market value recognized in net
                       income, net of tax                                                                 (10.6)      (1.1)
                                                                                                      $ 42.3 $ (27.0)
                     The increase in the market value of the warrants as at December 31, 2016 compared to their values at
                     December 31, 2015 was primarily due to the acquisition of new warrants of $0.4 million, acquired in
                     connection with the investment in NewCastle Gold Ltd. (Note 4(b)) in 2016).




                                                                        22


file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                            208/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   209/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)


                     Note 7 – Prepaid expenses and other
                     Prepaid expenses and other current assets comprise the following:
                                                                                                                2016            2015
                         Gold bullion                                                                     $       9.3 $          21.0
                         Inventory                                                                                2.7             —
                         Prepaid gold                                                                             7.0             7.0
                         Prepaid expenses                                                                        17.5            13.6
                         Debt issue costs                                                                         0.6             —
                                                                                                          $      37.1 $          41.6

                     Note 8 – Royalty, Stream and Working Interests, Net

                     a)     Royalties, Streams and Working Interests

                     The following tables summarize the Company’s royalty, stream and working interests carrying values
                     as at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively:
                                                                                                  2016
                                                                 Cost          Accumulated Depletion(1) Impairment     Carrying Value
                     Mineral Royalties                         $ 963.0         $               (475.0) $        —      $        488.0
                     Streams                                    3,450.0                        (880.4)       (67.4)           2,502.2
                     Oil and Gas                                  732.4                        (283.5)          —               448.9
                     Advanced                                     222.9                         (34.1)          —               188.8
                     Exploration                                   52.0                         (11.5)        (0.1)              40.4
                                                               $5,420.3        $             (1,684.5) $     (67.5)    $      3,668.3


                                                                                                  2015
                                                                 Cost          Accumulated Depletion(1) Impairment     Carrying Value
                     Mineral Royalties                         $ 967.4         $               (429.2) $         —     $        538.2
                     Streams                                    2,806.5                        (684.2)           —            2,122.3
                     Oil and Gas                                  612.3                        (207.7)       (48.3)             356.3
                     Advanced                                     229.1                         (17.3)        (11.4)            200.4
                     Exploration                                   52.5                         (12.1)         (0.1)             40.3
                                                               $4,667.8        $             (1,350.5) $     (59.8)    $      3,257.5
                     1    Accumulated depletion includes previously recognized impairment charges.



                                                                                          23




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                     210/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)




                                                 Mineral
                                                 Royalties     Streams     Oil & Gas Advanced Exploration             Total
                     Balance at January 1,
                     2015                        $    618.3 $ 1,251.5 $        503.7 $        222.3 $         41.1 $ 2,636.9
                     Acquisitions                        —    1,002.7            3.6            6.1            3.9   1,016.3
                     Disposals                           —         —              —              —            (0.7)     (0.7)
                     Impairments                         —         —           (48.3)         (11.4)          (0.1)    (59.8)
                     Depletion                        (51.4)   (131.9)         (21.3)          (0.9)          (0.7)   (206.2)
                     Impact of foreign
                     exchange                         (28.7)         —         (81.4)         (15.7)          (3.2)   (129.0)
                     Balance at
                     December 31, 2015           $    538.2 $ 2,122.3 $        356.3 $        200.4 $         40.3 $ 3,257.5

                     Acquisitions (Note 4)               —        642.8        101.3            1.7             —      745.8
                     Disposals                        (16.2)         —            —              —              —      (16.2)
                     Transfers                          6.2          —            —            (6.2)            —         —
                     Impairments                         —        (67.4)          —               -           (0.1)    (67.5)
                     Depletion                        (52.1)     (195.5)       (19.1)          (0.7)          (0.2)   (267.6)
                     Impact of foreign
                     exchange                          11.9            -        10.4           (6.4)           0.4      16.3
                     Balance at
                     December 31, 2016           $    488.0 $ 2,502.2 $        448.9 $        188.8 $         40.4 $ 3,668.3

                     b) Impairments of Royalties, Streams and Working Interests
                     Impairments in the carrying value of each CGU (generally individual royalty or stream interest or in the
                     case of oil & gas, a group of interests in the same property and the associated oil & gas well equipment)
                     are measured and recorded to the extent that the carrying value of each CGU exceeds its estimated
                     recoverable amount, which is generally calculated using an estimate of future discounted cash-flows. As
                     part of the Company’s regular asset impairment analysis, which included the presence of impairment
                     indicators, the Company recorded impairment charges for the years ended December 31, 2016 and
                     2015, as summarized in the following table:
                                                                                                       2016            2015
                     Royalty, stream and working interests, net:
                        Cooke 4                                                           $            67.4    $         —
                        Weyburn Unit                                                                    —               41.3
                        Midale Unit                                                                     —                7.0
                        Red Lake (Phoenix)                                                              —               11.4
                        Exploration assets                                                              0.1              0.1
                     Other non-current assets:
                        Oil well equipment                                                              —                3.1
                     Total impairment losses                                              $            67.5    $        62.9


                     During 2016, the following were identified as indicators of impairment:
                     Cooke 4
                     On October 27, 2016, Sibanye Gold Limited (“Sibanye”) announced that it had ceased production at the
                     Cooke 4 underground operation. Management assessed the cessation of operations as an indicator of
                     impairment, and accordingly, performed an impairment assessment.
                     Exploration assets
                     The Company was notified, pursuant to various royalty agreements, that the explorer/developer had
                     abandoned tenements, concessions or ground which was subject to royalty rights held by the Company.
                     In the circumstances, the Company wrote-off the carrying value of the associated exploration assets to
                     nil. For the year ended December 31, 2016, the total amount written off was $0.1 million.

file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                              211/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      24




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm        212/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)


                     Key assumptions and sensitivity
                     The key assumptions and estimates used in determining the recoverable amount are related to
                     commodity prices and discount rates.
                     The FVLCD for Cooke 4 was determined by calculating the net present value (“NPV”) of the estimated
                     future cash-flows expected to be generated by the processing of the Cooke 4 tailings. The estimates of
                     future cash-flows were derived from a model developed by management based on expected
                     performance using publicly released information from the operator. Based on observable market or
                     publicly available data, the Company’s management made assumptions of future commodity prices to
                     estimate future revenues. These price assumptions were supported by longer-term consensus price
                     estimates obtained from a sample of analysts. The future cash-flows were discounted using an after-tax
                     discount rate which reflects specific market risk factors associated with Cooke 4. The Company
                     estimated the recoverable amount of its Cooke 4 interest to be $2.1 million.

                     The key assumptions in the impairment testing consisted of the timing of the estimated future cash
                     flows, forecasted gold prices, and the discount rate. The Company used a long-term gold price of
                     $1,321 per ounce, and a discount rate of 8%. The Company also performed sensitivity analyses on these
                     key assumptions that impact the impairment calculations, by applying a change of 10% on the gold
                     price assumption, a change of 300 basis points for the discount rate assumption, and a 5-year change in
                     the timing of expected future cash flows. These sensitivity analyses did not result in a significant
                     change in the estimated recoverable amount and impairment charge.

                     During 2015, the following were identified as indicators of impairment:
                     Weyburn Unit
                     The Company’s interest in the Weyburn Unit comprises an 11.71% NRI, a 0.44% overriding royalty
                     and a 2.56% working interest. Due to the significant deterioration of the oil prices in 2015, the
                     associated impact on the Canadian oil industry and the results of the annual reserve assessment,
                     management identified an indicator of impairment and, accordingly, performed an impairment
                     assessment.
                     Midale Unit
                     The Company’s interest in the Midale Unit comprises a 1.14% gross override royalty interest and a
                     1.59% working interest. Due to the significant deterioration of the oil prices in 2015, the associated
                     impact on the Canadian oil industry and the results of the annual reserve assessment, management
                     identified an indicator of impairment and, accordingly, performed an impairment assessment.
                     Red Lake (Phoenix)
                     On January 11, 2016, the operator of the Phoenix Gold project, Rubicon Minerals Corporation, released
                     an updated Mineral Resource Statement which reflected a 91% decrease in the Indicated resource
                     category and an 86% decrease in the Inferred resource category over its 2013 Mineral Resource
                     Statement. The Company holds a 2% net smelter return royalty (subject to a buy-back of 0.5%) on
                     certain claims covering the Phoenix Gold project. Management assessed the decline in the Mineral
                     Resource Statement as an indicator of impairment and, accordingly, performed an impairment
                     assessment.
                     Key assumptions and sensitivity
                     The key assumptions and estimates used in determining the recoverable amount are related to
                     commodity prices and discount rates.
                     The FVLCD for the Weyburn Unit CGU, Midale Unit CGU and Red Lake (Phoenix) royalty was
                     determined by calculating the net present value (“NPV”) of the estimated future cash-flows expected to
                     be generated by the production of oil or mining of gold, as appropriate. The estimates of future cash-
                     flows were derived from a model for the Weyburn and Midale Units developed by management using
                     cash-flows prepared by an independent reserve engineer and expected performance based on publicly
                     released technical information to predict future performance. Based on observable market or publicly
                     available data, the Company’s

file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                            213/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      25




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm        214/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)


                     management made assumptions of future commodity prices to estimate future revenues. These price
                     assumptions were supported by longer-term consensus price estimates obtained from a sample of
                     analysts and independent reserve evaluators, where appropriate. The future cash-flows were discounted
                     using an after-tax discount rate which reflects specific market risk factors associated with gold royalty
                     assets or working interests, respectively.

                     The key assumptions used in the impairment testing are summarized in the table below:
                                                                          2016      2017       2018        2019        2020+
                     Oil price (C$/boe)                                 $ 48.49   $ 57.16   $ 61.21     $ 66.16       $ 83.43
                     Weyburn & Midale discount rate                         8%        8%        8%          8%            8%
                     Gold price (US$/oz)                                $ 1,156   $ 1,174   $ 1,192     $ 1,216       $ 1,201
                     Red Lake (Phoenix) discount rate                       5%        5%        5%          5%            5%
                     A sensitivity analysis was performed on the oil and gold commodity prices and discount rates, which
                     are the key assumptions that impact the impairment calculations. For the Weyburn and Midale Units,
                     the Company assumed a 10% change for the oil equivalent price assumptions, taking the oil price from
                     an average of C$63.29/boe to C$75.09/boe and C$91.77/boe, respectively, while holding all other
                     assumptions constant. In addition, the Company assumed a positive and negative 300 basis point
                     change for the discount rate assumption, taking it from 8% to 5% and 11%, while holding all other
                     assumptions constant. For the Red Lake (Phoenix) royalty, the Company assumed a 10% change for the
                     gold price assumption, taking the gold price from an average of $1,188/ounce to $1,069/ounce and
                     $1,307/ounce, respectively, while holding all other assumptions constant. In addition, the Company
                     assumed a positive and negative 300 basis point change for the discount rate, taking it from 5% to 2%
                     and 8%, while holding all other assumptions constant.
                     The table below shows the impairment amounts when key assumptions are changed, in isolation:
                                                                                                          2015
                                                                                                 Carrying    Impairment
                                                                                                  Value        Charge
                     Impairment recorded in statement of income                                $     318.3 $       62.9

                     Impairment recorded if, in isolation:
                       10% decrease in commodity prices
                        Oil CGUs                                                               $      256.8       $     107.8
                        Red Lake (Phoenix)                                                              4.6               12
                                                                                               $      261.4       $     119.8
                        10% increase in commodity prices
                         Oil CGUs                                                              $      358.1       $       6.4
                         Red Lake (Phoenix)                                                             5.9              10.8
                                                                                               $      364.0       $      17.2
                        300 basis point decrease to the discount rate
                         Oil CGUs                                                              $      359.6       $       4.9
                         Red Lake (Phoenix)                                                             7.2               9.5
                                                                                               $      366.8       $      14.4
                        300 basis point increase to the discount rate
                         Oil CGUs                                                              $      251.8       $     112.7
                         Red Lake (Phoenix)                                                             3.9              12.8
                                                                                               $      255.7       $     125.5




                                                                          26




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                              215/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)



                     c) Disposals of Royalties, Streams and Working Interests
                          In October 2016, Kirkland Lake Gold (“Kirkland Lake”) exercised its option to buy back 1% of an
                          overlying 2.5% net smelter return royalty for an aggregate cash consideration of $30.3 million
                          ($36.0 million less royalty proceeds attributable to the buyback portion of the NSR paid to Franco-
                          Nevada prior to the effective date of the buyback). The carrying value of the NSR portion subject
                          to the buyback was $16.2 million. The Company recognized a gain on disposal of $14.1 million in
                          the consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended
                          December 31, 2016.
                     Note 9 – Other assets
                     Other assets comprise the following:
                                                                                                           2016               2015
                      Prepaid gold                                                                 $         7.1 $             14.1
                      Oil & gas well equipment, net                                                         14.0               16.4
                      Furniture and fixtures, net                                                            0.7                0.7
                      Debt issue costs                                                                       1.6                —
                                                                                                   $        23.4 $             31.2

                     Note 10 – Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities
                     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities comprise the following:
                                                                                                           2016               2015
                      Accounts payable                                                              $        9.6 $              6.2
                      Accrued liabilities                                                                   11.4               11.8
                                                                                                    $       21.0 $             18.0

                     Note 11 - Fair value measurements
                     Fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement. For some assets and
                     liabilities, observable market transactions or market information might be available. For other assets
                     and liabilities, observable market transactions and market information might not be available. However,
                     the objective of a fair value measurement in both cases is the same — to estimate the price at which an
                     orderly transaction to sell the asset or to transfer the liability would take place between market
                     participants at the measurement date under current market conditions (i.e. an exit price at the
                     measurement date from the perspective of a market participant that holds the asset or owes the
                     liability).
                     The fair value hierarchy establishes three levels to classify the inputs to valuation techniques used to
                     measure fair value.
                          · Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
                          · Level 2 inputs are quoted prices in markets that are not active, quoted prices for similar assets or
                            liabilities in active markets, inputs other than quoted prices observable for the asset or liability (for
                            example, interest rate and yield curves observable at commonly quoted intervals, forward pricing
                            curves used to value currency and commodity contracts and volatility measurements used to value
                            option contracts), or inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market
                            data or other means.
                          · Level 3 inputs are unobservable (supported by little or no market activity).
                     The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level 1 inputs and the lowest priority to Level 3
                     inputs.
                     There were no transfers between the levels of the fair value hierarchy during the year ended
                     December 31, 2016.


file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                     216/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      27




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm        217/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)



                     Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis:

                                                     Quoted Prices in        Significant Other         Significant
                                                   Active Markets for              Observable        Unobservable
                                                      Identical Assets                  Inputs             Inputs        Aggregate
                      As at December 31, 2016                (Level 1)                (Level 2)          (Level 3)       Fair Value
                      Cash and cash
                       equivalents                 $               253.0     $                 —     $            —      $        253.0
                      Receivables from
                       provisional gold
                       equivalent sales                                —                      9.8                 —                 9.8
                      Available-for-sale equity
                       investments                                 114.6                      —                   —               114.6
                      Warrants                                        —                       0.9                 —                 0.9
                                                   $               367.6     $               10.7    $            —      $        378.3

                                                          Quoted Prices in       Significant Other     Significant
                                                        Active Markets for             Observable    Unobservable
                                                          Identical Assets                  Inputs         Inputs        Aggregate
                      As at December 31, 2015                    (Level 1)               (Level 2)      (Level 3)        Fair Value
                      Cash and cash equivalents         $            149.2       $              —    $         —         $ 149.2
                      Short-term investments                          18.8                      —              —               18.8
                      Receivables from
                       provisional gold
                       equivalent sales                                —                      9.3                 —                9.3
                      Available-for-sale equity
                       investments                                   64.5                     —                   —               64.5
                      Warrants                                        —                       0.1                 —                0.1
                                                        $           232.5        $            9.4    $            —      $       241.9

                     Fair Values of Financial Assets and Liabilities
                     The fair values of the Company’s remaining financial assets and liabilities, which include receivables,
                     loan receivables, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, approximate their carrying values due to their
                     short-term nature and historically negligible credit losses and/or fair value of collateral.
                     The Company has not offset financial assets with financial liabilities.

                     Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis:
                                                    Quoted Prices in                                       Significant
                                                 Active Markets for     Significant Other                Unobservable
                                                     Identical Assets Observable Inputs                        Inputs        Aggregate
                      As at December 31, 2016               (Level 1)            (Level 2)                   (Level 3)       Fair Value
                      Royalty, stream and
                      working interests          $                — $                  —                 $         2.1       $       2.1
                                                 $                — $                  —                 $         2.1       $       2.1

                                                        Quoted Prices in                               Significant
                                                       Active Markets for     Significant Other      Unobservable
                                                         Identical Assets    Observable Inputs             Inputs        Aggregate
                      As at December 31, 2015                   (Level 1)             (Level 2)         (Level 3)        Fair Value
                      Royalty, stream and
                       working interests               $               —     $                 —     $         302.0     $       302.0
                      Oil well equipment                               —                       —                16.3              16.3
                                                       $               —     $                 —     $         318.3     $       318.3



file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                        218/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      28




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm        219/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)



                     The valuation techniques that are used to measure fair value are as follows:
                     a)      Cash and cash equivalents
                     The fair values of cash and cash equivalents, including interest bearing deposits, are classified within
                     Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices in active
                     markets.
                     b)               Receivables
                     The fair values of receivables arising from gold and platinum group metal sales contracts that contain
                     provisional pricing mechanisms are determined using the appropriate quoted forward prices from the
                     exchange that is the principal active market for the particular metal. As such, these receivables are
                     classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
                     c)               Investments
                     The fair values of publicly-traded investments, including available-for-sale equity investments, are
                     determined based on a market approach reflecting the closing prices of each particular security at the
                     statement of financial position date. The closing prices are quoted market prices obtained from the
                     exchange that is the principal active market for the particular security, and therefore are classified
                     within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.
                     The fair values of warrants are estimated using the Black-Scholes pricing model which requires the use
                     of inputs that are observable in the market. As such, these investments are classified within Level 2 of
                     the fair value hierarchy.
                     d) Royalty, stream, and working interests and oil well equipment
                     The fair values of royalty, stream, and working interests and oil well equipment are determined
                     primarily using a market approach using unobservable discounted future cash-flows and cash-flow and
                     revenue multiples. As a result, the fair values are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.


                     Note 12 – Financial Risk Management
                     The Company’s financial instruments are comprised of financial assets and liabilities. The Company’s
                     principal financial liabilities comprise accounts payable, accrued liabilities and debt. The Company’s
                     principal financial assets are cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, receivables and
                     investments. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to manage short-term cash flow and
                     working capital requirements and fund future acquisitions.
                     The Company is engaged in the business of acquiring, managing and creating resource royalties and
                     streams. Royalties and streams are interests that provide the right to revenue or production from the
                     various properties, after deducting specified costs, if any. These activities expose the Company to a
                     variety of financial risks, which include direct exposure to market risks (which includes commodity
                     price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk), credit risk, liquidity risk and capital risk
                     management.
                     Management designs strategies for managing some of these risks, which are summarized below. The
                     Company’s executive management oversees the management of financial risks. The Company’s
                     executive management ensures that our financial risk-taking activities are governed by appropriate
                     policies and procedures and that financial risks are identified, measured and managed in accordance
                     with the Company’s policies and risk appetite.
                     The Company’s overall objective from a risk management perspective is to safeguard its assets and
                     mitigate risk exposure by focusing on security rather than yield.
                     a)   Market Risk
                     Market risk is the risk that changes in market factors, such as commodity prices, foreign exchange rates
                     or interest rates, will affect the value of the Company’s financial instruments. The Company manages
                     market risk by either accepting it or mitigating it through the use of economic strategies.


file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                               220/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      29




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm        221/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)



                     Commodity Price Risk
                     The Company’s royalties/streams are subject to fluctuations from changes in market prices of the
                     underlying commodities. The market prices of gold, silver, platinum, palladium and oil are the primary
                     drivers of the Company’s profitability and ability to generate free cash flow. All of the Company’s
                     future revenue is not hedged in order to provide shareholders with full exposure to changes in the
                     market prices of these commodities.
                     Foreign Exchange Risk
                     The functional currencies of the Company’s entities include the Canadian, U.S. and Australian dollars
                     with the reporting currency of the Company being the U.S. dollar. The Company is primarily exposed
                     to currency fluctuations relative to the U.S. dollar on balances and transactions that are denominated
                     and settled in Canadian dollars and Australian dollars. The Company has exposure to the Canadian
                     dollar through its oil & gas activities and corporate administration costs. Consequently, fluctuations in
                     the U.S. dollar exchange rate against these currencies increase the volatility of depletion, corporate
                     administration costs and overall net earnings, when translated into U.S. dollars.
                     The Company invests its cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments in U.S. and Canadian
                     dollar denominated interest-bearing deposits on a ratio of 78% to 6%, respectively, and 16% in other
                     currencies, as at December 31, 2016.
                     During the year ended December 31, 2016, the U.S. dollar weakened in relation to the Canadian dollar
                     and upon the translation of the Company’s assets and liabilities held in Canada, the Company recorded
                     a currency translation adjustment income of $21.3 million in other comprehensive income (2015 —
                     loss of $163.4 million).
                     Interest Rate Risk
                     Interest rate risk refers to the risk that the value of a financial instrument or cash flows associated with
                     the instrument will fluctuate due to changes in market interest rates. As at December 31, 2016, the
                     Company’s interest rate exposure arises mainly from the interest receipts on cash, cash equivalents and
                     short-term investments.
                     The following table shows the approximate interest rate sensitivities of our financial assets and
                     liabilities as at December 31:
                                                             Effect on Net Income                     Effect on Equity
                                                             2016               2015                2016             2015
                     0.5% increase                       $         (1.0) $            (1.7) $           (1.0) $          (1.7)
                     0.5% decrease                                  1.0                 1.7              1.0              1.7
                     b)   Credit Risk
                     Credit risk is the risk that a third party might fail to fulfill its performance obligations under the terms
                     of a financial instrument. Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments,
                     receivables and loan receivables. The Company closely monitors its financial assets and maintains its
                     cash deposits in several high-quality financial institutions and as such does not have any significant
                     concentration of credit risk.
                     As at December 31, 2016, the Company is unaware of any information which would cause it to believe
                     that these financial assets are not fully recoverable.
                     c)   Liquidity Risk
                     Liquidity risk is the risk of loss from not having access to sufficient funds to meet both expected and
                     unexpected cash demands. The Company manages its exposure to liquidity risk through prudent
                     management of its statement of financial position, including maintaining sufficient cash balances and
                     access to undrawn credit facilities. The Company has in place a planning and budgeting process to help
                     determine the funds required to support the Company’s normal operating requirements on an ongoing
                     basis. Management continuously monitors and reviews both actual and forecasted cash flows, including
                     acquisition activities.



file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                 222/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      30




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm        223/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)



                     As at December 31, 2016, the Company held $253.0 million in either cash, cash equivalents or highly-
                     liquid investments (2015 – $168.0 million). All of the Company’s financial liabilities are due within
                     one year. The Company’s near-term cash requirements include corporate administration costs, certain
                     costs of sales, including the ore purchase commitments described in Note 20(a), dividends and income
                     taxes directly related to the recognition of royalty, stream and working interest revenues. In addition,
                     the Company is committed to fund under its precious metals stream agreements as described in Note
                     20(b).
                     d)   Capital Risk Management
                     The Company’s primary objective when managing capital is to provide a sustainable return to
                     shareholders through managing and growing the Company’s resource asset portfolio while ensuring
                     capital protection. The Company defines capital as its cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments
                     and long-term investments which is managed by the Company’s management subject to approved
                     policies and limits by the Board of Directors.
                     There were no changes in the Company’s approach to capital management during the year ended
                     December 31, 2016 compared to the prior year. The Company is not subject to material externally
                     imposed capital requirements or significant financial covenants or capital requirements with our
                     lenders. The Company is in compliance with all its covenants under its credit facility as at
                     December 31, 2016.
                     As at December 31, 2016, the Company has cash, cash equivalents and available-for-sale short-term
                     investments totaling $253.0 million (2015 – $168.0 million), long-term investments totaling $147.4
                     million (2015 – $94.8 million), of which $114.6 million (2015 – $64.5 million) are held in liquid
                     securities. The Company also has $1.0 billion (2015 – $540.0 million) available under its unsecured
                     revolving term credit facility. All of these sources of capital were available for growing the Company’s
                     asset portfolio and paying dividends.
                     Note 13 – Revolving term credit facility
                     The Company has a five year $1.0 billion unsecured revolving term credit facility (the “Credit
                     Facility”). In 2015, the Company amended its Credit Facility by increasing the available credit from
                     $500.0 million to $1.0 billion and extending the term to November 12, 2020. Subsequent to December
                     31, 2016, the term was further extended to March 22, 2022.
                     On March 7, 2016 and March 21, 2016, the Company repaid $230.0 million on each date on the Credit
                     Facility (2015 - $20.0 million). As at December 31, 2016, no amount is withdrawn under the Credit
                     Facility and the entire $1.0 billion facility remains available.
                     On October 6, 2015 and October 21, 2015, the Company drew $250.0 million and $230.0 million,
                     respectively, under its Credit Facility to fund a portion of the Antamina and Cobre Panama transactions
                     (See Note 4(a) and 4(b) — Acquisitions and Transactions). The funds were drawn as 30-day Libor
                     loans with the associated interest rate based on 30-day Libor rates plus 1.20%. On December 7, 2015,
                     the Company repaid $20.0 million under its Credit Facility and as at December 31, 2015, the Company
                     had $460.0 million outstanding under its Credit Facility. At December 31, 2015, the Credit Facility was
                     presented net of unamortized debt issue costs in the amount of $2.7 million.
                     Interest associated with the drawdowns totaled $1.5 million for 2015 with $0.8 million being expensed
                     and $0.7 million being capitalized to the Cobre Panama stream interest.
                     Advances under the Credit Facility can be drawn as follows:
                     U.S. dollars
                          · Base rate advances with interest payable monthly at the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce
                            (“CIBC”) base rate, plus between 0.20% and 1.20% per annum depending upon the Company’s
                            leverage ratio; or
                          · LIBOR loans for periods of 1, 2, 3 or 6 months with interest payable at a rate of LIBOR, plus
                            between 1.20% and 2.20% per annum, depending on the Company’s leverage ratio.



file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                             224/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      31




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm        225/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)



                     Canadian dollars
                          · Prime rate advances with interest payable monthly at the CIBC prime rate, plus between 0.20%
                            and 1.20% per annum, depending on the Company’s leverage ratio; or
                          · Bankers’ acceptances for a period of 30 to 180 days with a stamping fee calculated on the face
                            amount between 1.20% and 2.20%, depending on the Company’s leverage ratio.
                     All loans are readily convertible into loans of other types, described above, on customary terms and
                     upon provision of appropriate notice. Borrowings under the Credit Facility are guaranteed by certain of
                     the Company’s subsidiaries and are unsecured.
                     The Credit Facility is subject to a standby fee of 0.24% to 0.44% per annum, depending on the
                     Company’s leverage ratio, even if no amounts are outstanding under the Credit Facility. As at
                     December 31, 2016, a balance of $2.2 million related to debt issue costs is remaining to be amortised
                     over the remaining term of the Credit Facility (2015 – $2.7 million). As at December 31, 2016, there
                     was no balance (2015 – $460.0 million) outstanding under the Credit Facility.
                     For the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company recognized debt issuance cost amortization
                     expense of $0.6 million (2015 – $0.6 million) and $2.2 million (2015 – $1.5 million) of standby and
                     administrative fees in the consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income (loss). The
                     unamortized debt issue costs associated with the Credit Facility are included in prepaid expenses and
                     other current assets, and other non-current assets.

                     Note 14 – Revenue
                     Revenue is comprised of the following:
                                                                                                          2016        2015
                      Mineral royalties                                                                 $ 169.3     $ 149.4
                      Mineral streams                                                                     401.6       257.5
                      Sale of prepaid gold                                                                  9.2         8.7
                      Oil & gas interests                                                                  30.1        28.0
                      Total                                                                             $ 610.2     $ 443.6

                     Note 15 – Costs of sales
                     Costs of sales are comprised of the following:
                                                                                                          2016        2015
                      Per ounce stream purchase cost                                                    $  95.6     $  80.1
                      Cost of prepaid ounces                                                                6.5         6.6
                      Oil & gas operating costs                                                             3.2         3.8
                      Mineral production taxes                                                              0.5         2.6
                      Total                                                                             $ 105.8     $ 93.1




                                                                        32




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                            226/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)


                     Note 16 – Related party disclosures
                     Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning,
                     directing and controlling the activities of the Company. Key management personnel include the Board
                     of Directors and the executive management team. In 2016, the executive management team was
                     comprised of the President and Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Senior Vice
                     President, Business Development, and the Chief Legal Officer. In 2015, the executive management
                     team also included the Chief Operating Officer, whom retired in April 2016. Compensation for key
                     management personnel of the Company was as follows:

                                                                                                                                          2016             2015
                       Short-term benefits(1)                                                                                           $   4.5          $   2.6
                       Share-based payments(2)                                                                                              5.1              4.1
                       Total                                                                                                            $   9.6          $   6.7
                     1 Includes salary, benefits and short-term accrued incentives/other bonuses earned in the period.
                     2 Represents the expense of stock options, restricted share units earned and mark-to-market charges on deferred share units during the year.


                     Note 17 - Income taxes

                     Income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 was as follows:
                                                                                                   For the year ended
                                                                                                        December 31,
                                                                                                      2016       2015
                       Current income tax expense
                          Expense for the year                                                    $ 35.5 $ 25.4
                          Adjustment in respect of prior years                                          5.4        0.7
                       Current income tax expense                                                      40.9       26.1
                       Deferred income tax expense (recovery)
                          Origination and reversal of temporary differences in the current year        15.3       (3.8)
                          Impact of changes in tax rate                                                (0.8)       1.3
                          Change in (reversal of) unrecognized deductible temporary differences        (4.4)       0.9
                          Adjustments in respect of prior years                                        (4.3)      (1.4)
                          Other                                                                        (1.0)       0.8
                       Deferred income tax expense                                                      4.8       (2.2)
                       Total                                                                      $ 45.7 $ 23.9

                     A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes computed at the combined Canadian federal and
                     provincial statutory rate to the provision for income taxes as shown in the consolidated statement of
                     income and comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, is as
                     follows:

                                                                                                                                           2016                 2015
                       Net income before income taxes                                                                                   $ 167.9           $      48.5
                       Statutory tax rate                                                                                                26.6%                26.1%
                       Tax expense at statutory rate                                                                                        44.7                 12.7
                       Reconciling items:
                          Change in (reversal of) unrecognized deductible temporary differences                                                (4.4)             0.9
                          Income/expenses not (taxed) deductible                                                                               (1.9)             5.2
                          Differences in foreign statutory tax rates                                                                            4.8             (2.8)
                          Differences due to changing future tax rates                                                                         (0.8)             1.3
                          Foreign withholding tax                                                                                               1.8              1.4
                          Temporary differences subject to initial recognition exemption                                                        0.5              5.5
                          Other                                                                                                                 1.0             (0.3)
                       Net income tax expense                                                                                           $      45.7       $     23.9




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                                     227/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      33




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm        228/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)


                     Income tax (expense) recovery recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) is as follows:
                                                                   2016                                2015
                                                                               After                               After
                                                       Before        Tax       Tax       Before         Tax        Tax
                                                                                          Tax
                                                      Tax Gain    Expense      Gain       Loss      Recovery       Loss
                       Change in market value of
                       available-for-sale
                       investments                  $     46.0 $       (3.7) $ 42.3 $ (27.5) $             1.6 $ (25.9)
                       Cumulative translation
                       adjustment                         21.3           —      21.3     (163.4)            —     (163.4)
                       Other comprehensive loss     $     67.3 $       (3.7) $ 63.6 $ (190.9) $            1.6 $ (189.3)
                       Deferred tax                 $      — $         (3.7) $    — $        — $           1.6 $      —

                     The significant components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities as at December 31, 2016 and
                     2015, respectively, are as follows:
                                                                                                    2016              2015
                      Deferred income tax assets:
                         Deductible temporary differences relating to:
                           Royalty, stream and working interests                             $       10.7  $            3.7
                           Non-capital loss carry-forwards                                           11.2              12.2
                           Investments                                                                 —                0.3
                           Other                                                                     (0.6)             (0.1)
                                                                                             $       21.3  $           16.1

                      Deferred income tax liabilities:
                        Taxable temporary differences relating to:
                           Share issue and debt issue costs                                     $      (9.7)   $        (2.6)
                           Royalty, stream and working interests                                       54.2             40.5
                           Non-capital loss carry-forwards                                             (4.4)            (3.2)
                           Investments                                                                 (0.1)            (0.4)
                           Other                                                                       (2.5)            (1.1)
                                                                                                $      37.5    $        33.2
                      Deferred income tax liabilities, net                                      $      16.2    $        17.1
                     Deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset where they relate to income taxes levied by the same
                     taxation authority and the Company has the legal right and intent to offset.
                     The analysis of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities is as follows:
                                                                                                       2016            2015
                     Deferred income tax assets:
                       Deferred income tax asset to be recovered within 12 months                $       0.1   $         1.8
                       Deferred income tax asset to be recovered after more than 12
                         months                                                                         21.2            14.3
                                                                                                 $      21.3   $        16.1
                     Deferred income tax liabilities:
                       Deferred income tax liability to be settled within 12 months                      1.2            (1.2)
                       Deferred income tax liability to be settled after more than 12
                         months                                                                         36.3            34.4
                                                                                                 $      37.5   $        33.2
                     Deferred income tax liabilities, net                                        $      16.2   $        17.1




                                                                          34


file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                              229/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   230/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)



                     Movement in net deferred taxes:
                                                                                                         2016           2015
                      Balance, beginning of year                                                  $       17.1 $         26.4
                        Recognized in profit/loss                                                          4.8           (2.2)
                        Recognized in other comprehensive income (loss)                                    3.7           (1.6)
                        Recognized in equity                                                             (10.0)          (0.2)
                        Other                                                                              0.6           (5.3)
                      Deferred income tax liabilities, net                                        $       16.2 $         17.1

                     The following table summarizes the Company’s non-capital losses at December 31, 2016 that can be
                     applied against future taxable profit:
                     Country                                                        Type              Amount     Expiry Date
                                                                                    Non-
                     Canada                                                     Capital Losses    $      62.0      2027-2036
                     Unrecognized deferred tax assets and liabilities
                     The aggregate amount of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, for
                     which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognized as at December 31, 2016 is $324.8 million
                     (December 31, 2015 – $335.3 million). No deferred tax liabilities are recognized on the temporary
                     differences associated with investment in subsidiaries because the company controls the timing of
                     reversal and it is not probable that they will reverse in the foreseeable future.
                     The aggregate amount of deductible temporary differences associated with other items, for which
                     deferred tax assets have not been recognized as at December 31, 2016 is $3.7 million (December 31,
                     2015 - $52.7million). No deferred tax asset is recognized in respect of these items because it is not
                     probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the company can utilize the benefit.

                     Note 18 - Shareholders’ equity
                     a)           Common shares
                     The Company’s authorized capital stock includes an unlimited number of common shares (issued
                     178,482,139 common shares) having no par value and preferred shares issuable in series (issued - nil).
                     During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company issued 545,576 common shares (2015 –
                     777,440) upon the exercise of stock options and warrants for proceeds of $16.3 million (2015 - $6.3
                     million), and 66,032 upon vesting of restricted share units (2015 – 46,589). In addition, 588,182
                     common shares (2015 – 750,111) were issued pursuant to the terms of the Company’s Dividend
                     Reinvestment Plan (“DRIP”) for the year ended December 31, 2016.
                     On February 19, 2016, the Company completed a bought deal financing with a syndicate of
                     underwriters for 19.2 million common shares at $47.85 per common share. The net proceeds to the
                     Company were $883.5 million after deducting share issue costs and expenses of $36.6 million. The
                     Company recorded a deferred tax asset of $10.4 million relating to the share issue costs.
                     b)                Dividends
                     The Company declared dividends in the amount of $156.8 million (2015 - $129.0 million), or $0.87 per
                     share (2015 - $0.83 per share), in the year ended December 31, 2016. The Company paid cash
                     dividends in the amount $118.1 million (2015 - $94.1 million) and issued common shares pursuant to
                     its DRIP valued at $38.7 million (2015 - $34.9 million), in the year ended December 31, 2016.

                     c)       Stock-based payments
                     On November 12, 2007, the Company’s Board of Directors adopted a stock option plan, which was
                     replaced by the Company’s share compensation plan covering both stock options and RSUs effective
                     May 12, 2010 (the “Plan”). Pursuant to the Plan, the Company may grant incentive stock options to
                     directors, officers, employees and consultants at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The exercise
                     price and vesting period of any option
file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                              231/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      35




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm        232/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)


                     is fixed by the Board of Directors on the date of grant. The term of options is at the sole discretion of
                     the Board of Directors but may not exceed ten years from the date of grant. Options expire on the
                     earlier of the expiry date or the date of termination. Options are non-transferable. The options granted
                     will be adjusted in the event of an amalgamation, rights offering, share consolidation or subdivision or
                     other similar adjustments of the share capital of the Company. The aggregate number of common shares
                     that may be issued under the Plan is limited to 5,700,876 common shares. Within any one-year period,
                     the number of common shares issued to any single insider participant under the Plan shall not exceed
                     5% of the common shares then issued and outstanding.

                     During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company granted 263,568 stock options (2015 —
                     213,852) to directors and employees at a weighted average exercise price of C$75.45 (2015 —
                     C$63.61). These ten-year term options vest over three years in equal portions on the anniversary of the
                     grant date. The fair value of stock options granted during 2016 has been determined to be $4.3 million
                     (2015 - $2.6 million).

                     The fair value of the options was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and utilized
                     the following weighted average assumptions, and resulted in a weighted average fair value of C$21.78
                     per stock option (2015 — C$16.82 per stock option):

                                                                                                      2016            2015
                     Risk-free interest rate                                                          0.66 %          0.84 %
                     Expected dividend yield                                                          1.54 %          1.78 %
                     Expected price volatility of the Company’s common shares                         37.7 %          35.1 %
                     Expected life of the option                                                    5 years         5 years
                     Forfeiture rate                                                                     0%              0%

                     During the year ended December 31, 2016, an expense of $2.3 million (2015 - $2.3 million) related to
                     stock options has been included in the consolidated statement of income and other comprehensive
                     income (loss) and $0.3 million was capitalized to royalty, stream and working interest, net (2015 - $0.5
                     million). As at December 31, 2016, there is $5.3 million (2015 - $3.6 million) of total unrecognized
                     non-cash stock-based compensation expense relating to stock options granted under the Plan, which is
                     expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.4 years (2015 — 1.4 years).

                     Options to purchase common shares of the Company that have been granted in accordance with the
                     Plan and pursuant to other agreements are as follows:

                                                                           2016                            2015
                                                                              Weighted                        Weighted
                                                                           average exercise                average exercise
                                                             Number             price          Number           price
                     Stock options outstanding,
                     beginning of year                       1,592,480     C$        46.67    2,156,068    C$         31.81
                     Granted                                   263,568     C$        75.45      213,852    C$         63.61
                     Exercised                                (545,087)    C$        39.25     (777,440)   C$         18.32
                     Forfeited                                  (6,633)    C$        58.35           —                   —
                     Stock options outstanding, end of
                     the year                                1,304,328     C$        50.64    1,592,480    C$         46.67

                     Exercisable stock options, end of the
                     year                                     825,875      C$        39.72    1,195,625    C$         37.55



                                                                          36




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                              233/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)


                     Options to purchase common shares outstanding at December 31, 2016, exercise prices and weighted
                     average lives to maturity as follows:

                                                                                                                   Weighted
                                      Exercise                  Options                   Options                average life
                                         price              outstanding                exercisable                   (years)
                                      C$15.20                   106,450                   106,450                       0.97
                                      C$15.41                    10,000                    10,000                       1.89
                                      C$18.91                    75,000                    75,000                       1.64
                                      C$27.62                    50,000                    50,000                       3.00
                                      C$31.39                    60,000                    60,000                       3.39
                                      C$31.45                    40,000                    40,000                       3.71
                                      C$33.12                     1,500                      1,500                       3.9
                                      C$33.20                     1,000                      1,000                      3.98
                                      C$40.87                   102,681                   102,681                       6.95
                                      C$42.43                     4,500                      4,500                      5.25
                                      C$42.67                     8,000                      8,000                      4.92
                                      C$45.85                    18,500                    18,500                       6.88
                                      C$46.17                   100,000                   100,000                       6.64
                                      C$55.38                    62,750                    62,750                       5.95
                                      C$59.52                   189,591                   115,232                       7.95
                                      C$58.67                    65,000                    21,667                       8.40
                                      C$65.76                   145,788                    48,595                       8.95
                                      C$75.45                   263,568                         —                       9.95
                                                              1,304,328                   825,875                       6.67

                     d)          Share Purchase Warrants

                     Outstanding share purchase warrants as at December 31, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:
                                                                                               2016       2015
                     Warrants outstanding, beginning of the year                         6,510,769 6,510,769
                     Exercised                                                                 (489)         -
                     Warrants outstanding, end of the year                               6,510,280 6,510,769

                     The warrants have a C$75.00 per warrant exercise price and expire on June 16, 2017 (“2017
                     Warrants”).
                     e)          Deferred Share Unit Plan
                     Under the DSU Plan, non-executive directors may choose to convert all or a percentage of their
                     directors’ fees into DSUs. The directors must elect to convert their fees prior to January 1 in each year.
                     In addition, the Company may award DSUs to non-executive directors as compensation.
                     DSUs earn dividend equivalents in the form of additional DSUs at the same rate as dividends on
                     common shares. Participants are not allowed to redeem their DSUs until retirement or termination of
                     directorship. For DSUs that have been credited upon the conversion of directors’ fees, the DSUs vest
                     immediately. The cash value of the DSUs at the time of redemption is equivalent to the market value of
                     the Company’s common shares when redemption takes place.
                     During the year ended December 31, 2016, 19,209 DSUs and Dividend Equivalent DSUs were granted
                     to directors under the DSU Plan (2015 — 11,863) in connection with the conversion of directors’ fees.
                     The value of the DSU liability as at December 31, 2016, was $3.8 million (2015 - $2.0 million). The
                     mark-to-market adjustment recorded for the year ended December 31, 2016, in respect of the DSU
                     Plan, was $0.2 million (2015 - $0.2 million).


                                                                          37



file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                               234/241
10/10/2026, 21:11




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm   235/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)


                     f)            Restricted Share Units
                     Under the Plan, employees and officers may be granted performance-based or time-based RSUs. When
                     each RSU vests, the holder is entitled to one common share for no additional consideration.
                     Performance-based RSUs vest at the end of a three year period following the achievement of certain
                     performance criteria and target settlement will range from 0% to 100% of the value. Time-based RSUs
                     vest over a three year period on the anniversary of the date of grant.
                     During the year ended December 31, 2016, 25,611 performance-based RSUs (2015 — 31,971) and
                     25,164 time-based RSUs (2015 — 31,467) were awarded to management of the Company. The fair
                     value of the RSUs, which is determined with reference to the weighted average trading price of the
                     Company’s common shares over the five trading days immediately preceding the date of issuance
                     granted, was determined to be $2.9 million in 2016 (2015 - $3.0 million). Included in the Company’s
                     stock-based compensation expense is an amount of $2.7 million (2015 – $2.2 million) relating to RSUs.
                     In addition, $0.3 million related to the RSUs was capitalised to royalty, stream and working interest, net
                     (2015 – $0.5 million). As at December 31, 2016, there is $4.1 million (2015 – $4.3 million) of total
                     unrecognized non-cash stock-based compensation expense relating to non-vested restricted share units
                     granted under the Plan, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.5 years
                     (2015 — 1.5 years).
                     g)         Outstanding Share Purchase Warrants, Incentive Stock Options, Special Warrants and
                     Restricted Share Units
                     The following table sets out the maximum shares that would be outstanding if all of the share purchase
                     warrants, incentive stock options and restricted share units, at December 31, 2016 and 2015,
                     respectively, were exercised:


                                                                                                                                  2016                   2015
                     Common shares outstanding                                                                              178,482,139            158,054,349
                     Stock options                                                                                            1,304,328              1,592,480
                     Warrants                                                                                                 6,510,280              6,510,769
                     Special Warrant(1)                                                                                       2,000,000              2,000,000
                     Restricted Share Units                                                                                     138,614                158,712
                                                                                                                            188,435,361            168,316,310
                     1. In connection with a transaction with Taseko Mines Limited, one special warrant was granted to Taseko which is exchangeable into 2,000,000
                        purchase share warrants once Taseko’s New Prosperity project gets fully permitted and financed. Each purchase share warrant will entitle Taseko
                        to purchase one common share of the Company at a price of C$75.00 before June 16, 2017. New Prosperity’s most recent permit application was
                        denied.


                     Note 19 – Earnings per share (“EPS”)
                                                                                                                                                           2016
                                                                                                      Earnings                   Shares               Per Share
                                                                                                   (Numerator)             (Denominator)                Amount
                       Basic EPS                                                                   $     122.2                     175.2              $     0.70
                       Effect of dilutive securities                                                        —                        1.2                   (0.01)
                       Diluted EPS                                                                 $     122.2                     176.4              $     0.69

                     For the year ended December 31, 2016, no stock options (2015 – 148,852) and no warrants (2015 -
                     6,510,769) were excluded in the computation of diluted EPS. Restricted share units totaling 84,094
                      (2015 – 96,856) were excluded from the computation of diluted EPS for the year ended
                     December 31, 2016 due to the performance criteria for the vesting of the RSUs not being measurable as
                     at December 31, 2016.
                                                                                                                     2015
                                                                                   Earnings           Shares Per Share
                                                                               (Numerator) (Denominator)          Amount
                       Basic EPS                                               $       24.6             156.9 $       0.16
                       Effect of dilutive securities                                     —                 —            —
                       Diluted EPS                                             $       24.6             156.9 $       0.16


file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                                                       236/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                                      38




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm        237/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)



                     Note 20 – Commitments
                     (a)         Ore purchase commitments
                     The following table summarizes the Company’s commitments to pay for gold, silver and platinum
                     group metals (“PGM”) pursuant to the associated precious metals agreements:
                                          Attributable Payable
                                       Production to be Purchased             Per Ounce Cash Payment 1,2        Term of         Date of
                                                                                                               Agreement
                     Interest           Gold          Silver       PGM        Gold         Silver      PGM         3
                                                                                                                               Contract

                     Antamina                0%        22.5 %4         0%        n/a            5 %5    n/a      40 years    7-Oct-15
                                                                                                                              10-Feb-
                     Antapaccay              - %6         - %7         0%     20 %8     20 %9           n/a      40 years       16
                     Candelaria             68 %10     68.0 %10        0 % $ 400    $ 4.00              n/a      40 years    6-Oct-14
                     Cobre                                                                                                    2-Nov-
                     Panama                   - %11        - %12       0 % $ 406          $ 6.09        n/a      45 years       15
                                                                                                                             11-Aug-
                     Karma              4.875 %13         0%           0%     20 %14           n/a      n/a      40 years       14
                     Guadalupe             50 %           0%           0 % $ 800               n/a      n/a      40 years    2-Oct-14
                                                                                                                              12-Dec-
                     Sabodala                6 %15        0%           0%     20 %16           n/a      n/a      40 years       13
                     MWS                    25 %          0%           0 % $ 400               n/a      n/a      40 years 17 2-Mar-12
                                                                                                                              5-Nov-
                     Cooke 4              7%            0%         0 % $ 400             n/a        n/a          40 years       09
                     Sudbury 18          50 %           0%        50 % $ 400             n/a     $ 400           40 years    15-Jul-08
                       1 Subject to an annual inflationary adjustment except for Antamina, Antapaccay, Karma, Guadalupe and
                           Sabodala.
                       2 Should the prevailing market price for gold be lower than this amount, the per ounce cash payment will be
                           reduced to the prevailing market price, with the exception of Palmarejo.
                       3 Subject to successive extensions.
                       4 Subject to a fixed payability of 90%. Percentage decreases to 15% after 86 million ounces of silver has been
                           delivered under the agreement.
                       5 Purchase price is 5% of the average silver price at the time of delivery.
                       6 Gold deliveries are referenced to copper in concentrate shipped with 300 ounces of gold delivered for each
                           1,000 tonnes of copper in concentrate shipped, until 630,000 ounces of gold have been delivered. Thereafter,
                           percentage is 30% of gold shipped.
                       7 Silver deliveries are referenced to copper in concentrate shipped with 4,700 ounces of silver delivered for each
                           1,000 tonnes of copper in concentrate shipped, until 10.0 million ounces of silver have been delivered.
                           Thereafter, percentage is 30% of silver shipped.
                       8 Purchase price is 20% of the spot price of gold until 750,000 ounces of gold has been delivered, thereafter the
                           purchase price is 30% of the spot price of gold.
                       9 Purchase price is 20% of the spot price of silver until 12.8 million ounces of silver has been delivered,
                           thereafter the purchase price is 30% of the spot price of silver.
                       10 Percentage decreases to 40% after 720,000 ounces of gold and 12.0 million ounces of silver have been
                            delivered under the agreement.
                       11 Gold deliveries are indexed to copper in concentrate produced from the project. 120 ounces of gold per every
                          1 million pounds of copper produced until 808,000 ounces of gold delivered. Thereafter 81 ounces of gold
                          per 1 million pounds of copper produced to 1,716,188 ounces of gold delivered, thereafter 63.4% of the gold
                          in concentrate.
                       12 Silver deliveries are indexed to copper in concentrate produced from the project. 1,376 ounces of silver per
                          every 1 million pounds of copper produced until 9,842,000 ounces of silver delivered. Thereafter 1,776
                          ounces of silver per 1 million pounds of copper produced to 29,731,000 ounces of silver delivered, thereafter
                          62.1% of the silver
                       13 Gold deliveries are fixed at 15,000 ounces per annum from March 31, 2016 until February 28, 2021.
                          Thereafter, percentage is 4.875%.
                       14 Purchase price is 20% of the average gold price at the time of delivery.

file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                         238/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                       15 Gold deliveries are fixed at 1,875 ounces per month until December 31, 2019. Thereafter, percentage is 6% of
                           gold produced.
                       16 Purchase price is 20% of prevailing market price at the time of delivery.
                       17 Agreement is capped at 312,500 ounces of gold.
                       18 The Company is committed to purchase 50% of the precious metals contained in ore from the properties.
                           Cash payment is based on gold equivalent ounces.


                                                                              39




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                                      239/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)


                     (b)        Cobre Panama Precious Metal Stream

                     The Company is committed to fund the Cobre Panama precious metals stream as described in Note 4(f).

                     Note 21 – Segment Reporting
                     The chief operating decision-maker organizes and manages the business under a single operating
                     segment, consisting of resource sector royalty, stream and working interest acquisitions and
                     management activities directly relating to royalty, stream and working interests. All of the Company’s
                     assets and revenues are attributable to this single operating segment.
                     For the year ended December 31, 2016, three interests generated revenue totaling $92.5 million, $88.5
                     million, and $75.0 million respectively, (2015 – two interests generated revenue totaling $101.6 million
                     and $59.6 million), comprised 15.2%, 14.5% and 12.3%, respectively, (2015 – 22.9% and 13.4%) of
                     revenue. Geographic revenues are separated by the jurisdiction of the entity making the payment.
                     Revenue is earned from the following jurisdictions:
                                                                                                        2016          2015
                     United States                                                                      92.4          78.1
                     Canada                                                                            116.9          97.0
                     Latin America:
                        Peru                                                                           167.5           14.4
                        Chile                                                                           88.4          101.6
                        Other                                                                           47.8           63.7
                     Rest of World                                                                      97.2           88.8
                                                                                                       610.2          443.6

                     Geographic royalty, stream and working interests are presented by the location of the mining operations
                     giving rise to the royalty, stream or working interest.
                                                                                                        2016          2015
                     United States                                                                     502.0         435.6
                     Canada                                                                            610.5         661.5
                     Latin America:
                        Peru                                                                         1,021.7         604.1
                        Chile                                                                          586.1         624.9
                        Panama                                                                         468.9         343.6
                        Other                                                                           64.3          75.0
                     Rest of World                                                                     414.8         512.8
                                                                                                     3,668.3       3,257.5

                     Investments of $147.4 million (2015 - $94.8 million) are held in Canada. Oil & gas well equipment,
                     included in other non-current assets, of $14.0 million (2015 - $16.3 million) is located in Canada.




                                                                        40




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                             240/241
10/10/2026, 21:11
                     FRANCO-NEVADA CORPORATION
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016 and 2015
                     (Expressed in millions of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts)


                     Note 22 – Subsequent events
                     Acquisition of U.S. Oil & Gas Royalties – Midland Basin
                     In March 2017, Franco-Nevada agreed to purchase a portfolio of royalties in the Midland Basin of West
                     Texas, for a price of $110.0 million. The Midland Basin forms the eastern half of the broader Permian
                     basin. The royalties include mineral title which provide a perpetual interest in royalty lands. The
                     transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017.

                     Revolving term credit facilities
                     On March 20, 2017, the Company’s subsidiary, Franco-Nevada (Barbados) Corporation, entered into an
                     unsecured revolving term credit facility (the “FNBC Credit Facility”). The FNBC Credit Facility
                     provides for the availability over a one-year period of up to $100.0 million in borrowings. The FNBC
                     Credit Facility has a maturity date of March 20, 2018. The Company has the option of requesting,
                     during a period of time surrounding each anniversary date, up to two additional one-year extensions of
                     the maturity term. These requests are subject to approval from the lenders.
                     Advances under the FNBC Credit Facility can be drawn as follows:
                          · Base rate advances with interest payable monthly at the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce
                            (“CIBC”) base rate, plus 0.35% per annum; or
                          · LIBOR loans for periods of 1, 2, 3 or 6 months with interest payable at a rate of LIBOR plus
                            1.35% per annum.
                     All loans are readily convertible into loans of other types on customary terms and upon provision of
                     appropriate notice.
                     The FNBC Credit Facility is subject to a standby fee of 0.27% per annum, even if no amounts are
                     outstanding.
                     Further, on March 22, 2017, the Company extended the term of its existing $1 billion Credit Facility to
                     five years, to March 22, 2022 (Note 13).




                                                                        41




file:///tmp/fnv_combined/FY2016.htm                                                                                            241/241
