      ai165087297976̲Mobvista AR2021 Cover̲24.5mm op.pdf 1 25/4/2022 下午3:49




                 2021                                                                                  2021
                                                                              匯量科技有限公司 Mobvista Inc.
                                      年報                                                               ANNUAL REPORT




 C



 M



 Y



CM



MY



CY



CMY



 K




                 （於開曼群島註冊成立的有限公司）                                             年報 2021 Annual Report    (               )

                   股份代號 :
CONTENTS

  2    Corporate Information
  3    Five-Year Financial Summary
  4    Financial Highlights
  5    Letter to Shareholders
  7    Business Review
 35    Management Discussion and Analysis
 60    Profile of Directors and Senior Management
 64    Director’s Report
 85    Corporate Governance Report
 100   Environmental, Social and Governance Report
 134   Independent Auditor’s Report
 142   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
       Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
 143     Other Comprehensive Income
 144   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
 146   Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity
 148   Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
 150   Notes to the Financial Statements
 237   Definitions
 CORPORATE INFORMATION


 BOARD OF                     AUDITOR                           HONG KONG LEGAL
 DIRECTORS                    KPMG                              ADVISER
 Executive Directors          Public Interest Entity Auditor    Ashurst Hong Kong
                                registered in accordance with   11/F, Jardine House
 Mr. DUAN Wei (Chairman)
                                the Financial Reporting         1 Connaught Place
 Mr. CAO Xiaohuan (Chief
                                Council Ordinance               Central
  Executive Officer)
                              8th Floor, Prince’s Building      Hong Kong
 Mr. FANG Zikai
                              10 Chater Road
 Mr. SONG Xiaofei
                              Central, Hong Kong                PRINCIPAL SHARE
 Non-executive Director                                         REGISTRAR AND
                              HEADQUARTERS                      TRANSFER OFFICE
 Mr. WONG Tak-Wai
                              4301–4312 & 4402–4412
                                                                Maples Fund Services
                              Tianying Plaza (East Tower)
 Independent Non-executive                                        (Cayman) Limited
                              No. 222–3 Xingmin Road
 Directors                                                      P.O. Box 1093
                              Zhujiang New Town
                                                                Boundary Hall, Cricket Square
 Mr. YING Lei                 Tianhe District, Guangzhou
                                                                Grand Cayman, KY1-1102
 Mr. HU Jie                   Guangdong Province, PRC
                                                                Cayman Islands
 Mr. SUN Hongbin
                              PRINCIPAL PLACE OF                HONG KONG BRANCH
 COMPANY                      BUSINESS IN HONG
 SECRETARY                                                      SHARE REGISTRAR
                              KONG
                                                                Computershare Hong Kong
 Ms. SO Shuk Yi Betty         40th Floor,                         Investor Services Limited
                              Dah Sing Financial Centre         Shops 1712–1716
 AUTHORISED                   No. 248 Queen’s Road East         17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
 REPRESENTATIVES              Wanchai                           183 Queen’s Road East
                              Hong Kong                         Wanchai
 Mr. CAO Xiaohuan
 Ms. SO Shuk Yi Betty                                           Hong Kong
                              PRINCIPAL OFFICE
 AUDIT COMMITTEE              IN THE CAYMAN                     STOCK CODE
                              ISLANDS                           01860
 Mr. SUN Hongbin (Chairman)
 Mr. YING Lei                 P.O. Box 309, Ugland House
 Mr. HU Jie                   Grand Cayman, KY1-1104            COMPANY’S WEBSITE
                              Cayman Islands
                                                                www.mobvista.com
 REMUNERATION
 COMMITTEE                    PRINCIPAL BANKER
 Mr. YING Lei (Chairman)      The Hong Kong and Shanghai
 Mr. CAO Xiaohuan               Banking Corporation
 Mr. HU Jie                     Limited
                              1 Queen’s Road Central
                              Hong Kong
 NOMINATION
 COMMITTEE
 Mr. DUAN Wei (Chairman)
 Mr. YING Lei
 Mr. HU Jie


2 Mobvista Inc.
                                                       FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY


                                                                  For the Year Ended 31 December
                                                      2021             2020        2019      2018                        2017
                                                   US$’000         US$’000      US$’000   US$’000                     US$’000

Revenue                                             755,412         516,148          500,257          434,727          312,956

Gross profit                                        121,922           82,140         118,763            97,901          82,859

Net (Loss)/Profit for the year                      (24,764)           (5,206)         22,069           21,854          27,320


Non-IFRS measures
  Adjusted EBITDA (1)                                23,533           21,544           51,620           43,190          35,729


Non-IFRS measures
  Adjusted Net (Loss)/Profit (2)                      (3,945)           8,979          40,951           35,269          30,550

Notes:

(1)      We define adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA (which is (loss)/profit from operations plus depreciation and amortization expenses)
         for the year adjusted by adding back share-based compensation expenses and investment loss from financial assets at fair
         value through profit or loss.

(2)      We define adjusted net (loss)/profit as (loss)/profit for the year adjusted by adding back share-based compensation
         expenses, investment loss from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and loss from change in fair value of
         derivative financial liabilities.


                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                      2021             2020        2019       2018                       2017
                                                   US$’000          US$’000     US$’000    US$’000                    US$’000

Non-current assets                                  264,326         102,062            67,353         115,698          108,839

Current assets                                      482,642         395,544          444,132          290,473          210,813

Current liabilities                                 349,531         220,574          238,998          173,592          195,808

Non-current liabilities                              38,079             9,230           6,447               915         33,477

Total equity attributable to
  equity shareholders of the
  Company                                           336,804         267,802          266,040          231,664           90,367


Non-controlling interests                            22,554                 —                —               —                —




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2021 3
 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


                                                                                 For the Year Ended 31 December
                                                                                     2021         2020         YoY
                                                                                 US$’000       US$’000      Change

 Revenue                                                                          755,412            516,148               46.4%

 Net Revenue(1)                                                                   148,692            101,941               45.9%

 Gross profit                                                                     121,922              82,140              48.4%

 Loss for the year                                                                 (24,764)             (5,206)          375.7%


 Non-IFRS measures
   Adjusted EBITDA (2)                                                              23,533             21,544                9.2%


 Non-IFRS measures
   Adjusted net (loss)/profit (3)                                                   (3,945)              8,979          -144.0%

 Notes:

 (1)      The net revenue is not an IFRS measure. We define net revenue as revenue adjusted by deducting cost distributed to the
          traffic publishers.

 (2)      We define adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA (which is loss from operations plus depreciation and amortization expenses) for the
          year adjusted by adding back share-based compensation expenses and investment loss from financial assets at fair value
          through profit or loss.

 (3)      We define adjusted net (loss)/profit as loss for the year adjusted by adding back share-based compensation expenses,
          investment loss from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and loss from change in fair value of derivative
          financial liabilities.




4 Mobvista Inc.
                                                              LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS


To our shareholders,

It has been three years since Mobvista listed in Hong Kong. Our programmatic advertising platform
Mintegral has made incredible progress since then: revenue of the platform in 2021 reached US$575
million, with a three-year CAGR of 96.55%. According to The Performance Index: Edition 14 released by
the Israeli mobile attribution platform AppsFlyer on March 22nd, Mintegral’s performance in the second
half of 2021 for the first time ranked in the top four on both iOS and Android in the global all-category
retention power ranking. This is a significant recognition of the quality of our platform’s users. The
platform was listed in more than 690 rankings covering multiple categories, and ranked first in 12 of the
rankings in Greater China. In 2022, Mintegral will continue towards its goal of US$1 billion in revenue
and maintain its leading position among third-party Chinese advertising platforms going global.

Since its establishment in 2013, Mobvista has focused on serving the market of “China to Global”, but in
2021 we observed a different landscape from the previous 8 years. With the disappearance of China’s
traffic bonus, a large number of developers who originally focused on the domestic market began to
leverage the resources accumulated over the years to enter the international market, and going overseas
which was once a consideration has become table stakes. At the same time, as more and more Chinese
brands succeeded in being known and loved by overseas users, Chinese developers have become more
confident in operating a long-term product with international influence, whether in gaming, social,
e-commerce, or the utilities category. We believe that in 2022 a trend of Chinese brands going overseas
will be unveiled, which is an irreversible long-term change in the structural growth of Chinese enterprises.
Mobvista’s vision is “Be the Bridge”, we hope to build a bridge between the East and West markets to
make global growth simple. 2022 is a new starting point for us on the journey to go overseas, and the
market size has grown significantly which will ensure our team is fully motivated.

After 9 years of development, Mobvista has achieved a qualitative leap in its products and core
capabilities. Nowadays, our solution can provide an overseas toolkit that includes a full range of
functions such as user acquisition, monetization, analytics, creativity, and screening high-quality users
around the world through our programmatic advertising platform to optimize return on investment. In
fact, Mintegral’s retained enterprise customers(1) this year increased their revenue contribution by 84.9%
year-on-year. We have served customers in more than 100 countries and regions, and the localization
experience accumulated from this can greatly reduce the trial-and-error cost of new customers. The
continuous investment in algorithmic engines and dynamic creatives have also formed an effective moat
and enhanced the trust of customers in us. The retention rate of enterprise customers(2) held strong at
91.5%, and the company generated net cash flow from operating activities of US$42.48 million
throughout the year.

If the corporate fundamentals and industry performance have improved over last year, why is the stock
price languishing after a few volatile swings? Benjamin Graham described the stock market as a “voting
machine” in the short run and a “weighing meter” in the long run. Obviously, there were many changes in
the macro environment in 2021, which made the market experience a hot first half of the year and a
much cooler second half. Although we have used the operating data of the first two quarters to confirm
that we have overcome the negative impact of last year’s public opinion events, the market still needs
more time to weigh and measure whether our rapid growth is sustainable and is more focused on
operating expenses and shareholder returns in an uncertain environment.




(1)   Customers that contributed more than US$100,000 in revenue of the Mintegral platform in the past trailing 12 months.

(2)   The ratio of customers who contributed more than US$100,000 in revenue of the Mintegral platform in the trailing 12
      months ended 31 December 2020 are still active in the trailing 12 months ended 31 December 2021.

                                                                                                     Annual Report 2021 5
 Letter to Shareholders




 Our cloud server costs, marketing, and R&D expenses have all increased significantly this year.
 Excluding the impact of asset acquisitions, the increase in operating expenses is mainly due to a few
 factors: Mintegral doubled the number of ad requests processed per day, we have funded additional
 promotions to support the expansion of Greater China and new categories, and lastly have increased our
 investment into growing our team of data science and cloud architects. These investments have brought
 considerable revenue growth this year and boosted the market power of Mobvista, but it is still difficult
 to deliver shareholder returns in the short term.

 Although it will take time, we will have sufficient data to prove that Mobvista is a unique asset at this
 watershed moment of Chinese companies going overseas: we have a comprehensive global platform,
 industry-leading technology, a diversified team with deep international experience, technology and team,
 a large-scale moat, and the advantage of knowing China better than our overseas competitors. We have
 set an exciting annual revenue target for 2022, but also made it clear that to improve profitability, the
 team must use limited resources to charge toward the high growth revenue target and generate stable
 operating cash flow. Thank you to our customers and shareholders who have always trusted us, and we
 look forward to telling you about our progress next year!

 Regards,

 Cao Xiaohuan
 Co-founder and Chief Executive Officer




6 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                    BUSINESS REVIEW


I.   Company Overview
     1.   Company profile
          We are a technology service company based on the global mobile internet ecosystem,
          committed to providing customers with marketing technology services and cloud computing
          technology services needed for business expansion, so that they can focus on the
          development and iteration of mobile applications.

          Through our SaaS tooling matrix, mobile application developers can easily, quickly and
          efficiently implement full spectrum marketing activities, and optimize big data computing
          efficiency and cloud computing resource cost, thereby improving their marketing
          effectiveness and working efficiency.

     2.   Business Modules
          Currently, our SaaS tooling matrix includes two major categories: marketing technology
          software tools and cloud computing tools.

          Among them, marketing technology software tools mainly include advertising technology
          platforms (Mintegral and Nativex) serving advertising transactions, data analytics tools
          (GameAnalytics), etc.; cloud computing tools mainly include SaaS tools (SpotMax) that help
          customers optimize cloud computing resource cost.

          2.1.   Marketing technology business
                 2.1.1. Advertising technology business
                       At present, our advertising technology business is mainly divided into the
                       Mintegral platform and Nativex business. Among these, the Mintegral platform is
                       our core platform.

                       Our customers are primarily mobile application developers.

                       1)    Mintegral platform
                             The Mintegral platform is a programmatic advertising technology platform
                             that integrates a large number of fragmented mobile programmatic traffic.
                             Through an integrated and large-scale programmatic advertising
                             technology platform, it provides customers with user growth and traffic
                             monetization services that reach all channels and global mobile devices.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2021 7
 Business Review




                   Technology Application
                   The platform uses a cloud-native architecture, and the allocation of traffic
                   and budget is driven and optimized by AI algorithms. At present, we
                   maintain a large-scale computing cluster with more than 5,000 core
                   central processing units (“CPUs”) on the cloud, and perform offline
                   algorithm model training and online inference estimation 7x24 hours.

                   At each advertisement request, the Group’s self-developed MindAlpha
                   intelligent inference engine will be used in real time to estimate the
                   advertisement candidate sequence, select and push the most suitable
                   advertisement to the requesting terminal. The whole process does not
                   exceed 10 milliseconds. Since Mintegral platform upgraded its deep
                   neural network DNN model and dynamic creativity optimization algorithm
                   at the end of the second quarter in 2020, MindAlpha has processed more
                   than 10PB of data per day, used more than 10 billion model feature
                   parameters, and used more than 10 trillion online inferences.

                   At present, the Mintegral platform has the full-stack capability of every
                   node in the programmatic advertising transaction link, processing over
                   200 billion daily advertising requests, and continuously self-training and
                   iterating as the data accumulates.

                   Furthermore, in order to solve the problems of “how to meet the
                   requirements of real-time prediction and personalized recommendation
                   with ultra-low latency” and “how to meet the requirements of ultra-large-
                   scale computing and analysis in a very cost-effective way”, we abstracted
                   between the application and the cloud a layer of elastic resource
                   management service, SpotMax, which helps the Mintegral platform build
                   an efficient cloud-native architecture. In the face of deep learning
                   algorithms that further increase the algorithm complexity of the Mintegral
                   platform, we saved 65% of the unit processing cost through our
                   optimized scheduling of the Spot instance.

                   The cooperation of SpotMax and big data computing engine EnginePlus
                   makes Mintegral a global technology-leading advertising technology
                   platform.

                   Customer Distribution
                   From the perspective of customer region distribution, Mintegral’s
                   customers are located in Europe, Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”), China,
                   Asia-Pacific (including Australia, New Zealand and other major Asian
                   countries excluding China), Americas and other regions, distributed in 107
                   countries and regions around the world;




8 Mobvista Inc.
                                                      Business Review




From the perspective of the number of customers, during the Reporting
Period, China had the largest number of customers, accounting for
47.31% of the total, followed by the main Asia-Pacific region, accounting
for 25.45% of the total, while the number of customers in major regions of
EMEA, major regions of the Americas and other regions accounted for
17.24%, 5.19% and 4.81% of the total number of customers respectively;

From the perspective of cumulative impressions, during the Reporting
Period, the cumulative impressions brought by the Mintegral platform to
customers in the main regions of EMEA accounted for the highest
proportion, accounting for 31.77% of the total; secondly, the cumulative
impressions brought to customers in the main Asia-Pacific region
accounted for 28.19% of the total; besides, the cumulative impression
brought to customers in China, main Americas, and other regions
accounted for 27.05%, 7.78% and 5.21% respectively;

From the perspective of customer types, during the Reporting Period,
Mintegral’s main customers were casual game customers, whose revenue
accounted for 65.6% of the Mintegral platform’s revenue. In addition, the
Group is actively expanding customers of hardcore games, e-commerce
and other categories.

Traffic Distribution
From a traffic region distribution perspective, the traffic reached by the
Mintegral platform is spread across EMEA, China, Asia-Pacific (including
Australia, New Zealand and other major Asian countries excluding China),
the Americas and other regions, distributed in 247 countries and regions
around the world, and primarily distributed outside of China in overseas
regions;

From the perspective of the cumulative number of devices reached,
during the Reporting Period, 93.95% were from overseas regions outside
of China and 6.05% were from China; from the perspective of
accumulated impressions, 91.35% were from overseas regions outside of
China, and 8.65% were from China;

From the perspective of traffic types, during the Reporting Period,
Mintegral’s main traffic was casual game vertical traffic, and it also had
vertical traffic in categories such as utility, social and content, and
lifestyle.

Business model
From the perspective of revenue, we charge customers performance-
based advertising fees, that is, fees based on marketing and promotion
performance. Generally, the performance is evaluated based on the
number of users we acquire for each customer (the number of mobile
applications downloaded or installed by users).



                                                     Annual Report 2021 9
   Business Review




                     From a cost perspective, we purchase advertising inventory from traffic
                     publishers to display customer advertisements, and the fee is usually
                     settled with traffic publishers by the number of impressions (i.e., cost per
                     mile (“CPM”) settlement method). Before the purchased advertising
                     inventory actually displays the customer’s advertisement, we do not
                     control the inventory, nor do we have the substantive ability to directly
                     use it. We do not assume inventory risk of advertising.

                     Our costs also include cloud computing resources costs, namely, server
                     costs.


                     From the perspective of gross profit, our gross profit depends on the
                     effectiveness of advertising conversion, that is, although we do not
                     assume inventory risk of advertising, we assume the risk of effectively
                     converting ad impressions to users for our customers. Therefore, the
                     strength of the algorithm and the platform expansion strategy will have an
                     impact on the platform’s gross profit.


                     For example, when the platform adopts an expansion strategy in a certain
                     category, in order to accelerate the platform’s scaled expansion, the
                     platform will purchase traffic within the range of the conversion rate that is
                     required during the development period (generally, lower than the
                     conversion rate in the mature period), in order to improve the aggregation
                     of traffic and the efficiency of the advertising algorithm. Therefore, during
                     this period in the specific category, the gross profit is relatively low, and
                     may have an impact on the overall gross profit of the platform. After
                     reaching a certain scale in this segment, the platform will gradually
                     increase the requirements of the conversion rate of purchasing advertising
                     inventory, so that the gross profit of the specific category and the overall
                     gross profit of the platform will return to the stable range of the mature
                     period.

                     Non-advertising agency/intermediary

                     In Mintegral’s business, we are not an advertising agency, and we are
                     neither involved in obtaining media publishers’ revenue rebates from the
                     sale of advertising inventory of the third party nor obtaining incentives
                     from media publishers based on the sales amount. Therefore, we are not
                     able to provide our customers with rebates or discounts.




10 Mobvista Inc.
                                                           Business Review




Settlement method

Generally, we fulfill our obligations in accordance with the annual
framework agreement signed with the customer, and settle based on the
actual advertising performance of the platform. In many cases, the actual
settlement amount may exceed the initial budget amount agreed in the
contract. Therefore, the platform revenue recognized in a given period is
an important indicator of customer’s satisfaction and platform advertising
performance.

In addition, we generally issue invoices to customers based on the actual
advertising performance in the month following the fulfillment of our
obligations, and customers pay within 30–45 days after sight. Some
customers with good credit may be given a term of up to 60 days after
the receipt of the invoice.

Research and development (“R&D”) team
Our R&D team is composed of related personnel specializing in data science,
algorithms, engineering architecture and cloud computing. The team
members mainly graduated with doctorate and master’s degrees from
Cornell University, Illinois Institute of Technology, Tsinghua University, Peking
University, Zhejiang University, Huazhong University of Science and
Technology, BeiHang University, Xi’an Jiaotong University, Sun Yat-sen
University, Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, with rich
experience in related fields.

At present, we have established a top R&D team in the industry, led by
data scientists, AI algorithm experts, engineering architects, and cloud
computing experts with work experience from Amazon, Alibaba, Baidu
and other leading technology companies. In addition, our R&D personnel
are mainly located in the Beijing office.

Marketing
We use a variety of methods to establish contact with potential
customers, such as content marketing, email marketing, offline events,
etc. At the same time, we participate in or sponsor regional, national and
global exhibitions, including ChinaJoy, etc., in order to attract customers
and potential customers, promote our business and increase brand
awareness. Our sales team cooperates with the marketing department to
actively expand potential customers found in the marketing campaign and
attract them.




                                                          Annual Report 2021 11
   Business Review




                     In marketing, we focus on enhancing the attractiveness to customers
                     through the value provided, rather than exploring new customers or
                     maintaining a good relationship with customers through operational sales.
                     Therefore, the size of our sales team is relatively small.

                     Scale-up and leveraged management model
                     Our business model aligns our growth of revenue with increases in
                     business growth for our customers. The platform’s traffic scale, customer
                     scale, and endogenous algorithm capabilities continue to grow together.

                     With the expansion of aggregated scale of fragmented traffic sources, and
                     the machine learning algorithms that self-iterate and improve
                     continuously, the Mintegral platform continues to improve the efficiency of
                     distribution and monetization, helping customers achieve user growth and
                     optimize the economic effectiveness of customers’ marketing investment.
                     As customers continuously generate greater revenue through our
                     platform, they further cooperate with the platform, maintaining customer
                     stickiness (customer retention) and increase the amount of budget spent
                     on the platform (reflected by average revenue per customer (“ARPU”) or
                     dollar-based net expansion rate).

                     At the same time, as the total revenue and the revenue of a single
                     customer increases, the customer’s lifetime value (“LTV”) increases, and
                     the platform’s R&D and sales expenses diminish marginally, creating
                     strong operating leverage for the platform. In the long run, when the
                     platform reaches a certain scale, the rapid growth of platform revenue
                     and operating leverage will continuously improve the profitability of the
                     platform.

                     Competitive landscape
                     Mintegral is part of a fragmented mobile application ecosystem, which is
                     composed of companies of different sizes and business positioning,
                     including both large companies and private companies. Mintegral primarily
                     competes with advertising technology platforms or advertising networks,
                     such as Google AdMob, Pangle (Pangle ad network of ByteDance),
                     Facebook Audience Network, Unity Software, AppLovin, IronSource,
                     Digital Turbine, Vungle and others.




12 Mobvista Inc.
                                                        Business Review




At present, the entire market is developing rapidly and there are many
participants. However, the scale and technical advantages of the more
mature platforms are strengthened and demonstrated, and at the same
time, the integration and the completeness of their advertising technology
solutions can provide customers with increasing value. A trend of
integration has begun to appear in the industry.

Competitive/cooperative relationship with top media publishers

From the perspective of advertising, customers may advertise through
medium and long-tail traffic that the advertising network platforms of top
media aggregate (not top media publisher’s traffic). In order to increase
the return on investment (“ROI”) of their budgets, they usually choose
several advertising networks or ad technology platforms for advertising,
and allocate budgets based on actual advertising performance. Third-
party independent advertising technology platforms rely on their vertical
and regional advantages and specific traffic segments to attract
customers through high-quality advertising performance, which may have
a competitive relationship with the advertising network platforms of the
top media that aggregate medium and long-tail traffic (not top media
publisher’s traffic).

From a traffic perspective, customers usually pay attention to the actual
advertising performance of different media traffic sources and the ROI of
the investment budget, rather than the media traffic itself. The Mintegral
platform not only aggregates medium and long-tail traffic. Currently, it
also further participates in real-time bidding for programmatic top media
traffic sources. It does not have a strong competitive relationship with top
media traffic sources, but has a certain cooperative relationship.

Competitive advantages

From a traffic perspective, the Mintegral platform has specific vertical
advantages and aggregated traffic resource advantages. The developers
of vertical categories are both our advertisers and traffic suppliers. The
advertisers and traffic naturally form an accurate match, and the platform
has completed the coverage of most of the top developers in vertical
categories. On the one hand, this helps the platform to establish
differentiated competitiveness for vertical categories, allowing us to have a
more detailed and thorough understanding of the customer needs and
ecology of vertical categories; on the other hand, this structural matching
advantage enables us to help developers efficiently complete customer
acquisition and monetization, thus forming our competitive barriers.




                                                       Annual Report 2021 13
   Business Review




                     From an algorithm perspective, we have laid out the user interest
                     modeling algorithm under de-IDFA conditions very early. Different from the
                     technology commonly used in the industry that completely relies on
                     identifier for advertisers (“IDFA”) to obtain long-term interest portraits of
                     users, we focus on the behavioral interest modeling technology that does
                     not violate users’ privacy. In the characterization of users, we have
                     innovated along two dimensions: first, stronger real-time user interest
                     modeling based on contextual information acquisition, in order to obtain
                     users’ timely interest preferences. From our and the industry’s practice,
                     the more real-time, the more effective; second, richer clustering modeling
                     of user interests. As the behavior data of any single user is extremely
                     sparse, this brings great trouble to the characterization of user interest.
                     We have built the hyperscale graph model technology covering billions of
                     users, which is able to cluster together users with similar interest patterns
                     in the data and extract common, more robust and denser clusters of
                     interest. This not only helps protect the privacy of a single user, but also
                     greatly enhances the learning ability of the machine learning model. In
                     addition to the interest modeling technology, we have further added
                     dynamic creative optimization technology to the algorithm, which can
                     achieve the creative display which meets the needs of different people
                     according to the user’s behavior preference, which greatly improves the
                     user’s interactive behavior. In addition, we are trying to introduce
                     reinforcement learning technology into the real-time bidding process of
                     advertisements, so that the bidding agent can perceive the changes more
                     intelligently in the bidding market, and help us adjust the bidding strategy
                     more dynamically, so as to make the conversion relationship between
                     revenue and profit more controllable. Therefore, the Mintegral platform
                     has strong algorithmic advantages.

                     From the perspective of cost, in addition to the large-scale use of
                     machine learning technology for the algorithm, Mintegral has further
                     upgraded the use of cloud servers intelligently. Recently, we are actively
                     deploying personalized computing power technology, that is, using
                     machine learning technology to model the traffic value in the entire
                     computing process, forming a differentiated classification, different traffic
                     matching different algorithm strategies, different strategies matching
                     different computing power. For example, we use a more complex model
                     and more expensive but more powerful graphics processing units
                     (“GPUs”) for high-value traffic, while using a degenerate model that can
                     run on low-spec CPUs for low-value traffic. This maximizes the cost-
                     effectiveness of each computing power, thereby helping us achieve joint
                     optimization of revenue, cost, and profit.

                     From the perspective of positioning, the Mintegral platform, as an
                     independent third-party advertising technology platform, has strengths in
                     openness and transparency, and therefore can better protect the interests
                     of both advertisers and traffic publishers;




14 Mobvista Inc.
                                                             Business Review




     From the perspective of the customer relationship, the Group adheres to
     the strategy of neutrality and tool matrix, does not have first-party content
     business, and therefore does not compete with our customers.

2)   Nativex
     Nativex is a comprehensive marketing business. It has a programmatic
     marketing software platform business linked to top media sources, top
     media agency, and a non-programmatic advertising business.

     i.    A marketing software platform that aggregates top media publishers
           By providing a self-service marketing software platform, the
           platform enables our customers to independently plan, manage,
           monitor, and analyze marketing activities, conduct data-driven
           mobile advertising more efficiently, and obtain clear and real-time
           data analysis. This empowers our customers to optimize their
           marketing activity.

           In addition, the platform integrates and will further integrate access
           to other complementary marketing services, such as our customer
           data platform (CDP), data management platform (DMP), advertising
           creativity intelligent analysis platform, advertising performance
           monitoring platform, advertising anti-fraud tools, etc., thereby
           further simplifying and optimizing customer marketing activities.

           At present, the platform has aggregated a lot of top media
           platforms, such as Google, Meta, Apple Search Ads, Snapchat,
           Tencent social advertising, ByteDance Ocean Engine, etc. In the
           future, other top media platforms will be further aggregated.

           Business model
           Regarding the business income generated by customers from
           advertising and marketing activities through this platform, our
           obligation is to provide customers with the right to use our
           marketing software. Therefore, we recognize revenue through a
           certain percentage based on the ad spend the customer manages
           through the platform.

           During the Reporting Period, the platform is still in the preliminary
           preparation stage, and its contribution to revenue is relatively small.




                                                            Annual Report 2021 15
   Business Review




                               ii.   Non-programmatic advertising business
                                     Non-programmatic marketing business includes top media agency
                                     business, and traditional non-programmatic advertising business.

                                     Among them, traditional non-programmatic advertising business
                                     provides customers with non-programmatic advertising services
                                     across various non-programmatic mobile media channels and
                                     adopts flexible solutions to meet the different needs of different
                                     customers.

                                     During the Reporting Period, the Group took the initiative to reduce
                                     the top media agency business, and decided to withdraw from this
                                     business in November 2021 to further focus on the Group’s
                                     strategies. As of the date of this annual result announcement, we
                                     have completed the divestiture of the top media agency business.
                                     Only traditional non-programmatic advertising businesses with
                                     stable profits and good cash flow are included in the non-
                                     programmatic advertising business.

                   2.1.2. Other marketing business
                         2.1.2.1. GameAnalytics
                               GameAnalytics (“GA”) is our SaaS based in-app data statistical analysis
                               tool. At present, the platform is one of the world’s largest casual and
                               hyper-casual game data statistical analysis platforms.

                               GA can provide game developers with in-depth analysis and insights
                               about their products, enabling them to understand business operations in
                               real time, track key in-app performance indicators, and improve user
                               engagement.

                               Based on the collection of proprietary data in related game fields and the
                               industry insights provided, we launched the industry data analysis
                               premium solution GameIntel, which aims to provide developers with more
                               detailed data analysis and industry comparison information, so that they
                               can gain real-time insights into the competitiveness of their games,
                               understand the potential market status, and glean opportunities into their
                               segment of the gaming market.

                               Target customers
                               The main customers of this product are game developers and top media
                               publishers with game advertising needs.




16 Mobvista Inc.
                                                               Business Review




      Business model
      From the perspective of revenue, the product charges monthly
      subscription fees based on automation features and data analysis
      dimensions. Subscription fees range from US$350 to US$3,000 per
      month. From a cost perspective, we are responsible for ensuring the
      accessibility and stability of the platform, as well as paying server costs to
      external cloud server vendors.

      Development strategy and process
      At present, GA is still at the stage of product development and iteration.
      During the Reporting Period, accelerated market expansion and cross-
      selling products with other business customers of the Group are not the
      main strategies.

2.1.2.2. Reyun Data
      Beijing Reyun Technology Co., Ltd (“Reyun Data”) is a third-party
      platform that focuses on the monitoring of mobile advertising delivery and
      data analysis. It takes mobile advertising monitoring as the entry point
      and further focuses on data collection and mining, so as to help
      customers conduct advertising data analysis, material intelligent analysis
      etc., to optimize customer marketing activities.

      Business model
      The main products of Reyun Data are SaaS products, that is, cloud
      hosting softwares. The two charging methods mainly include pay-by-use
      and subscription.

      Among them, the mobile performance monitoring tool and user
      management tool will charge customers according to the usage. They
      usually sign a usage agreement in advance and use the service according
      to the usage agreed in the agreement. In addition, because customers
      have flexibility in usage, in many cases they can exceed their contracted
      usage or beyond the original contract term. If customers wish to increase
      their usage, they will usually upgrade their protocol to a higher level.

      The material intelligence analysis tool is charged on an annual
      subscription basis. During the term of the contract, as time goes by,
      Reyun Data will gradually recognize revenue on a pro-rata basis. The
      goods or services transfers to the customer are not conditioned on
      anything other than time.




                                                              Annual Report 2021 17
   Business Review




              2.2.   Cloud computing technology business
                     2.2.1. Cloud computing resource cost optimization tool
                           SpotMax is a SaaS tool for cloud computing resource cost optimization.
                           Utilizing the flexibility and features of the public cloud, the system can help
                           customers, that is, public cloud computing resource purchasers, greatly
                           optimize the purchase cost of cloud computing resources while ensuring the
                           stability of their business systems. Generally, we can help customers save 60–
                           70% of elastic cloud computing resource costs.

                           Development background
                           SpotMax was developed under the circumstances of high computing power
                           demand and high cost of cloud computing resources in the Group’s advertising
                           technology business. It helped Mintegral build an efficient cloud-native
                           architecture and achieved 65% savings in unit processing costs through
                           optimized scheduling of Spot instances. The complexity and scale of the
                           Group’s advertising technology scenarios provide a large number of real-time
                           business scenarios for the training of the SpotMax model, speeding up its
                           iteration and strengthening its adaptability.

                           Operation mechanism
                           Generally, there are three methods for elastic cloud computing resources: on-
                           demand instances, reserved instances and Spot instances. Among them, Spot
                           instances are by far the cheapest instance type among elastic cloud computing
                           resources, and the price of Spot instance is generally 10–20% of the price of an
                           on-demand instance. However, when companies use Spot instances, they must
                           be prepared to deal with interruptions, especially during peak cloud resource
                           usage periods when the demand for instances increases sharply because Spot
                           instances may be interrupted. Therefore, at present, most companies have a
                           relatively limited proportion of Spot instances use.

                           SpotMax is a basic service based on cloud and cloud native best practices.
                           Through statistics of historical data of past interruptions and real-time analysis
                           of the current supply and demand of cloud computing resources in the market,
                           it predicts unstable Spot instances, replaces Spot instances in advance, and
                           ensures continuous availability of workloads thereby solving the system chaos
                           and service interruption that may be caused by companies purchasing Spot
                           instances.

                           Target customers
                           This platform’s customers mainly include internet businesses that require more
                           elastic cloud computing resources, and other businesses that want to optimize
                           procurement costs and efficiency in the process of deployment on the cloud or
                           using cloud computing resources. Generally, the platform has no specific usage
                           restrictions on customers’ scenarios.




18 Mobvista Inc.
                                                               Business Review




Business model
We charge fees based on the number of cloud computing resources (i.e. virtual
CPU “vCPU”) managed by customers through the platform. Because customers
have a certain degree of flexibility in the consumption of cloud computing
resources, we usually recognize revenue based on the number of computing
resources managed, rather than the traditional way of software subscription. In
addition, the software is non-customized software and can be applied to many
scenarios.

Cooperation/competitive relationship with cloud vendors
The core value of SpotMax lies in the use of cloud resources rather than cloud,
that is, the product itself does not directly provide corresponding cloud
services, but it performs more efficient operation and maintenance optimization
SaaS services based on the services provided by cloud vendors and other
infrastructure as a service (“IaaS”) vendors. Therefore, we have a non-
competitive relationship with cloud vendors.

Furthermore, SpotMax can effectively assist IaaS vendors (cloud vendors), to
sell their Spot instances (their idle servers) more efficiently, thereby increasing
revenue for cloud vendors.

Non cloud vendor sales agency

Our obligation to fulfill is to provide customers with the right to use the software
so that customers can optimize and manage the cloud computing resources
purchased from cloud vendors. Before the cloud computing resources are
transferred to our customers, we do not control the cloud computing resources,
because we do not have the substantive ability to directly use the cloud
computing resources, and we have not obtained any substantial remaining
benefits from the cloud computing resources. We are not directly responsible
for the sales of cloud computing resources, and there is no inventory risk of
cloud computing resources, so we are not a sales agency for cloud vendors.

Operating model

The business will benefit from strong network effects. With the expansion of
customers and since more and more customers manage their cloud computing
resource purchases through this platform, the value of our platform will continue
to increase. The operation and maintenance cost of the platform is relatively
low, and as the scale of the platform expands, a strong operating leverage
effect will be generated.




                                                              Annual Report 2021 19
   Business Review




                          Competitive advantages

                          Compared with cloud vendors, our biggest advantage is neutrality. Considering
                          data security, multi-cloud deployment is currently the choice of many
                          enterprises. Under multi-cloud deployment mode, third-party independent
                          platforms can provide effective services in cross-cloud mode, that is, neutrality,
                          which is an important competitive advantage of SpotMax.

                          Compared with general technology companies, our large-scale and highly
                          iterative advertising technology business provides scenarios for the training of
                          the platform model to ensure the real-time effectiveness of the platform.

                          Promotion strategy and process

                          At present, the business is still at the early stage of commercialization. We sell
                          through our direct sales team and the cloud store of our partner cloud vendors,
                          and focus on the expansion of benchmark customers in various fields. In the
                          future, we hope to serve companies in all kinds of scenarios in many industries
                          around the world.

        3.    Integrated business model
              Our core is the advertising technology platform, which helps mobile application developers
              attract more mobile users and monetize their traffic to achieve their business growth.

              Using this scenario as an entry point, we continue to expand marketing technology
              (“MarTech”) products through understanding the needs of customers through their full-
              stack marketing activities to effectively establish cross-selling and up-selling of products,
              thereby increasing customer stickiness and increasing ARPU.

              In addition, our powerful cloud computing central platforms (such as cloud computing
              resource optimization platform SpotMax and big data computing engine EnginePlus) support
              the development of our MarTech business, and has become the second growth curve of the
              Group’s business development through productization and commercialization.

              In the long run, the strategic flywheel formed by the construction of the SaaS tool matrix will
              promote the growth of our business and strengthen our competitive advantage. As more
              and more mobile application developers use our SaaS tools to analyze, promote, and
              monetize their mobile applications, we have further expanded the scale of the platform. In
              addition, as we deepen our understanding of the needs of mobile application developers, we
              continue to iterate and develop new products to further improve the tool matrix. The
              continuous acceleration of the flywheel consistently strengthens our platform effect, and the
              allocation ratio (“take-rate”) of customers’ marketing budget and cloud operation and
              maintenance budget continues to increase, thereby promoting the sustainable growth of the
              Group’s revenue.




20 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                     Business Review




II.   Industry Overview
      According to Statista’s data, the mobile application market has become a highly fragmented
      market; as of December 2021, there are more than 2.61 million applications in the Google Play
      Store and as of the end of the first quarter of 2021, 2.23 million applications in the Apple App
      Store. As of the end of the first quarter of 2021, the two app stores have more than 800 thousand
      games available for mobile internet users to choose from.

      For mobile application developers, they need to stand out in a highly fragmented and highly
      competitive market and successfully promote their application products to obtain revenue; at the
      same time, they need to focus on efficient product development and iteration, and continuously
      improve product features to satisfy the rapidly changing needs of the market. This is especially
      difficult for a large number of small and medium-size mobile developers. Therefore, they need an
      integrated, one-stop full spectrum marketing and monetization platform to help them promote and
      generate income, and they need professional, high-quality, economic development and monitoring
      tools to help them improve their development and iteration efficiency.

      1.    Mobile Internet MarTech Industry
            According to the report MarTech in 2021/2022 jointly issued by MarTech Alliance and Moore
            Kingston Smith in October 2021, the global marketing technology market size in 2021 is
            estimated to be US$344.8 billion.

            1.1.   The development of the data-driven MarTech industry has become a trend. The
                   complexity of online marketing has increased the demand for data-driven MarTech
                   products. The fragmented ecosystem and the continuous increase of data and
                   analysis dimensions involved have created a situation where MarTech tools can
                   quickly realize cost-effective decision-making and reach relevant users. Customers
                   can then optimize advertising strategies based on the feedback of successive
                   impressions, thereby achieving even more effective advertising over time;

            1.2.   The development of the mobile internet ecosystem drives the development of the
                   MarTech industry and promotes the continuous improvement of marketing budgets.
                   With the advancement of the digitalization trend of the mobile internet, business and
                   media continue to shift to the mobile internet side. At the same time, with the
                   outbreak of COVID-19, users use the mobile internet more frequently and are forming
                   long-term usage behaviors. This change requires the marketing budget to follow users
                   and further accelerates the shift to the mobile internet. We believe that with the
                   development of mobile internet commerce and user scale, customers will transfer
                   more marketing expenditures to mobile digital media, which will lead to an increase in
                   the budget of related marketing services and promote the continuous improvement of
                   the overall digital marketing budget.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2021 21
   Business Review




              1.3.   The value chain of the global marketing technology industry has changed. The
                     marketing technology industry chain includes six parts: narrowly defined marketing
                     technology/advertising technology, marketing data analysis, media agency
                     procurement, content generation, traditional creative conception and adaptation. The
                     proportion of each part in the industry’s profit pool has changed as follows:

                     1.3.1 The proportion of advertising technology tools has risen sharply. With the
                           increasing complexity of the advertising technology industry/narrowly defined
                           MarTech industry, the development of artificial intelligence technology and the
                           pressure to measure return on investment have promoted the development of
                           the industry and its proportion in the overall industry profit pool has continued to
                           increase;

                     1.3.2 Marketing analysis tools are essential to ensure the effective allocation of
                           marketing budget expenditures, and their proportion has increased. Especially
                           when cookies or similar device identifiers disappear, marketing analysis tools
                           play an important role in the effective allocation of marketing budget
                           expenditures. Related mobile marketing effectiveness monitoring tools and
                           follow-up user group behavior tracking and cohort analysis reports can help
                           customers effectively test and optimize marketing plans, so their share in the
                           industry’s profit pool has increased;

                     1.3.3 The proportion of media agency procurement has gradually declined. With the
                           growth of programmatic traffic purchasing and the growth of localized marketing
                           platforms, the market share of advertising agencies is gradually declining, and
                           profit margins are under pressure;

                     1.3.4 The proportion of programmatic content generation has increased. With the
                           growth of users’ digital touch points and the strengthening of the personalized
                           needs of online users, and the surge of demand for modular digital content
                           originality and automated post-production, the proportion of programmatic
                           content generation has increased;

                     1.3.5 The proportion of traditional content generation industry has declined. Changes
                           in marketing channels and marketing models have led to the decrease of market
                           dependence on traditional content generation intermediaries.

              1.4.   The personalized needs of online users and the decentralization trend of the mobile
                     internet industry have further strengthened the fragmentation trend and competition
                     within the mobile internet ecosystem. With mobile internet commerce booming and
                     the strengthening of users’ personalized needs, the diversification and decentralization
                     of the mobile internet ecosystem will become the norm. In addition, the trend of
                     differentiation of the mobile internet space in various countries and regions continues,
                     which further intensifies the trend of ecosystem fragmentation and competition.
                     Therefore, the cross-regional and cross-scenario traffic aggregation and analysis
                     capabilities of the marketing platform are key factors in providing value to customers.




22 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                               Business Review




     1.5.   Performance advertisements continue to be favored by advertisers, and the market
            scale growth is being accelerated. The decentralization of categories and regions in
            App ecosystem increases the complexity of advertisers’ advertising strategies and
            performance evaluation, and hence performance advertising continues to be favored
            due to its characteristics of traceability, accountability, and measurable return on
            investment. At the same time, with the continuous expansion of online business, as
            well as the continuous integration of online and offline business, the feasibility of
            performance advertising is constantly strengthened, and the market is experiencing
            accelerated growth.

     1.6.   Mobile game purchases have become one of the largest and fastest-growing sectors,
            and the demand for data analysis continues to grow. According to the data published
            by Sensor Tower, mobile games account for 39% of global app downloads and 72%
            of total Apple App Store user consumption. With the rapid development and iteration
            of the mobile game market, the mobile game purchasing budget has become one of
            the largest and fastest growing areas in the mobile internet advertising industry.

     In addition, due to the highly iterative nature of casual and hyper-casual games in the mobile
     game field, such developers need to focus more on the development and iteration of games,
     as well as the improvement of the gaming experience. Based on this, the demand for clear,
     multi-dimensional statistical analysis products that incorporate comprehensive industry data
     is also growing rapidly, so that game developers can focus on game development and
     increase user engagement in their games.

2.   Cloud Computing Industry
     Digital transformation is becoming the norm for enterprise development, and public cloud
     empowers enterprises in digital transformation with its scalability and feasibility advantages.

     2.1.   The proliferation of connected devices, applications, and social media has led to
            explosive growth in the amount of network data. Cloud computing and data storage
            and processing are becoming key requirements for enterprises. According to IDC’s
            March 2021 report Global Data Forecast 2021–2025, the total amount of global data
            in 2021 is 79ZB, and it is expected to reach 181ZB in 2025, with a compound growth
            rate of 23%. The growth of these data means that the demand for cloud computing
            and data storage will grow rapidly.

     2.2.   Under the wave of digitalization, global public cloud spending has increased rapidly.
            According to Gartner statistics, global public cloud service end-user expenditures
            increased by 23.1% from 2020 to US$332.3 billion in 2021. By 2022, this figure may
            reach US$397.5 billion, with a compound annual growth rate of 21% since 2020.

            However, unoptimized use of cloud resources and purchase methods lead to high
            cost of cloud systems, hindering enterprises’ adoption of public clouds. According to
            Flexera’s State of the Cloud Report 2021, surveyed companies estimate that 30% of
            their cloud spending is wasted, and 61% of them are planning to reduce cloud
            computing costs.




                                                                               Annual Report 2021 23
   Business Review




              2.3.   For data security considerations, multi-cloud deployment is currently the choice of
                     many enterprises. According to Flexera’s State of the Cloud Report 2021, 92% of
                     enterprises adopt a multi-cloud strategy and 82% use a hybrid cloud.

              In the long run, the advancement of cloud computing resource optimization technology will
              become a key point driving the faster development of the public cloud computing market.

   III.   Financial performance
          —   During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue has increased by 46.4% on a YoY basis to
              US$755.4 million (corresponding period in 2020: US$516.1 million);

          —   During the Reporting Period, the Group accelerated its transformation to a programmatic
              business centered around the Mintegral platform, reducing and gradually withdrawing from
              top media agency business, leading to a decrease in Nativex business revenue by 15.3% on
              a YoY basis to US$177.6 million (corresponding period in 2020: US$209.6 million);

          —   During the Reporting Period, the Group’s Mintegral platform business recovered and grew
              strongly, achieving business revenue US$575.1 million, an increase of 88.0% on a YoY basis
              (corresponding period of 2020: US$305.8 million);

          —   During the Reporting Period, the Group actively promoted the restoration of business
              relationships with Mintegral’s customers and traffic-side publishers, consolidated the
              financial results of Reyun Data into the consolidated financial statements of the Group and
              focused on expanding new vertical categories of Mintegral’s advertising business, laying the
              foundation for the long-term rapid growth of the platform’s transaction scale, resulting in an
              increase in sales expenses of 178.0% to US$47.1 million during the Reporting Period
              (corresponding period of 2020: US$17.0 million);

          —   During the Reporting Period, non-IFRS measures adjusted EBITDA was profit of US$23.5
              million (corresponding period in 2020: profit of US$21.5 million); in the first half of 2021,
              non-IFRS measures adjusted EBITDA was profit of US$2.2 million; in the second half of
              2021, non-IFRS measures adjusted EBITDA was profit of US$21.3 million.




24 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                               Business Review




IV. Business Review
   1.   Accelerate the transformation towards programmatic business with
        Mintegral as the core, and the top media agency business of Nativex
        continues to be reduced, which occupies operating capital and has limited
        profit growth potential.
        At present, the mobile advertising industry continues to transform from non-programmatic to
        programmatic, and the trend of decentralization and fragmentation of the mobile internet
        ecosystem is becoming more and more obvious. Therefore, the Group’s advertising
        technology business is accelerating the transformation to a programmatic business centered
        around Mintegral.

        At the same time, for the top media agency business of Nativex, due to its limited
        development potential space and the occupation of the platform’s operating capital, it
        cannot form a good synergy with the Company’s strategic core business. During the
        Reporting Period, the Group took the initiative to adopt the retrenchment strategy and
        gradually reduce related resource input. In November 2021, the Group signed a business
        restructuring agreement and decided to sell the top media agency business to the
        connected companies of the controlling shareholder. Details of the relevant transaction are
        set out in the section headed “Management Analysis and Discussion”. At present, the top
        media agency business restructuring transaction has been completed. After the divestiture
        of the top media agency business, Nativex will focus more on the marketing software
        platform business that aggregates top medias, and the traditional non-programmed
        advertising business with stable profits and better cash flow.

        During the Reporting Period, Mintegral’s business revenue increased by 88.0% on a YoY
        basis to US$575.1 million, and its proportion of advertising technology business revenue
        increased from 59.3% in 2020 to 76.4%; Nativex’s business revenue fell by 15.3% on a YoY
        basis to US$177.6 million.

   2.   Mintegral’s business has recovered strongly, and customers and traffic
        continue to grow
        2.1.   Mintegral’s business is growing strongly, and the platform effect is
               continuously strengthened

               During the Reporting Period, the Group actively promoted the restoration and
               development of business partnerships with Mintegral’s customers and traffic-side
               publishers, and continued to attract new customers and traffic publishers. The
               platform effect continued to strengthen and business growth was strong. The platform
               is expected to achieve a transaction scale of US$200 million in the first quarter of
               2022.




                                                                               Annual Report 2021 25
   Business Review




                2.2.   While continuously optimizing the algorithm, Mintegral strengthened the
                       control of the computing power cost

                       With the continuous enhancement of the competitiveness of the Mintegral algorithm
                       and the continuous expansion of its business scale, the corresponding computing
                       power cost is also increasing. In addition to the large-scale use of machine learning
                       technology for the algorithm, Mintegral has further upgraded the use of cloud servers
                       intelligently. Recently, we are actively deploying personalized computing power
                       technology, that is, using machine learning technology to model the traffic value in the
                       entire computing process, forming a differentiated classification, different traffic
                       matching different algorithm strategies, different strategies matching different
                       computing power. For example, we use a more complex model and more expensive
                       but more powerful GPUs for high-value traffic, while using a degenerate model that
                       can run on low-spec CPUs for low-value traffic. This maximizes the cost-effectiveness
                       of each computing power, thereby helping us achieve joint optimization of revenue,
                       cost, and profit.


                2.3.   The IDFA authority change was officially implemented, and Mintegral’s
                       business proved to be resilient

                       iOS 14.5 has been officially released in late April 2021. As of 31 December 2021,
                       48.1% of iOS system devices cannot track IDFA, which has an increase of 19.8 pct(1)
                       from the 28.3% of devices that cannot track IDFA in April 2021.

                       Different from the technology commonly used in the industry that completely relies on
                       IDFA to obtain long-term interest portraits of users, we focus on the behavioral
                       interest modeling technology that does not violate users’ privacy, and further add
                       dynamic creative optimization technology to the algorithm to achieve the creative
                       display which meets the needs of different people according to the user’s behavior
                       preference, which makes us less affected by IDFA.

                       From the revenue perspective, the quarterly transaction scale of the Mintegral platform
                       continued to grow, maintaining a good growth trend. Therefore, we believe that this
                       policy has neither exerted nor will have a substantial impact on our business.




   (1)   Increased percentage of iOS system devices that we cannot track IDFA = the percentage of iOS system devices that we
         cannot track IDFA in December (48.1%)-the percentage of iOS system devices that we cannot track IDFA in April (28.3%)

26 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                               Business Review




     2.4.   Mintegral maintains high customer retention, and both customers and traffic
            are growing rapidly
            Our customers of designated scale (see definition below) have contributed significantly
            to the growth of our business. The revenue growth of each customer of designated
            scale has improved average revenue per customer and business visibility,
            strengthened our operating leverage, and effectively improved our reputation in the
            industry.

            In order to measure the increase of customers’ revenue scale and our ability to attract
            scaled enterprises, we calculated the number of customers who contributed more
            than US$100,000 in revenue in the past 12 months as of the end of the Reporting
            Period (31 December 2021) which was 267 in total and contributed 97.7% of the total
            revenue of the Mintegral platform; in addition, the retention rate of the customers who
            contributed more than US$100,000 in the past 12 months as of the end of the
            previous reporting period (31 December 2020), was 91.5% in the current period, the
            dollar-based net expansion rate was 184.9%.

            At the end of the Reporting Period, the Mintegral platform cooperated with 5,854
            traffic publishers, gaining 715 new traffic publishers, an increase of 14.1%, compared
            with that of the end of 2020; at the same time, the number of mobile traffic publishers
            that we are still cooperating with is 57,745, increasing by 18,098 since the end of
            2020, an increase of 45.6%.

3.   Acquisition of Reyun Data, expanding from advertising technology business
     to a full-spectrum marketing technology business
     3.1.   Expansion from a single advertising technology to a full-spectrum marketing
            technology

            From the beginning of our establishment, we have focused on effectively expanding
            the user base and increasing revenue for our customers through the advertising
            technology platforms Nativex and Mintegral. In the process of empowering developers
            to grow and monetize, through the accumulation of a large amount of data, we
            gradually gained insight into the needs and pain points of developers. Therefore, our
            management team has discovered a bigger market opportunity: developing full-stack
            MarTech products, using data, analysis and other tools to help customers relate their
            customer profitability to user growth, user data analytics and user management, and
            creating a sustainable growth cycle, so that they can further reinvest in user growth
            after their revenue increases, effectively improving their ultimate profitability.

            All along, we were committed to building a complete marketing technology tool matrix
            so that customers can complete the entire pre, mid and post-marketing process
            including marketing planning, business growth, traffic monetization, user analysis,
            creative and content management, advertising traffic monitoring and attribution etc.




                                                                              Annual Report 2021 27
   Business Review




              3.2.   Acquisition of Reyun Data and accelerated team integration to further improve
                     the establishment of the Group’s SaaS tool matrix.

                     In April 2021, the Group announced that it intended to acquire all the shares of Reyun
                     Data, an industry-leading mobile advertising performance monitoring and data analysis
                     platform.

                     In the second half of 2021, the acquisition of approximately 52.13% of the equity held
                     by the founder team of Reyun Data and approximately 2.33% of the equity held by
                     some financial investors was completed, and Reyun Data became an indirect non-
                     wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group.

                     The Group will continue to push forward the acquisition of the remaining shares of
                     Reyun Data. With the acquisition of Reyun Data, the Group will further improve the
                     matrix of marketing technology tools, and deploy other marketing technology
                     businesses such as mobile advertising performance monitoring and user data
                     management tools.

                     Note: During the Reporting Period, the Group also acquired another SaaS company (HIO) together with the
                            acquisition of Reyun Data and the total consideration is approximately RMB713,038,445.36.


        4.    The data statistical analysis business continues to expand, and the
              synergies with the advertising technology business continue to strengthen.
              During the Reporting Period, GA achieved revenue of US$886 thousand as a whole.

              In terms of platform coverage, the number of game developer partners of GA is 179,000,
              with an increase of 33.6% compared to the first half of 2021. The number of monthly active
              users (MAU) covered reached 2.3 billion. The wide coverage and high granularity of GA’s
              data makes its data analytics service deeply trusted by game developers.

              In terms of synergies, the synergies between the GA and Mintegral platforms continue, and
              the Group’s tool matrix model is further strengthened.

              During the Reporting Period, among GA customers, there were 1,319 game developers with
              MAU greater than 100,000, of which 82 were Mintegral customers, contributing 33.2% of
              the Mintegral platform’s revenue.

              In addition, as of the end of the Reporting Period, among the customers who spent more
              than US$100,000 on the Mintegral platform for the trailing twelve months, 42 used GA
              services, that is, 15.7% of customers who spent more than US$100,000 for the trailing
              twelve months as of the end of the Reporting Period using GA services.




28 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                               Business Review




5.   From a data privacy and security perspective, the Company has obtained
     multiple relevant certifications, and business compliance governance and
     risk management systems continue to operate.
     Currently, global regulatory agencies have increasingly strict requirements for data privacy
     and security governance. For advertising technology companies, data privacy and security
     are related to business development and the maintenance of partnerships within the
     industry, and play an important role in the long-term sustainable development of the
     Company.


     Based on the Group’s long-term strategy for data and privacy protections, during the
     Reporting Period, the Group passed a number of third-party evaluations and certifications
     related to data and privacy and security. Related assessments and certifications include:


     In January 2021, the Group passed the internationally recognized authoritative certification
     of ISO/IEC 27001, the most authoritative, strict and widely used information security
     management system certification standard. Passing the certification indicates that the
     Company has built a high-level information security management system in terms of
     organization and management, physical and environmental security, information system
     acquisition, development and maintenance, and information security incident management,
     and in the actual operation process, has ensured user information security and high stability
     and sustainable development of the operating system. ISO 27001 certification is of great
     value to advertising platforms. Advertisers, agencies, publishers and end users can obtain
     the highest level of protection in the advertising technology supply chain, reflecting the
     Group’s commitment to high-level information security.


     In March 2021, Mintegral and Nativex obtained a privacy protection certification from
     ePrivacy, a well-known European privacy protection certification institution, and were
     awarded the ePrivacyseal certificate within the European Union. ePrivacy is one of the
     world’s most credible data security and privacy protection certification institutions, focusing
     on digital products and mobile fields, and has broad global influence. ePrivacyseal
     certification covers GDPR regulatory requirements, and the certification scope is wide and
     detailed. The certification is mainly based on both law and technology aspects. It strictly
     reviews the product privacy protection system, product design, system security, process
     system, etc., and evaluates whether it complies with GDPR regulations and whether it can
     protect user privacy. Through ePrivacyseal certification, Mintegral and Nativex have built a
     moat for user data privacy, which is conducive to enhancing market competitiveness and
     continuously enhancing customer trust.




                                                                              Annual Report 2021 29
   Business Review




              A third party public accounting firm was engaged by the Group on 20 March 2020 to
              perform the Service Organization Control 2 (the “SOC2”) review on, amongst others,
              programmatic advertising platform, cloud-based service applications and data analytics
              platform to user entities in accordance with the International Standard Assurance
              Engagement 3000 (the “ISAE 3000”). The SOC2 Type 1 (“Type 1”) review was completed
              on 26 August 2020. Furthermore, the SOC2 Type 2 (“Type 2”) review was completed and
              the Group obtained the SOC2 Type 2 report issued by the third party public accounting firm
              on 24 August 2021.

              The ISAE3000 stipulates that the internal control system of a service organization is a policy
              and program designed, implemented and recorded by the management to provide the
              service described in such service organization control report to the user entities. The
              ISAE3000 applies to, and the SOC2 review will report on, controls at a service organization
              relevant to security, availability, processing integrity, confidentiality, or privacy performed
              under the ISAE3000 or local equivalent. The SOC2 Type 1 review assesses the design of
              controls at a specific point in time. The SOC2 Type 2 review assesses how effective those
              controls are over time by observing operations for a period of time, on the base of SOC2
              Type 1 review.

              In September and October 2021, GA and Mintegral, respectively, passed the annual review
              of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act certification of the kidSAFE Seal Program and
              renewed their membership in 2020, to ensure the services provided by GA and Mintegral are
              effective in safeguarding children’s online privacy. GA and Mintegral have held this
              certification since 2019 and maintain a strong reputation for privacy and security in the
              industry.

              In December 2021, Mintegral and Nativex received certification from TrustArc, an
              authoritative privacy and security certification body in the U.S., certifying that the handling of
              customers’ and end users’ personal data by Mintegral and Nativex complies with the
              California Consumer Privacy Act requirements, further proving that the services provided by
              Mintegral and Nativex can provide comprehensive privacy protection for customers and end
              device users.

              In addition, we pay close attention to the formulation, introduction and implementation of
              China’s Personal Information Protection Law (《個人信息保護法》), Data Security Law (《數據
              安全法》) and other laws and regulations, and their related supporting legal documents. We
              have taken a series of measures dedicated to strengthening information security and
              respecting personal privacy, and updated our privacy policy, in order to ensure that our
              products and services are processing personal information of customers located in the PRC
              in accordance with the relevant requirements. We also continue to pay attention to laws and
              regulations related to data protection promulgated overseas. As at the Latest Practicable
              Date, we are not aware of any circumstances that have a significant impact on the Group’s
              business.




30 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                                        Business Review




V.    Business Growth Strategy
      1.     Expand the customer base
             We will expand different customer categories, such as hardcore games, e-commerce, etc.,
             and continue to attract more currently well-developed vertical customers through investment
             in the reputation of our brand, thereby further expanding our customer base.

      2.     Increase the revenue of customers on a single platform
             2.1     Strengthen the competitiveness at the Android system level and further
                     increase the revenue from the Android system
                     During the Reporting Period, the proportion of Android and iOS devices reached by
                     the Mintegral platform was 7:3, but the proportion of revenue was about 1:1. The
                     revenue share of Android system increased significantly compared with the previous
                     reporting period. From the perspective of average daily impressions per device, during
                     the Reporting Period, the average daily impressions per device(1) of the iOS system
                     was 1.6 times the average daily impressions of a single device of the Android system.
                     And as of the end of the Reporting Period, the daily average number of impressions
                     per device(1) in the iOS system was 0.93 times the average number of impressions per
                     device in the Android system. The number of per device impressions of the Android
                     system has increased significantly, and the platform’s competitiveness at the Android
                     system level has been continuously enhanced. As the Mintegral platform continues to
                     strengthen the Group’s competitiveness at the Android system level, performance
                     advertising revenue from the Android system will continue to increase.

             2.2     Drive domestic and overseas development, and strengthen the
                     competitiveness of the platform in China
                     During the Reporting Period, about 94% of the traffic reached by the Mintegral
                     platform was distributed overseas, and only 6% of the traffic was distributed in
                     mainland China and China’s Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan regions. With the
                     completion of the acquisition of Reyun Data, the Group will further strengthen its
                     domestic traffic expansion and technological competitiveness, and realize the
                     dual-drive development of “domestic + overseas”.




(1)   The multiple of the daily average number of impressions for a single device = the daily average number of impressions for a
      single device in the iOS system/the average number of impressions per day for a single device in the Android system.

                                                                                                       Annual Report 2021 31
   Business Review




        3.    Take advantage of customer relationships to cross-sell our solution tools
              Customers can start using our tools at any stage in the product lifecycle, and over time they
              will typically expand to use other tools. For example, at the beginning, customers use our
              Mintegral platform to acquire users. As users increase, they will further increase their
              revenue by selling their advertising inventory to display ads to users through us, and further
              spend revenue to grow their user base and at the same time use our advertising creative
              analysis tool to optimize its advertising and to enhance the attractiveness to users in
              advertising aimed at user growth. In addition, they will monitor their advertising status
              through mobile performance monitoring tools, and optimize their marketing budget allocation
              based on attribution analysis.

              At the same time, these customers often have large cloud computing needs. They can
              further use our tools related to cloud computing to optimize the operations and maintenance
              of their infrastructure and the processing and calculation of big data.

              Through our diversified tools, customers can focus on business development and iteration to
              the greatest extent, which can accelerate business expansion and reduce costs. Taking
              advantage of customer relationships to cross-sell our tools will also become a major driver
              of our growth.

   VI. Long-term Development Strategy and Outlook
        In the great wave of global digital transformation, technological innovation requires practical
        environment. With the deepening of the understanding of the service ecology, and practice based
        on a large number of business scenarios, the Group will gradually grow from an innovator of
        technology to an exporter of technology. From a long-term perspective, our specific long-term
        development strategies and measures include:

        1.    Adhere to the long-term strategy of building a SaaS tool ecosystem
              1)    Independent research and development + strategic acquisition, continue to
                    build a SaaS tool ecosystem
                    Relying on deep insights and understanding of the needs of business and technology
                    at different lifecycle stages of mobile applications, the Group continues to develop
                    independently, has launched and integrated data analysis tools, marketing clouds,
                    advertising creative analysis tools, cloud technology, and other products or services to
                    continuously improve our SaaS tool ecosystem, to strengthen and expand our long-
                    term cooperative relationship with customers with integrated tools.

                    In addition, as part of our growth strategy, we will strengthen our customer resources
                    and tool capabilities by acquiring companies, and integrating businesses, teams, and
                    technologies thereby accelerating the formation of our SaaS tool matrix.




32 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                               Business Review




     2)    The advertising technology business continues to transform into a
           programmatic advertising business centered around Mintegral
           The Group continues to persevere with respect to transforming to a programmatic
           advertising technology business centered around Mintegral, and maintain the
           traditional non-programmatic advertising business with good cash flow and stable
           profits.

     3)    Accelerate the expansion of the Mintegral platform scale and the expansion of
           new markets/new vertical categories
           Through the expansion and layout of casual games, the Company’s barriers formed by
           first-mover advantage have been proven. With the deepening of the understanding of
           vertical categories, the long-term accumulation of deep learning technology and the
           accumulation of data, the company can continue to refine operations, optimize
           execution, and refine the eCPM of each traffic flow, etc., so as to better speculate
           bidding in the asymmetric game ecology of the market and to solve the biggest
           optimization problem facing the real-time bidding market — maximizing profit while
           maximizing revenue.

           At present, the Mintegral platform is still at the stage of actively expanding its scale.
           The Group hopes to actively seize market share and establish a first-mover advantage
           through the development of new markets/new vertical categories.

2.   Adhere to the central technology platform strategy
     From the end of 2017, the Group has been preparing to build a central technology platform.
     At present, we have abstracted two layers of central technology platform: one layer is
     SpotMax, which manages the infrastructure layer of cloud computing; the other one is the
     data intelligence layer EnginePlus, which manages data and algorithms, and contains
     StarLake, a real-time data lake framework that can be used in a variety of business
     scenarios. It also contains the intelligent inference engine MindAlpha; the two layers of
     central technology platform is sufficiently abstract, can be decoupled from specific business
     scenarios and functional units, and have sufficient business development adaptability.

     From a practical point of view, in the Group’s multi-service development process, the
     continuous evolution of the technical architecture naturally promotes the formation of the
     Company’s existing central technology platform. This strategy not only meets the flexibility of
     future business development and the agility of the business team, but also enables the
     Group to integrate resources and talents, improve and optimize operational efficiency,
     reduce repetitive investment in the construction and maintenance of repeated functions, and
     reduce integration and collaboration costs to get through the interaction between systems.

     The Group will adhere to the central technology platform strategy for a long time. While
     boosting business growth, it will further promote the output of innovative technologies, so as
     to better improve the SaaS tool ecosystem and meet customers’ full lifecycle needs.




                                                                              Annual Report 2021 33
   Business Review




        3.    Be the Bridge
              From the beginning of its establishment when the Group helped Chinese apps go overseas,
              to later opening up overseas local markets, and further connecting the East and West
              markets, we have always adhered to the “Be the Bridge” strategy and have continued to
              give the strategy new meaning and expand the boundaries of the strategy.

              At present, we help to connect the markets of the East and the West, the budget side and
              the traffic side, the creative side and the data side, and even cloud computing resources of
              different vendors, and will further empower customers, so that customers can choose,
              operate and output independently, promoting the development of their own business.

              We believe that under the circumstances and trend of decentralization, the Group’s
              neutrality and adherence to the “Be the Bridge” strategy will enable every customer to have
              and retain the ownership and control of digital assets, in line with today’s global data privacy
              trend and the general trend of security protection.

        4.    Adhere to the globalization strategy
              We will adhere to the globalization strategy. The Group has continuously strengthened its
              brand image in the Asia-Pacific region and strengthened its cooperative relationship with
              customers and potential customers. In addition, we are also implementing localization
              strategies in EMEA and the Americas in order to actively expand our market.

        5.    Adhere to data privacy and security protections
              Our platform collects and analyzes the behavioral data of mobile internet users, but we do
              not identify specific individuals through the collected data, nor do we associate data and
              information with specific individuals. In addition, we always insist on actively practicing data
              and privacy protections and believe that this measure will benefit the Group in the long run.




34 Mobvista Inc.
                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Revenue
1.   Revenue by Type of Services
     Our integrated business model combines the Group’s SaaS tool product matrix with the full-
     spectrum needs of customers in marketing activities. Customers can start using our tools at any
     stage in the product lifecycle, and over time they will typically expand to use other tools in our
     matrix.

     For the year ended 31 December 2021, we recorded revenue of US$755.4 million (corresponding
     period in 2020: US$516.1 million), 46.4% higher on a YoY basis. Our revenue comes from
     marketing technology business and cloud computing business. Among them, marketing
     technology business references both our advertising technology business and other marketing
     technology business.

     1.1   Revenue Model
           We generate revenue from customer spending on our SaaS tool platform.

           1)    Marketing technology business
                 i.    Advertising technology business
                       Our advertising technology business revenue typically comes from mobile
                       internet customers, especially mobile App developers. They use our platform to
                       promote their business. Typically, we charge a fee based on the performance of
                       the promotion, that is, the number of performance of promotion delivered
                       multiples the agreed upon amount per install or download delivered.

                 ii.   Other marketing technology business
                       Our other marketing technology business includes data analysis tools,
                       attribution tools, material analysis tools, etc., and is usually not included in the
                       customer agreement of our advertising technology business, and customers
                       purchase related services according to their own needs. Generally, for analytics
                       services, we charge our customers software subscription fees based on
                       different products and functions;

           2)    Cloud computing technology business
                 i.    SpotMax cloud resource cost optimization business
                       Our SpotMax business revenue is usually charged based on the number of
                       cloud computing resources (i.e. virtual CPU (vCPU)) managed by the customer
                       through the platform, and the platform usage is determined by the customer
                       based on their own business conditions.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2021 35
   Management Discussion and Analysis




        1.2   Principles of Revenue Recognition
              1)      Marketing technology business
                      i.      Advertising technology business
                              Generally, we charge customers based on the performance of the services
                              provided to them, and are responsible for fulfilling the obligation of advertising
                              performance delivery. Therefore, our advertising technology business revenue
                              recognition principle is generally the gross method (except for Nativex’s
                              marketing software platform);

                      ii.     Other marketing technology business
                              Our other marketing technology business is usually subscription-based or pay-
                              per-use software business. During the contract period, revenue is generally
                              recognized on a pro rata/usage basis;

              2)      Cloud computing technology business
                      i.      SpotMax cloud resource cost optimization business
                              Our SpotMax business is a consumption-based business model, and we will
                              recognize revenue based on the number of cloud computing resources
                              managed by the customer through the platform.

        1.3   The following table sets forth a breakdown of our revenue by types of services for
              the years indicated:
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December
                                                            2021                           2020
                                                                   % of Total                    % of Total
                                                      US$’000       Revenue          US$’000      Revenue     YoY Change

              Marketing technology business revenue
                 — Advertising technology business
                        revenue                       752,673          99.6%        515,457          99.9%         46.0%
                 — Other marketing technology
                        business revenue                2,424           0.3%            560           0.1%        332.9%
              Cloud computing technology business
                 revenue
                 — SpotMax business revenue               315           0.1%            131           0.0%        140.5%

              Total                                   755,412        100.0%         516,148         100.0%         46.4%




36 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




2.   Advertising technology business net revenue
     The following table sets forth the net revenue from the advertising technology business during the
     period indicated:

                                                         2021                                           2020
                                              2021        2021H2          2021H1             2020        2020H2     2020H1
                                                        US$’000                                        US$’000

     Advertising technology business
        revenue                            752,673        445,386         307,287         515,457        248,710   266,747
     — Advertising technology business
           net revenue(1)                  146,212          90,984         55,228         101,250         30,681    70,569

     Note:

     (1)     Net revenue is defined as revenue adjusted by deducting cost distributed to the traffic publishers.


     For the twelve months ended 31 December 2021, the Group recorded advertising technology
     business revenue of US$752.7 million and advertising technology business net revenue of
     US$146.2 million.


     During the Reporting Period, the advertising technology business recorded net revenue of
     US$55.2 million and US$91.0 million in the first and second half of the year, increasing by 80.0%
     and 64.7% respectively on a half-year-on-half-year basis.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2021 37
   Management Discussion and Analysis




   3.   Revenue from Advertising Technology by Software Platform Business Department
        The following table sets forth a breakdown of revenue from advertising technology business by the
        business department for the years indicated:

                                                                         For the year ended 31 December
                                                              2021                            2020
                                                                           % of                           % of
                                                                     Advertising                    Advertising
                                                                     Technology                    Technology
                                                                       Business                      Business
                                                        US$’000        Revenue          US$’000       Revenue     YoY Change

        Mintegral business revenue                      575,059           76.4%         305,817          59.3%         88.0%
        Nativex business revenue                        177,614           23.6%         209,640          40.7%        -15.3%

        Total advertising technology business revenue   752,673          100.0%         515,457         100.0%         46.0%

        For the year ended 31 December 2021, we recorded advertising technology business revenue of
        US$752.7 million (corresponding period in 2020: US$515.5 million), 46.0% higher on a YoY basis.
        Our advertising technology business revenue comes from two business departments: Mintegral
        and Nativex. Among them, the revenue from the Mintegral platform was US$575.1 million,
        accounting for 76.4% of the advertising technology business revenue. Revenue from the Nativex
        platform was US$177.6 million, accounting for 23.6% of the advertising technology business
        revenue.

        During the Reporting Period, the Group has accelerated the transformation to the programmatic
        advertising technology business with Mintegral as the core, and has further reduced Nativex’s top
        media agency business, which led to a decrease of 15.3% in the Nativex platform revenue on a
        YoY basis to US$177.6 million (corresponding period in 2020: US$209.6 million).

        At the same time, benefiting from the Group’s transformation strategy, Mintegral’s 2021 scale-
        priority development strategy, and various factors such as the strengthened scale effect and
        platform effect of the Mintegral platform, and the recovery after the shock of special events in the
        second half year of 2020, the Mintegral platform’s revenue achieved an increase of 88.0% on a
        YoY basis to US$575.1 million (corresponding period in 2020: US$305.8 million).

        We believe that the top media agency business has low efficiency in the use of operating capital
        and has limited business growth potential, which is different from the Company’s strategic
        business direction. Therefore, the Group officially decided to withdraw from this business in
        November 2021. In addition, the traditional non-programmatic advertising business in Nativex has
        a good cash flow and is a stable source of profit for the Group. The Group will continue to develop
        this business stably. Further, the industry in which our programmatic business centers around and
        which Mintegral lies in, has grown rapidly with a relatively large addressable market. Also, our
        technology and business foundation in the related industry is solid, and the business model is able
        to drive rapid growth of the business and maintain healthy cash flow. Thus, the Group will
        continue to persevere and accelerate strategic transformation.


38 Mobvista Inc.
                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




3.1   Main Operation and Financial Data of Mintegral

      3.1.1. Main financial data

            During the Reporting Period, the Mintegral platform recorded revenue of US$575.1
            million, a YoY increase of 88.0% compared to 2020 (corresponding period in 2020:
            US$305.8 million), an increase of 56.0% comparing the second half of 2021 to the
            first half of 2021 (the first half of 2021: US$224.7 million). Among them, the first,
            second, third and fourth quarter of 2021 recorded revenue of US$96.3 million,
            US$128.4 million, US$160.0 million and US$190.4 million with an increase of 80.2%,
            33.3%, 24.7% and 19.0% from the last period, respectively.

            During the Reporting Period, the Group actively promoted the restoration of business
            partnerships with Mintegral’s customers and traffic-side publishers, and continued to
            attract new customers and traffic publishers. The platform effect continued to
            strengthen.

            In addition, in order to further occupy the market, establish first-mover advantages
            and barriers of vertical categories, and strengthen the economic effect of improving
            algorithm efficiency, the Group regards the growth of platform scale and the
            expansion of multiple vertical categories as short-term strategic goals. During the
            Reporting Period, the results of this strategic objective have gradually emerged.

                                       Mintegral Platform             Chain              YoY
                                       Business Revenue         Growth Rate       Growth Rate
                                                 (US$’000)              (%)               (%)

            2021H2                                 350,380             56.0%            119.3%
              2021Q4                               190,379             19.0%            149.2%
              2021Q3                               160,001             24.7%             91.9%

            2021H1                                 224,679             53.9%             40.6%
              2021Q2                               128,358             33.3%             53.9%
              2021Q1                                96,321             80.2%             26.1%




                                                                            Annual Report 2021 39
   Management Discussion and Analysis




                   1)   The situation of customers whose Mintegral platform revenue contribution
                        exceeded US$100,000(1)
                        We define customers as the subject that generates revenue in a specific period
                        of time.

                        We have counted the number of scaled enterprise customers that contributed
                        more than US$100,000 in revenue (1) in the past 12 months. These scaled
                        enterprise customers generally contribute most of the revenue of the Mintegral
                        platform. They have strong stability and platform stickiness, which promotes the
                        expansion of the platform scale and improves the economic leverage of the
                        platform.

                        As of the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2021, there were 204 and 267
                        scaled enterprise customers respectively that had a trailing twelve-month
                        revenue contribution of more than US$100,000(1).

                                                                   31 December 30 September      30 June     31 March     31 December
                                                                         2021(2)      2021(2)      2021(2)      2021(2)         2020(2)

                        The number of customers whose revenue
                           contribution exceeded US$100,000(1)             267            242         232          219             204
                        Total revenue of customers whose
                           revenue contribution exceeded
                           US$100,000(1) (US$’000)                    561,838.5     428,906.7   354,372.6    306,135.2       284,644.5
                        Average revenue contribution of
                           customers whose revenue
                           contribution exceeded US$100,000(1)
                           (US$’000)                                    2,104.3       1,772.3     1,527.5      1,397.9          1,395.3
                        Proportion of Mintegral platform revenue
                           of the customers that contributed
                           more than US$100,000(1)                       97.7%         97.9%       95.6%        94.0%            93.1%
                        YOY change in average revenue
                           contribution of customers whose
                           revenue contribution exceeded
                           US$100,000(1)                                 50.8%         26.5%       23.3%           N/A             N/A

                        Notes:


                        (1)      In the table and above, more than US$100,000 means US$100,000 or more and includes
                                 US$100,000.


                        (2)      A date indicated in the table refers to the trailing twelve months ended on the indicated date.




40 Mobvista Inc.
                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




2)   Retention of customers whose Mintegral platform revenue contribution exceeded
     US$100,000(1)
     Our customer retention rate is calculated by comparing the data of two
     consecutive twelve-month statistical periods to show how many customers in
     the previous statistical period are still active customers in the current period. In
     addition, the number of our customers may be adjusted based on acquisitions,
     mergers, spin-offs and other market activities.

     Compared to the twelve months ended 31 December 2020, the retention rate of
     customers with revenue contributions of more than US$100,000(1) for the twelve
     months ended 31 December 2021 was 91.5%, and the dollar-based net
     expansion rate(2) is 184.9%. The details are as follows:

                                                     The retention of
                                                  the customers with
                                                 revenue contribution
                                                        of more than                    Overall
                                                         US$100,000                 retention(5)

     The number of retained customers
        for the current period(3) with
        revenue contribution of more than
        US$100,000                                                    181                   249
     The number of customers for the base
        period(4) with revenue contribution of
        more than US$100,000                                          204                   272
     Customer retention rate with
        revenue contribution of more than
        US$100,000                                               88.7%                   91.5%
     Dollar-based net expansion rate(2)                         175.2%                  184.9%

     Notes:


     (1)      In the table and above, more than US$100,000 means US$100,000 or more, and includes
              US$100,000.


     (2)      Dollar-based net expansion rate: (Average revenue contribution of current retained
              customers in the current period/Average revenue contribution of the current retained
              customers in the base period) * 100%.


     (3)      Current period: twelve months ended 31 December 2021.


     (4)      Base period: twelve months ended 31 December 2020.

     (5)      Includes customers with revenue contribution of more than US$100,000 during the base
              period, and customers with revenue contribution of more than US$100,000 during the
              current period but less than US$100,000 during the base period.




                                                                            Annual Report 2021 41
   Management Discussion and Analysis




                   3)   Customers whose Mintegral platform revenue contribution exceeded
                        US$100,000(1), divided by revenue scale
                        We have calculated the number and revenue contribution of scaled enterprise
                        customers whose revenue contribution was between US$100,000 and US$1
                        million (that is, US$1 million > revenue contribution ≥ US$100,000), between
                        US$1 million and US$10 million (that is, US$10 million > revenue contribution ≥
                        US$1 million), and US$10 million or more (that is, revenue contribution ≥ US$10
                        million) in the past 12 months. According to the scale of revenue contribution,
                        we define them as small-sized enterprise customers, medium-sized enterprise
                        customers and large-sized enterprise customers. In addition, we define
                        customers whose revenue contribution is less than US$100,000 (i.e.,
                        US$100,000 > revenue contribution > US$0) as micro-sized enterprise
                        customers.

                        For the year ended 31 December 2021, the number of customers including
                        small-sized enterprise customers (US$1 million > revenue contribution ≥
                        US$100,000), medium-sized enterprise customers (US$10 million > revenue
                        contribution ≥ US$1 million) and large-sized enterprise customers (revenue
                        contribution ≥ US$10 million) and their revenue contribution are as follows:

                                                    Small-sized     Medium-sized         Large-sized
                                                     enterprise        enterprise         enterprise
                                                      customer          customer           customer

                        Number of customers                  185                 72                10
                        Total customer revenue
                          (US$’000)                     70,607.2         237,280.1         253,951.2
                        Average revenue
                          contribution of
                          customers (US$’000)              381.7            3,295.6         25,395.1
                        Percentage of total
                          Mintegral revenue               12.3%              41.3%             44.2%




42 Mobvista Inc.
                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




4)   Retention of customers whose Mintegral platform revenue contribution exceeded
     US$100,000(1), divided by revenue scale

     We have calculated the retention rates of customers of different revenue scales.
     By comparing the two consecutive twelve-month statistical periods, we have
     calculated the number of enterprise customers of different revenue scales in the
     previous statistical period who are considered active customers during the
     current period. The increase in revenue contribution of the customer group over
     time is driven by the increase in customer retention and dollar-based net
     expansion rate. Through the analysis of the retention of enterprise customer
     groups of different revenue scales and dollar-based net expansion rate, we can
     understand the internal growth of the business. In addition, the number of our
     customers may be adjusted based on acquisitions, mergers, spin-offs and other
     market activities.

                                                                                                 Data for the
                                                                                       12-month period as of
                                                                                         the year ended 2021
                                                                                          and the year ended
                                                                                                        2020

     Small-sized enterprise customer            Number of customers retained in the                      131
        (US$1 million > Revenue contribution        current period(2)
        ≥ US$100,000)                           Number of customers in the base                          150
                                                    period(3)
                                                Customer retention rate                                87.3%
                                                Dollar-based net expansion rate(1)                    271.7%

     Medium-sized enterprise customer           Number of customers retained in the                       44
        (US$10 million > Revenue contribution       current period(2)
        ≥ US$1 million)                         Number of customers in the base                           48
                                                    period(3)
                                                Customer retention rate                                91.7%
                                                Dollar-based net expansion rate(1)                    176.3%

     Large-sized enterprise customer            Number of customers retained in the                        6
         (Revenue contribution ≥ US$10              current period(2)
         million)                               Number of customers in the base                            6
                                                    period(3)
                                                Customer retention rate                               100.0%
                                                Dollar-based net expansion rate(1)                    131.6%

     Notes:

     (1)      Dollar-based net expansion rate: (Average revenue contribution of current retained
              customers in the current period/Average revenue contribution of the current retained
              customers in the base period) * 100%.

     (2)      Current period: twelve months ended 31 December 2021.

     (3)      Base period: twelve months ended 31 December 2020.


                                                                                      Annual Report 2021 43
   Management Discussion and Analysis




              3.1.2 Main operational data
                   Quarter-to-quarter
                     change                                 2021Q4              2021Q3              2021Q2              2021Q1

                   Cooperating advertisers(1)
                     retention rate                           84.6%               86.0%               86.0%               86.2%
                   Changes in the number
                     of new cooperating
                     advertisers                              22.4%               25.7%               28.1%               24.3%
                   Cooperating traffic
                     publishers(2) retention
                     rate                                     92.0%               92.9%               92.9%               92.8%
                   Changes in the number of
                     new cooperating traffic
                     publishers                               16.1%               17.2%               16.8%               18.3%
                   Changes in the number of
                     new cooperating traffic
                     apps                                     27.5%               24.8%               15.3%               10.3%

                   Notes:

                   (1)      Cooperating advertisers: defined as advertisers who have cooperated with the platform within a
                            certain period of time. They may generate revenue for us, and may also be our potential customers.

                   (2)      Cooperating traffic publishers: defined as the subject of traffic publishers who sends fill requests to
                            the platform within a certain period of time. It may be a traffic provider that we need to pay to, or it
                            may be a traffic provider that we may pay to in the future.


                   At the end of the Reporting Period, the cooperating advertisers and traffic publishers
                   are well-retained and growing constantly. The quarter-over-quarter retention rates of
                   cooperating advertisers in 2021Q4 and 2021Q3 were 84.6% and 86.0%, respectively,
                   and the number of new cooperating advertisers has increased by 22.4% and 25.7%
                   respectively compared with the last period; the cooperating traffic publishers’
                   retention rate in 2021Q4 and 2021Q3 were 92.0% and 92.9%, respectively, and the
                   number of new cooperating traffic publishers has increased by 16.1% and 17.2%
                   respectively compared with the last period, and the number of cooperating traffic apps
                   has increased by 27.5% and 24.8% compared with the last period.




44 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                       Management Discussion and Analysis




4.   Revenue from Advertising Technology Business by Mobile App Category
     The following table sets forth a breakdown of revenue from the advertising technology business by
     mobile App category(1) for the periods indicated:

                                                         For the year ended 31 December
                                              2021                            2020
                                                            % of                          % of
                                                     advertising                    advertising
                                                     technology                     technology
                                                        business                      business
                                       US$’000           revenue        US$’000        revenue              YoY Change

     Game                              477,371              63.4%            306,159             59.4%             55.9%
     E-commerce                         95,532              12.7%            102,619             19.9%             –6.9%
     Social and content                107,011              14.2%             33,552              6.5%            218.9%
     Lifestyle                          26,096               3.5%             15,360              3.0%             69.9%
     Utility                            34,482               4.6%             17,840              3.5%             93.3%
     Others                             12,181               1.6%             39,927              7.7%            –69.5%

     Total revenue
       from advertising
       technology
       business                        752,673            100.0%             515,457            100.0%              46.0%

     Note:

     (1)     The application category division shown in the table is based on the application type that uses our applications
             (customers).


     During the Reporting Period, the game category recorded revenue of US$477.4 million
     (corresponding period of 2020: US$306.2 million), with a steady increase of 55.9% YoY,
     accounting for 63.4% of the advertising technology business revenue. The main reasons for this
     increase are: 1) during the Reporting Period, the Group continued to strengthen the synergies
     between GA and the advertising technology business, consolidating its long-term advantages in
     the casual/hyper-casual game field, laying a foundation for the further development of the game
     category, and making Mintegral’s game category revenue grow rapidly; In addition, the Group
     actively expanded the mid-core and hardcore game vertical category, and the revenue contribution
     and proportion of mid-core and hardcore game enterprise customers increased; 2) However, due
     to the Group’s initiative to reduce the top media agency business in Nativex, the revenue of
     Nativex’s game category has declined significantly, thus dragging down the overall game category
     revenue growth;




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021 45
   Management Discussion and Analysis




        The E-commerce category recorded revenue of US$95.5 million (corresponding period of 2020:
        US$102.6 million), a YoY decrease of 6.9%, accounting for 12.7% of the advertising technology
        business revenue. The main reasons for the decline in E-commerce revenue are: 1) due to the
        Group’s active strategic contraction of top media agency business and the impact of the
        epidemic, some of Nativex’s E-commerce customers in the Americas have reduced their budget,
        resulting in a significant decline in Nativex’s E-commerce revenue; 2) but at the same time, the
        rapid vertical development of E-commerce on the Mintegral platform has partially offset the impact
        of the decline in E-commerce revenue on Nativex’s business revenue growth;

        The social and content category has grown substantially by 218.9% to US$107.0 million
        (corresponding period in 2020: US$33.6 million), this increase is mainly due to the large increase
        of demand for overseas launches of Chinese social and content category apps, which resulted in
        faster growth in both Nativex and Mintegral’s revenue contribution from customers in this
        category;

        The advertising revenue of lifestyle apps has steadily increased. During the Reporting Period,
        revenues were recorded at US$26.1 million (corresponding period in 2020: US$15.4 million), a
        YoY increase of 69.9%. This increase is mainly due to: 1) as some lifestyle customers in the Asia-
        Pacific region have begun to actively establish cooperation with the Group, Nativex’s income from
        lifestyle apps has increased significantly; 2) Mintegral’s income from lifestyle apps in China and the
        EMEA region has also maintained steady growth;

        During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to improve the scenario coverage, actively
        expanded sub-categories, refined operations of mature application services, and deepened
        competitive barriers while gaining market share thereby laying a foundation for long-term
        development.

        4.1   Revenue from Mintegral business by Mobile App Category
              The following table sets forth a breakdown of revenue from Mintegral by mobile App
              categories(1) during the indicated periods:

                                                           For the Year Ended 31 December
                                                   2021                         2020
                                                              % of                         % of
                                                          Mintegral                    Mintegral
                                             US$’000       revenue        US$’000       revenue    YoY Change

              Game                           444,238         77.3%        223,397         73.1%         98.9%
              E-commerce                      49,462          8.6%         25,828          8.4%         91.5%
              Social and content              54,736          9.5%         21,043          6.9%        160.1%
              Lifestyle                       12,131          2.1%          7,361          2.4%         64.8%
              Utility                          8,457          1.5%          3,112          1.0%        171.8%
              Others                           6,035          1.0%         25,076          8.2%        –75.9%

              Total revenue from
                 Mintegral                   575,059        100.0%        305,817        100.0%         88.0%




46 Mobvista Inc.
                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis




Note:

(1)     The application category division shown in the table is based on the application type that uses our
        applications (customers).


During the Reporting Period, the game category recorded revenue of US$444.2 million
(corresponding period in 2020: US$223.4 million), a YoY increase of 98.9%, accounting for
77.3% of Mintegral’s revenue. During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to
strengthen the synergies between GA and advertising technology businesses, and continued
to strengthen its long-term advantages in the field of casual/hyper-casual games, attracting
many enterprise customers of casual games to cooperate with the platform, and at the same
time, the casual games that have already cooperated with us continued to increase their
delivery on the Mintegral platform, which has promoted the rapid growth of Mintegral’s
game category revenue;

The E-commerce category recorded revenue of US$49.5 million (corresponding period of
2020: US$25.8 million), a YoY increase of 91.5%, accounting for 8.6% of Mintegral’s
revenue. The increase in E-commerce revenue was mainly due to the rapid development of
the E-commerce category of the Mintegral platform during the Reporting Period. Medium
and large E-commerce corporate customers in China and the Asia-Pacific region began to
strengthen their cooperation with the platform, which led to the rapid increase of revenue
from E-commerce customers at the Mintegral platform;

Social and content revenue increased by 160.1% to US$54.7 million (corresponding period
in 2020: US$21.0 million), this increase is mainly due to some medium to large scale
enterprise customers of social and content category in China and the Asia-Pacific Region
have strong demand to go overseas, which resulted in fast growth of their budget spent on
Mintegral platform;

The advertising revenue of lifestyle apps has also shown growth, and during the Reporting
Period, it recorded revenue of US$12.1 million (corresponding period in 2020: US$7.4
million), a YoY increase of 64.8%. This growth is mainly due to the increase in delivery
budget of lifestyle business customers from China and the EMEA region on the Mintegral
platform, but at the same time, due to the epidemic, many small and micro enterprise
customers have reduced their display, which has slowed down the growth of this category’s
revenue to a certain extent;

During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to improve the scenario coverage, actively
expanded sub-categories, refined operations of mature application services, and deepened
competitive barriers while gaining market share thereby laying a foundation for long-term
development.




                                                                                   Annual Report 2021 47
   Management Discussion and Analysis




   5.   Revenue from Advertising Technology Business by Geographic Region
        The following table sets forth a breakdown of revenue from the advertising technology business by
        geographic regions(1) for the period indicated:


                                                                          For the Year Ended 31 December
                                                              2021                               2020
                                                                            % of                                % of
                                                                      Advertising                         Advertising
                                                                      Technology                          Technology
                                                                        Business                            Business
                                                        US$’000         Revenue            US$’000          Revenue      YoY Change


        China(2)                                         265,749           35.3%           171,460            33.3%           55.0%
        EMEA(3) and Americas(4)                          328,966           43.7%           261,923            50.8%           25.6%
        Asia-Pacific(5)                                  145,746           19.4%            77,361            15.0%           88.4%
        Other regions(6)                                  12,212            1.6%              4,713             0.9%         159.1%


        Total advertising technology
          business revenue                               752,673          100.0%           515,457           100.0%           46.0%

        Notes:

        (1)      The regions classified in the table refers to the location of our advertisers’ main business departments.

        (2)      Includes the PRC, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan.

        (3)      Includes the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Germany, Russia, Greece, Iceland, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Egypt, Iraq,
                 Turkey.

        (4)      Mainly includes the United States, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, Chile, and Colombia.

        (5)      Mainly includes Australia, New Zealand and other Asian countries excluding China.

        (6)      Countries and regions other than the above countries and regions.




48 Mobvista Inc.
                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis




The division of regions in the table refers to the location of our advertisers’ main business
departments.

During the Reporting Period, the regional structure of advertising technology revenue was
diversified. Among them, the EMEA and Americas accounted for a large proportion, China
remained basically unchanged, and the rest of the world accounted for a relatively small
proportion.

Among them, the EMEA and Americas are the largest source of income, with a total revenue of
US$329.0 million (corresponding period of 2020: US$261.9 million), and the proportion of its
contribution to advertising technology business revenue has decreased to 43.7%. The revenue
growth in the EMEA and Americas is mainly due to: 1) with the gradual enhancement of the
Group’s technology and the scale of traffic delivered in the casual game category, the casual
game enterprise customers in the EMEA region continue to increase their deliveries in the
Mintegral platform, leading to the increase of the number of large enterprise customers in the
EMEA region. Moreover, the increase in the average deliveries of large enterprise customers has
promoted the rapid growth of revenue in the EMEA region. Besides, due to the impact of the
epidemic and other special factors, several enterprise customers above the designated size
controlled their advertising budget, causing Mintegral’s customer revenue in the Americas to fall,
offsetting some revenue growth; 2) in addition, due to the impact of the epidemic and the Group’s
retrenchment strategy in Nativex’s business, E-commerce enterprise customers above the
designated size in the Americas have controlled their budgets, some micro business have also
been affected to a certain extent, which has led to a decline in the revenue of e-commerce in the
Americas. At the same time, affected by domestic policies, Nativex’s game customers in the
Americas also reduced their deliveries in China and dragged down the overall revenue growth in
the EMEA and Americas.

China is the second largest source of income, with a revenue of US$265.7 million (the same period
in 2020: US$171.5 million), an increase of 55.0% on a YoY basis, accounting for 35.3% of the
advertising technology business revenue. The advertising technology business revenue
contribution slightly increased. The revenue growth in China was mainly due to: 1) during the
Reporting Period, the large increase of demand for overseas deliveries under the Chinese social
and content category, as well as the continuous increased budgets of medium and large
e-commerce enterprises, have led to the rapid growth of the Nativex business revenue in China; 2)
At the same time, with the expansion of different categories and the continuous enhancement of
platform strength, the revenue of the Mintegral business in China has also maintained steady
growth;




                                                                             Annual Report 2021 49
   Management Discussion and Analysis




           In addition, revenue in the Asia-Pacific region has grown significantly, with a revenue of US$145.7
           million (corresponding period of 2020: US$77.4 million), a YoY increase of 88.4%, and its
           contribution to the advertising technology business revenue has increased slightly. The growth in
           revenue in the Asia-Pacific region was mainly due to: 1) during the Reporting Period, the revenue
           of the Nativex business from customers in the Asia-Pacific region increased rapidly, mainly due to
           the gradual enhancement of the platform’s technical capabilities and the scale of delivery traffic in
           the casual game category, and the continuous increase in the number of customers and the
           average delivery scale of game enterprises in the Asia-Pacific region; 2) in addition, due to the
           Group’s continuous expansion in the e-commerce field in the Asia-Pacific region, medium and
           large-scale e-commerce enterprise customers in Southeast Asia have been increasing their
           budgets for Mintegral and Nativex, driving the overall revenue growth in the Asia-Pacific region.


   Cost of Sales
   For the year ended 31 December 2021, our cost of sales increased by 46.0% YoY to US$633.5 million
   (corresponding period in 2020: US$434.0 million). The cost mainly comes from the advertising
   technology business, and the growth is mainly due to the cost increase caused by the growth of the
   advertising technology business.

   The following table sets forth a breakdown of our cost of sales by type of costs for the periods
   indicated:

                                                       For the year ended 31 December
                                              2021                         2020
                                                           % of                        % of
                                                     respective                  respective
                                                       business                    business
                                      US$’000           revenue      US$’000        revenue YoY Change

   Marketing technology
      business cost
   Advertising technology
      business costs                    632,955          84.1%         433,978           84.2%          45.9%
   Traffic cost                         606,461          80.6%         414,207           80.4%          46.4%
   Server cost                           26,494           3.5%          19,771            3.8%          34.0%
   Other marketing
      technology business
      cost                                  500          20.6%              13            2.3%       3,746.2%
   Other marketing technology
      business cost                         500          20.6%              13            2.3%       3,746.2%
   Cloud computing business
      cost                                   35          11.1%              17           13.0%         105.9%
   Cloud computing product and
      service cost                           35          11.1%              17           13.0%         105.9%

   Total                                633,490          83.9%         434,008           84.2%          46.0%




50 Mobvista Inc.
                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis




Advertising technology business costs mainly include traffic costs and server costs. The increase in
server costs and traffic costs is mainly caused by the expansion of the advertising technology platform.

The increase in other marketing technology business costs is mainly due to: 1) Data analytics business
revenue increases, resulting in the corresponding increase in operation and maintenance costs; 2) Reyun
Data has been consolidated in December 2021.

In addition, the cost of the cloud computing technology business also increased due to the development
of related businesses.

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
The following table sets forth the gross profit and gross profit margin of the Company’s entire business
activities for the periods indicated:

                                            For the year ended 31 December
                                     2021                        2020
                            Gross profit Gross profit   Gross profit  Gross profit               YoY
                               US$’000        margin       US$’000        margin              Change

Marketing technology
  business
Advertising technology
  business                       119,718          15.9%          81,479          15.8%          46.9%
Other marketing
  technology business              1,924          79.4%             547          97.7%        251.7%
Cloud computing
  business                           280          88.9%             114          87.0%        145.6%

Total                            121,922          16.1%          82,140          15.9%          48.4%

During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded a gross profit of US$121.9 million (corresponding
period in 2020: US$82.1 million), a YoY increase of 48.4%. Gross profit margin increased to 16.1%
(corresponding period in 2020: 15.9%).




                                                                                   Annual Report 2021 51
   Management Discussion and Analysis




   Among them, the gross profit of the advertising technology business increased by 46.9% to US$119.7
   million on a YoY basis, with a gross profit margin of 15.9%, which is basically stable compared to the
   same period last year; changes in the gross profit margin of the advertising technology business are
   mainly caused by: 1) changes in the gross profit structure; 2) in the first quarter of the Reporting Period,
   Mintegral’s business was affected by the short-term impact of last year. It adopted an active recovery
   and expansion strategy, resulting in a rapid increase in traffic costs, which resulted in a lower gross
   profit for the Mintegral business in the first quarter; 3) in the second quarter of the Reporting Period, the
   Mintegral platform maintained the platform expansion strategy, and the traffic purchase strategy was
   more active compared with the same period last year, so that the gross profit margin in the second
   quarter is slightly lower than the gross profit margin in the same period last year; 4) in the third and
   fourth quarter of the Reporting Period, with the rapid recovery of the Mintegral business and the rapid
   development of the Group’s business, the gross profit of the platform remained stable and increased
   slightly, so that the gross profit margin for the year remained stable compared with the same period last
   year;

   The gross profit of the other marketing technology business is US$1.9 million, and the gross profit
   margin is 79.4%; The main reason for the change in the gross profit margin of other marketing
   technology business is: Reyun Data was consolidated in December 2021, which led to changes in the
   business structure of other marketing technology business.

   The gross profit of the cloud computing business is US$0.3 million, and the gross profit margin is
   88.9%, which is basically stable.

   In addition, the following table sets forth the gross profit margin of the advertising technology business
   based on net revenue for the period indicated:

                                                              2021                                           2020
                                                   2021        2021H2           2021H1            2020        2020H2      2020H1
                                                             US$’000                                        US$’000

   Advertising technology business
      net revenue(1)                             146,212         90,984          55,228         101,250          30,681   70,569
   Advertising technology business gross
      profit                                     119,718         77,729          41,989          81,479          23,387   58,092
   Gross profit margin of the advertising
      technology business based on net
      revenue                                     81.9%           85.4%          76.0%           80.5%           76.2%     82.3%

   Note:

   (1)     Net revenue is defined as revenue adjusted by deducting cost distributed to the traffic publishers.




52 Mobvista Inc.
                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis




During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded an advertising technology business gross profit margin
based on net revenue of 81.9% (corresponding period in 2020: 80.5%), which remained basically stable.
Among them, affected by the external impact on the Mintegral platform in the third quarter of 2020, the
gross profit margin of the advertising technology business based on net revenue fluctuated to a certain
extent in the second half of 2020 and the first half of 2021, and with the recovery of the business, the
gross profit margin of the advertising technology business based on net revenue in the second half of
2021 recovered and exceeded the pre-impact level.

Selling and Marketing Expenses
For the year ended 31 December 2021, our selling and marketing expenses increased by 178.0% YoY to
US$47.1 million (corresponding period in 2020: US$17.0 million). The main reasons for this increase are:
1) in 2020, due to COVID-19, the travel and publicity related expenses were relatively low; 2) actively
promoting the recovery of the programmatic advertising business from the incident related to public
opinions in 2020, rebuilding customer relationships, and increasing the scale of cooperation; 3) focusing
on expanding new vertical categories of the programmatic advertising business, laying the foundation for
the long-term rapid growth of the platform’s transaction scale.

During the Reporting Period, the share-based compensation included in selling and marketing expenses
amounted to US$0.2 million.

Research and Development Expenditure
For the year ended 31 December 2021, our expensed R&D expenses increased by 115% YoY to
US$68.8 million (corresponding period in 2020: US$31.9 million). The increase in expensed R&D
expenditures mainly comes from: 1) upgrading R&D strength, increasing investment in data scientist,
algorithm engineer and cloud architect teams, and accelerating high-end R&D talent pool; 2)
comprehensively upgrading the algorithmic framework of programmatic advertising, and using higher-
cost GPU computing power for system testing. In 2021, the global shortage of chips and the general rise
in computing power costs have pushed up the R&D and testing costs.

In addition, if we combine capitalized R&D expenses with expensed R&D expenditures, the total R&D
expenditures will be US$113.3 million, an increase of 113.4% over the same period last year.

The Group continues to firmly believe that R&D and technological upgrading are the core drivers of
business growth. Therefore, share grants are given to R&D personnel as incentives.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2021 53
   Management Discussion and Analysis




   General and Administrative Expenses
   For the year ended 31 December 2021, our general administrative expenses have decreased by 37.7%
   YoY to US$27.6 million (corresponding period in 2020: US$44.3 million). The decrease was mainly due
   to: 1) the Group continued to strengthen receivable management, resulting in the reversal of accounts
   receivable with bad debts accrued in the previous reporting period; 2) a decrease in share compensation
   for general and administrative personnel by US$3.3 million to US$1.9 million.

   Loss from Operations
   For the year ended 31 December 2021, our operating loss was US$12.4 million (corresponding period in
   2020: loss of US$5.2 million). If we exclude the effects of share-based compensation, depreciation and
   amortization, and investment loss from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss during the
   Reporting Period, our operating profit will increase by 9.2% YoY to US$23.5 million (corresponding
   period in 2020: US$21.5 million).

   After the Reporting Period, the amortization expense of intangible assets caused by the acquisition of
   Reyun Data will be included in profit/loss.

   Trade receivable turnover days
   During the Reporting Period, the Group’s overall trade receivable turnover days was 66, a significant
   improvement compared to the same period in 2020. This was mainly due to: 1) the Mintegral business
   continued to strengthen its bargaining power for customers and the trade receivables turnover days have
   been further decreased. Also, the proportion of Mintegral’s business has continued to increase, causing
   the overall trade receivable turnover days continue to decrease; 2) as at 31 December 2021, the
   accounts receivable generated from the top media agency business are classified as assets held for sale,
   and as of the date of this annual report, we have completed the overall divestiture of the related
   business.

   During the Reporting Period, the trade receivable of the Group’s business in the corresponding
   accounting period was basically collected according to the agreed terms, and the Group’s trade
   receivable management continued to be strengthened.

   (Unit: Days)                                                                Total trade receivable turnover days

   2021                                                                           66 (Not consider assets held for sale)
   2021                                                                             102 (Consider assets held for sale)
   2020                                                                                                             124

   Note: Considering that the relevant divested business has been classified as accounts receivable held for sale, the Company’s
          trade accounts turnover days are 102 days.




54 Mobvista Inc.
                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis




Net Cash Flow from the Operating Activities
During the Reporting Period, as the share of Mintegral’s business revenue continued to increase, the
Group strategically shrank the Nativex business that occupied more operating cash flow. At the same
time, management of accounts receivable continued to be strengthened and the condition of operating
cash flow continued to improve. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the amount of cash flow
generated by the Group’s operating activities in 2021 was US$42.5 million, a year-on-year increase of
172.9% compared with the end of the previous reporting period. The net cash flow generated by
operating activities increased significantly.

                                                          For the year ended 31 December
                                                            2021            2020            YoY
                                                         US$’000         US$’000         Change

Net Cash Flow from the Operating Activities                42,479             15,563           172.9%

Finance Costs
For the year ended 31 December 2021, our financial costs increased by 130.8% YoY to US$4.4 million
(corresponding period in 2020: US$1.9 million).

Income Tax
For the year ended 31 December 2021, we received tax benefits of US$6.0 million (corresponding period
in 2020: tax benefits of US$1.9 million), mainly due to losses during the Reporting Period.

Loss Attributable to Equity Holder of the Company
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the loss attributable to equity shareholders of the company was
US$25.0 million (corresponding period in 2020: loss of US$5.2 million).

Other Financial Information (Non-IFRS measures)
To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with IFRS, we also use
non-IFRS measures, namely EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net (loss)/profit, as additional
financial measures, which are not required by or presented in accordance with IFRS. We believe that
such non-IFRS measures facilitate comparisons of operating performance from time to time by
eliminating potential impacts of items that our management does not consider to be indicative of our
operating performance. We believe that such measures provide useful information to investors and
others in understanding and evaluating our consolidated results of operations in the same manner as it
helps our management. However, our presentation of adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to
similarly titled measures presented by other companies. The use of such non-IFRS measures has
limitations as an analytical tool, and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for
analysis of our results of operations or financial conditions as reported under IFRS.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2021 55
   Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                                 For the year ended 31 December
                                                      2021                            2020
                                                               % of Total                   % of Total
                                              US$’000           Revenue         US$’000      Revenue                  YoY Change

   Loss from operations                        (12,356)             -1.6%              (5,213)             -1.0%           -137.0%
   Add back:
     Depreciation and
        amortization                            29,049               3.9%              12,572               2.4%            131.1%

   EBITDA                                       16,693               2.2%               7,359               1.4%            126.8%

   Add back:
     Share-based compensation                     5,836              0.8%              13,194               2.6%            -55.8%
     Investment loss from
        financial assets at fair
        value through profit or
        loss                                      1,004              0.1%                 991               0.2%               1.3%

   Non-IFRS measures
     Adjusted EBITDA(1)                         23,533               3.1%              21,544               4.2%               9.2%

   Loss for the year                           (24,764)             -3.3%              (5,206)             -1.0%            375.7%

   Add back:
     Share-based compensation                     5,836              0.8%              13,194               2.6%            -55.8%
     Investment loss from
        financial assets at fair
        value through profit or
        loss                                      1,004              0.1%                 991               0.2%               1.3%
     Loss from change in fair
        value of derivative
        financial liabilities                   13,979               1.9%                   —                  —                  —

         Non-IFRS measures
           Adjusted net (loss)/
           profit(2)                             (3,945)            -0.5%               8,979               1.7%           -144.0%

   Notes:


   (1)      We define adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA (which is loss from operations plus depreciation and amortization expenses) for the
            year adjusted by adding back share-based compensation expenses and investment loss from financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss.


   (2)      We define adjusted net (loss)/profit as loss for the year adjusted by adding back share-based compensation expenses,
            investment loss from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and loss from change in fair value of derivative
            financial liabilities.




56 Mobvista Inc.
                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis




During the Reporting Period, the adjusted EBITDA profit of the Group was US$23.5 million
(corresponding period in 2020: profit of US$21.5 million), which has increased by 9.2% YoY, and the
adjusted net loss was US$3.9 million (corresponding period in 2020: profit of US$9.0 million).

Capital Structure and Gearing Ratio
The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands, and as of 31 December 2021 the Company’s
authorized share capital of US$100,000,000 was divided into 10,000,000,000 shares of US$0.01 each.
As of 31 December 2021, the number of issued ordinary shares of the Company was 1,664,118,164,
which has been fully paid up.

The Group’s primary objectives in capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue
as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for its shareholders and benefits for other
stakeholders, by pricing products commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access to
finance at a reasonable cost.

The Group’s gearing ratio is defined as the Group’s total liabilities over its total assets. As of 31
December 2021, our total assets were US$747.0 million (as of 31 December 2020: US$497.6 million),
while our total liabilities were US$387.6 million (as of 31 December 2020: US$229.8 million). The gearing
ratio (total liabilities divided by total assets) has rose to 51.9% (as of 31 December 2020: 46.2%).

We operate our business internationally and the receipt of our payments and the payments we make are
mainly denominated in US dollars. The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from variable rate bank
loans, and the effective interest rate of variable rate borrowings in 2021 is 1.20%–4.35% (2020: 4.00%–
4.79%).

Financial Resources
Our Company’s cash flow is principally sourced from capital contribution from shareholders, cash
generated from our operations and bank loans. As of 31 December 2021, our cash and cash equivalents
amounted to US$160.3 million (31 December 2020: US$39.3 million).

Capital Expenditure

The following table sets forth our capital expenditure for the years indicated:

                                                                              For the year ended
                                                                                31 December
                                                                                  2021            2020
                                                                               US$’000         US$’000

Property, plant and equipment                                                        564            240
Intangible assets and development costs                                           54,755         35,436

Total                                                                             55,319         35,676




                                                                                       Annual Report 2021 57
   Management Discussion and Analysis




   Our capital expenditure primarily consisted of expenditures on (i) property, plant and equipment, and (ii)
   intangible assets, including developed technologies (capitalized research and development expenditures),
   royalties, software and trademark. As of 31 December 2021, capital expenditure has increased by
   55.1% on a YoY basis to US$55.3 million (corresponding period in 2020: US$35.7 million).

   Significant Investments Held, Material Acquisitions and Disposal of
   Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures
   1.    The acquisition of Reyun Data
         On 27 April 2021, the Company and the founders (“Vendors B”) and the financial investors
         (“Vendors A”) of Reyun Data entered into acquisition agreements, pursuant to which the Company
         has conditionally agreed to acquire and Vendors A and Vendors B have conditionally agreed to sell
         in aggregate 100% equity interest in Reyun Data.

         On 17 September 2021, the Company and Vendors B entered into a supplemental agreement for
         the purpose of adjusting the consideration for approximately 52.13% of equity interest in Reyun
         Data from approximately RMB781,828,744 to approximately RMB469,097,246, which includes
         cash consideration of RMB140,729,172.60, and the allotment and issuance of 57,433,164
         consideration shares at the issue price of HK$6.83 each by the Company. All conditions precedent
         to the acquisition of approximately 52.13% equity interest of Reyun Data were satisfied in
         November 2021.

         On 29 November 2021, the Company and certain of the Vendors A who in aggregate own
         approximately 2.33% equity interest in Reyun Data, entered into a supplemental agreement for the
         purposes of adjusting the part of consideration payable to the subject Vendors A from
         RMB34,959,737 to RMB20,975,842.2 in aggregate.

         After the Reporting Period, as at the Latest Practicable Date, the Company has entered into a
         supplemental agreement with certain of the Vendors A who in aggregate own approximately
         9.69% equity interest in Reyun Data to adjust down the part of consideration payable to such
         Vendors A. The Company is still under negotiation with the remaining Vendors A to adjust and
         agree the remaining portion of the acquisition consideration.

         For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 28 April 2021, 17
         September 2021, 29 November 2021 and 26 January 2022.

   2.    Restructuring of the top media agency business (the media planning and
         procurement business)
         On 17 November 2021, 9 subsidiaries of the Company, as transferors, entered into a business
         restructuring agreement with Zhuhai Huiliang Investment Holdings Company Limited and
         Marketlogic Technology Limited, as transferees, Seamless and Guangzhou Huiliang Marketing
         Technology Company Limited (“Guangzhou Huiliang Marketing”), pursuant to which the
         transferors conditionally agreed to transfer, and the transferees conditionally agreed to receive, the
         entire issued share capital of Guangzhou Huiliang Marketing and certain business contracts and
         employment contracts relating to the media planning and procurement business of the Group, for
         the consideration of US$100,352,000.




58 Mobvista Inc.
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis




      The consideration was satisfied by Seamless by way of transfer of a total of 102,453,613 issued
      Shares to the restricted share unit schemes of the Company, which have been added to the share
      pools under the RSU Schemes. Upon completion of the restructuring on 3 March 2022,
      Guangzhou Huiliang Marketing ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company.

      For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 17 November 2021, 5
      January 2022 and 3 March 2022, and the Company’s circular dated 31 January 2022.

      Save as disclosed above, there were no significant investments held, material acquisitions and
      disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the Reporting Period.

Charges on Group’s Assets
As of 31 December 2021, none of the Group’s assets were charged with any parties or financial
institutions, except for the restricted cash of US$6.3 million pledged for a bank loan.

Material Investments or Future Plan for Major Investment
As of 31 December 2021, the Group did not hold any material investment and there was no specific plan
for material investments or capital assets, except for the acquisition of Reyun Data set out in the section
headed “Business Review”.

Contingent Liabilities and Financial Guarantees
As of 31 December 2021, there is no contingent liability or financial guarantee granted to third parties of
the Group, except for the contingent liabilities of US$0.3 million in relation to the acquisition of Reyun
Data.


Employee and Remuneration Policies
As of 31 December 2021, after the acquisition of Reyun Data, the Group has 21 offices around the
world, with 925 full-time employees (31 December 2020: 670 employees), mainly based in the
headquarter in Guangzhou, China. We have 527 employees engaged in R&D activities, and R&D
employees comprise 57% of our full-time employees. The number of employees employed by the Group
changes from time to time based on needs, and employee salaries are determined with reference to
market conditions and the performance, qualifications and experience of individual employees.

In order to nurture and retain talents, the Group has formulated systematic recruitment procedures and
offers competitive benefits and training opportunities. The remuneration policy and package of the
Group’s employees are reviewed on a regular basis. Employees will be evaluated according to their
appraisals, which would determine their performance bonus and share awards.


Foreign Exchange Risk Management
We operate our business internationally and the receipts of our payments and the payments we make
are mainly denominated in US dollars. We are exposed to non-US dollar currency risks primarily through
sales and purchases giving rise to receivables, payables and cash balances that are denominated in a
foreign currency. We manage foreign exchange risk by performing regular reviews of our foreign
exchange exposures.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2021 59
   PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


   Below is brief information of the current Directors and senior management of the Group.

   DIRECTORS
   The Board currently comprises eight Directors, of which four are executive Directors, one is a
   non-executive Director and three are independent non-executive Directors. The following table sets out
   information of the Directors.

   Name                    Age    Position                                        Date of Appointment

   Mr. DUAN Wei            36     Executive Director and chairman of the Board    16 April 2018

   Mr. CAO Xiaohuan        36     Executive Director                              16 April 2018

   Mr. FANG Zikai          37     Executive Director                              13 June 2018

   Mr. SONG Xiaofei        35     Executive Director                              31 March 2021

   Mr. WONG Tak-Wai        45     Non-executive Director                          19 February 2021

   Mr. YING Lei            52     Independent non-executive Director              31 October 2018

   Mr. HU Jie              46     Independent non-executive Director              31 October 2018

   Mr. SUN Hongbin         46     Independent non-executive Director              7 July 2020

   Executive Directors
   Mr. DUAN Wei (段威)
   Mr. Duan, aged 36, joined the Group in 2013. He is one of our co-founders, an executive Director, and
   the chairman of the Board of the Company and is responsible for overall strategic planning and the
   business direction of the Group. He serves as director of various subsidiaries of the Company.

   Mr. Duan obtained his bachelor’s degree in system science and engineering from Zhejiang University in
   2008.

   Mr. CAO Xiaohuan (曹曉歡)
   Mr. Cao, aged 36, joined the Group in 2014. He is one of our co-founders, an executive Director and the
   chief executive officer of the Company and is mainly responsible for overall management of the
   operations of the Group. He serves as director of various subsidiaries of the Company.

   Mr. Cao is currently a member of CPA Australia. Mr. Cao received his bachelor’s degree in system
   science and engineering in 2008 from Zhejiang University and later a master’s degree in system analysis
   and integration in 2011 from the same university.




60 Mobvista Inc.
                                                     Profile of Directors and Senior Management




Mr. FANG Zikai (方子愷)
Mr. Fang, aged 37, joined the Group in 2015. He is an executive Director and the chief product officer of
the Company, primarily responsible for product research and the management of the advertising
business line of the Group.

Mr. Fang received his bachelor’s degree from Zhejiang University in 2007, majoring in mathematics and
applied mathematics, and obtained a master’s degree of arts from the University of Pittsburgh in 2009.

Mr. SONG Xiaofei（宋笑飛）
Mr. Song, aged 35, joined the Group in 2015. He is an executive Director and the chief financial officer
of the Company, primarily responsible for the Group’s overall financial management. He serves as
director and legal representative of various subsidiaries of the Group.

Mr. Song was accredited as a Certified Public Accountant (non-practising) by The Chinese Institute of
Certified Public Accountants in February 2017. Mr Song received his bachelor’s degree from Guangdong
University of Foreign Studies in June 2008, majoring in English Linguistics.

Non-executive Directors
Mr. WONG Tak-Wai (黃德煒)
Mr. Wong, aged 45, was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Group in February 2021.

Mr. Wong is a partner and Co-Head of Private Equity of Pacific Alliance Group and served at Pacific
Alliance Group for 12 years. Mr. Wong is primarily responsible for private equity investment in the
Chinese market. Mr. Wong has been a non-executive director of Nayuki Holdings Limited (stock code:
02150) since December 2020. Mr. Wong has been a non-executive director of Yingde Gases Group
Company Limited (a company previously listed onthe Stock Exchange (stock code: 2168)）since April
2017. Mr. Wong has also served as an independent director of Tencent Music Entertainment Group (a
company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: TME)) from July 2016 to September 2020.
From 2006 to 2010, Mr. Wong served as the vice-president of the Hong Kong and Beijing Branch of
TPG-Newbridge (later TPG Capital Asian Fund). Before serving in TPG-Newbridge, Mr. Wong served as
an investment manager in the Investment Banking department at Morgan Stanley Hong Kong, San
Francisco and Beijing.

Mr. Wong received his bachelor’s degree in Business Administration and Asian Studies from the
University of California, Berkeley in 1999.

Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. YING Lei (應雷)
Mr. Ying, aged 52, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of our Group in October
2018. He is responsible for providing independent advice and judgment to our Board.

From May 2017 to November 2018, Mr. Ying served as an independent non-executive director of
Guangzhou Mobvista. From December 2013 to April 2016, Mr. Ying served as the independent director
of China CYTS Tours Holding Co., Ltd (Shanghai Stock Exchange Stock Code: 600138).

Mr. Ying received his bachelor’s degree in economics from Renmin University of China in 1991.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2021 61
   Profile of Directors and Senior Management




   Mr. HU Jie (胡杰)
   Mr. Hu, aged 46, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of our Group in October
   2018. He is responsible for providing independent advice and judgment to our Board.

   Mr. Hu joined Guangzhou R&F Properties Co., Ltd (stock code: 02777) since 2002, and is currently
   serving as its vice general manager and board secretary.

   Mr. Hu received his master’s degree in finance from Jinan University in 2000.

   Mr. SUN Hongbin (孫洪斌)
   Mr. Sun, aged 46, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of our Group in July 2020.
   He is responsible for providing independent advice and judgment to our Board.

   Mr. Sun has over 23 years of finance experience. He has been an independent non-executive director of
   New Century Healthcare Holding Co., Limited (新世紀醫療控股有限公司), a company listed on the Stock
   Exchange (stock code: 1518), since December 2016. He has been an independent non-executive
   director of Cstone pharmaceuticals (基石藥業), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code:
   2616), since February 2019. He has been an independent non-executive director of Abbisko Cayman
   Limited (和譽開曼有限責任公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2256), since
   September 2021. He has been the chief financial officer of MicroPort Scientific Corporation (微創醫療科
   學有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0853), since September 2010 and
   served as its executive director from July 2010 to September 2012. Mr. Sun has served as a director of
   Shanghai MicroPort MedBot (Group) Co., Ltd. (上海微創醫療機器人（集團）股份有限公司), a company
   listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2252, “MedBot”) since April 2020, and as a non-executive
   director and the chairman of the board of MedBot from June 2021. He was the financial director of
   Otsuka (China) Investment Co., Ltd. (大塚（中國）投資有限公司) from January 2004 to January 2006 and
   then worked as its director and general manager from January 2006 to August 2010. From August 1998
   to January 2004, he was an assistant manager in the audit department of KPMG Huazhen (畢馬威華振會
   計師事務所) in Shanghai.

   Mr. Sun has been a member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants (中國註冊會計師協
   會) since December 2009 and also a chartered financial analyst in September 2009.

   He received his bachelor’s degree in accounting from Shanghai Jiao Tong University (上海交通大學) in
   China in July 1998.




62 Mobvista Inc.
                                                     Profile of Directors and Senior Management




SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. CAI Chao (蔡超)
Mr. Cai, aged 45, is the vice president of technology and the chief engineering architect of the Company,
primarily responsible for leading the development of SpotMax (a cost optimization system based on
cloud computing) and constructing the core structure of the company’s programmatic business. Mr. Cai
joined the Group in 2017.

Mr. Cai was certified as a system architect by the Beijing Municipal Human Resources and Social
Security Bureau in 2005.

Mr. Cai received his master’s degree from the Institute of Computer Science, Guizhou University,
majoring in computer software and theories.

Mr. WU Feng (吳峰)
Mr. Wu, aged 36, is the Vice President of Technology of the Company, primarily responsible for
managing the overall engineering center team and all engineering structure research and development,
testing and operation and maintenance of the Company’s Mintegral product lines. Mr. Wu joined the
Group in 2015.

Mr. Wu received his master’s degree from Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications in 2009,
majoring in communications and information systems.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2021 63
   DIRECTOR’S REPORT


   The Board is pleased to present the annual report together with the audited consolidated financial
   statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021.

   PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
   The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 16 April 2018 as an exempted company with
   limited liability under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands. We are a technology service company
   operating within the global mobile internet ecosystem, providing marketing technology services and
   cloud computing technology services needed for business expansion.

   An analysis of the Group’s revenue and operating profit for the year by principal activities is set out in the
   section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 35 to 59 in this annual report and note
   3 to the financial statement.

   FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
   The five-year financial summary of the Group is set out on page 3 in the section headed “Five-Year
   Financial Summary” of this annual report.

   RESULTS
   The financial results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 are set out on pages 142 to
   149 of this annual report.

   DIVIDEND POLICY AND FINAL DIVIDEND
   Under the Articles of Association, our Company in general meeting may declare dividends in any
   currency to be paid to our shareholders, provided that no dividend shall exceed the amount
   recommended by our Directors. In addition, our Directors may from time to time pay to our shareholders
   such interim dividends as appear to our Directors to be justified by the profits of our Company. No
   dividend may be declared or paid other than out of profits and reserves of the Company lawfully
   available for distribution, including share premium.

   We are a holding company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, the payment
   and amount of any future dividend will also depend on the availability of dividends received from our
   subsidiaries. PRC laws require that dividends be paid only out of the profit for the year calculated
   according to PRC accounting principles, which differ in many aspects from the generally accepted
   accounting principles in other jurisdictions, including IFRS. PRC laws also require a foreign-invested
   enterprise to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profits, if any, to fund its statutory reserves, which are
   not available for distribution as cash dividends. Distributions from us and our subsidiaries may also
   become subject to any restrictive covenants in bank credit facilities, convertible bond instruments or
   other agreements that we or our subsidiaries may enter into in the future.

   No final dividend was recommended by the Board for the year ended 31 December 2021 (for the year
   ended 31 December 2020: nil).




64 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                  Director’s Report




BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 is set out as below:

                                                   Section(s) in this Annual Report

a Fair review of the Company’s business            Management Discussion and Analysis

b Description of the principal risks and           Management Discussion and Analysis; Director’s
  uncertainties the Company is facing               Report

c Indication of likely future development of the   Letter to Shareholders; Business Review
  Company’s business

d Analysis using financial key performance         Financial Summary; Management Discussion and
  indicators                                          Analysis

e Discussion on the Company’s environmental        ESG report
  policies and performance

f Discussion on the Company’s compliance with      Corporate Governance Report; Director’s Report
  the relevant laws and regulations that have a
  significant impact on the Company

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s five largest customers in aggregate accounted
for approximately 31.3% of the Group’s total revenue. The Group’s largest customer accounted for
11.2% of the Group’s total revenue.

During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s five largest suppliers in aggregate accounted for
approximately 32.7% of the Group’s total purchase. The Group’s largest supplier accounted for 9.5% of
the Group’s total purchase.

To the best of the knowledge of the Directors, none of the Directors, their close associates or any
shareholder (which to the knowledge of the Directors owns more than 5% of the Company’s share
capital) had an interest in the Group’s five largest customers and suppliers.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of the movements in property and equipment of the Group during the year ended 31 December
2021 are set out in note 10 to the financial statements on pages 188 to 189 of this annual report.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movements in share capital of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2021 are
set out in note 26 to the financial statements on pages 214 to 216 of this annual report.




                                                                                 Annual Report 2021 65
   Director’s Report




   RESERVES
   Details of the movement in the reserves of the Group and of the Company during the year ended 31
   December 2021 are set out in note 27 to the financial statements on pages 217 to 220 of this annual
   report.

   DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
   As at 31 December 2021, the Company’s distributable reserves were US$267,434,000.

   BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS
   As at 31 December 2021, particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Company are set out in
   note 20 and 22 to the financial statements on pages 204 to 206 of this annual report.

   DONATIONS
   The total donations made by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2021 amounted to
   approximately US$25,000.

   DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
   Save as disclosed in the sections headed “Interests of Directors and Chief Executive in Securities” and
   “RSU Scheme”, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2021 has the Company or any of its
   subsidiaries enabled the Directors to acquire benefits by means of an acquisition of shares or
   debentures of the Company or any body corporate.

   DIRECTORS
   The Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date were:

   EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
   Mr. DUAN Wei (Chairman)
   Mr. CAO Xiaohuan (Chief Executive Officer)
   Mr. FANG Zikai
   Mr. SONG Xiaofei

   NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
   Mr. WONG Tak-Wai

   INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
   Mr. YING Lei
   Mr. HU Jie
   Mr. SUN Hongbin




66 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                    Director’s Report




CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE FROM THE INDEPENDENT
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Company has received annual confirmation made by each of the independent non-executive
directors under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules regarding their independence, and considers all the
independent non-executive directors to be independent.

CHANGE IN INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF DIRECTORS
During the year ended 31 December 2021, Mr. WONG Tak-Wai has been appointed as an non-executive
Director on 19 February 2021 and Mr. SONG Xiaofei has been appointed as an executive Director on 31
March 2021. Save as disclosed above, the Directors confirm that no information is required to be
disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF THE DIRECTORS AND THE SENIOR
MANAGEMENT
Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Group are set out in this annual
report in the section headed “Profile of Directors and Senior Management” on pages 60 to 63.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
(a)   Executive Directors
      Mr. DUAN Wei, Mr. CAO Xiaohuan and Mr. FANG Zikai, as executive Directors, have respectively
      entered into a service contract with the Company on 19 June 2018 and renewed on 19 June
      2021. Each service contract was for a term of three years (subject always to re-election as and
      when required under the Articles of Association) until termination.

      Mr. SONG Xiaofei has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of three years
      on 31 March 2021 (subject always to re-election as and when required under the Articles of
      Association) until termination.

(b)   Non-executive Director
      Mr. WONG Tak-Wai, as a non-executive Director, has entered into an appointment letter with the
      Company for a term of three years on 19 February 2021 (subject always to re-election as and
      when required under the Articles of Association) until termination.

(c)   Independent non-executive Directors
      Mr. YING Lei and Mr. HU Jie, as independent non-executive Directors, have respectively entered
      into an appointment letter with the Company for a term of three years on 31 October 2018 and
      renewed on 19 June 2021 (subject always to re-election as and when required under the Articles
      of Association) until termination.

      Mr. SUN Hongbin, as an independent non-executive Director, has entered into an appointment
      letter with the Company for a term of three years on 7 July 2020 (subject always to re-election as
      and when required under the Articles of Association) until termination.

      None of the Directors have a service contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries that is
      not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than
      statutory compensation).

                                                                                   Annual Report 2021 67
   Director’s Report




   REMUNERATION POLICY
   The Group’s remuneration policies are based on the merits, qualifications and competence of individual
   employees and are reviewed by the Remuneration Committee periodically. The emoluments of the
   Directors are recommended by the Remuneration Committee and are decided by the Board, having
   regard to the Group’s operating results, individual performance of each Director and comparable market
   statistics.

   EMOLUMENTS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
   Details of the Directors’ emoluments and emoluments of the five highest paid individuals in the Group are
   set out in notes 7 and 8 to the financial statements on pages 184 to 186 of this annual report.

   Details of the senior management’s emoluments in the Group are set out in the corporate governance
   report on page 95 of this annual report.

   Except as disclosed above, no other payments have been made or are payable, for the year ended 31
   December 2021, by our Group to or on behalf of any of the Directors and senior management.

   RETIREMENT AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS SCHEME
   Details of the retirement and employee benefits scheme of the Company are set out in note 24 to the
   financial statements on page 208 of this annual report.

   DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
   We have entered into confidentiality and non-competition agreements with our Directors. During the year,
   none of the Directors or their respective close associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) had any
   interest in a business that competed or was likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the
   business of the Group, other than being a director of the Company and/or its subsidiaries.

   MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
   Other than the Directors’ service contracts and appointment letters, no contract concerning the
   management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Group was
   entered into or in existence as at the end of the year or at any time during the year ended 31 December
   2021.

   DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR
   CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
   Save as disclosed in this annual report, no transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance
   subsisted in which a Director or an entity connected with a Director was materially interested, whether
   directly or indirectly, as at the end of the year or at any time during the year ended 31 December 2021.

   PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
   A permitted indemnity provision (as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of
   Hong Kong) in relation to the directors’ and officers’ liability insurance is currently in force and was in
   force during the Listing Date to the Latest Practicable Date.




68 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                      Director’s Report




CONTRACT WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
Save as the contract in relation to the restructuring of the top media agency business (the media
planning and procurement business) set out in the section headed “Management Discussion and
Analysis”, no contract of significance was entered into between the Company or any of its subsidiaries
and the Controlling Shareholders or any of its subsidiaries during the year ended 31 December 2021 or
subsisted at the end of the year and no contract of significance for the provision of services to the
Company or any of its subsidiaries by a Controlling Shareholder or any of its subsidiaries was entered
into during the year ended 31 December 2021 or subsisted at the end of the year.

NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKINGS
As disclosed in the Prospectus, each of our Controlling Shareholders undertook to the Company in a
deed of non-competition that, subject to and except as mentioned in the Prospectus, the Controlling
Shareholders would not and shall procure that its/ his close associates (excluding the Group) will not
carry on, engage, invest, participate or otherwise be interested in any business in the mobile advertising
and mobile analytics business as described in the Prospectus that is currently or intended to be carried
on by the Company in any part of the world.

Each of them has confirmed in writing to the Company their compliance with the deed of
non-competition for disclosure in this annual report during the financial year of 2021. No new business
opportunity was informed by them as at 31 December 2021. The independent non-executive Directors
have reviewed the implementation of the deed of non-compete undertaking and are of the view that the
non-competition undertakings have been complied with by the Controlling Shareholders for the year
ended 31 December 2021.

MATERIAL LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The Group was not involved in any material legal proceedings during the year ended 31 December 2021.

INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS IN SECURITIES
As at 31 December 2021, the interests or short positions of the Directors of the Company in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning
of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”),
which (a) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7
and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which he/she was taken or deemed
to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to
be recorded in the register referred to therein; or (c) were required to be notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:




                                                                                      Annual Report 2021 69
   Director’s Report




   (a)   Interest in Shares
                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                                     percentage of
                                                                                                                    the Company’s
                                                                                   Number of ordinary                 issued share
         Name of Director              Nature of Interest                           shares interested                       capital

         Mr. DUAN Wei (1)              Beneficial owner                                   1,838,000（L)                       0.11%
                                       Interest in controlled corporation            1,130,336,842（L)                      67.92%
         Mr. CAO Xiaohuan              Interest in controlled corporation                2,875,000（L)                       0.17%
         Mr. FANG Zikai                Beneficial owner                                    300,000（L)                       0.02%
                                       Interest in controlled corporation                2,969,100（L)                       0.18%
         Mr. SONG Xiaofei (2)          Interest in controlled corporation                2,192,400 (L)                      0.13%

         Note:

         L: Long Position

         (1)     Guangzhou Mobvista, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Seamless, holds 1,130,336,842 Shares of the Company,
                 representing 67.92% of the total number of issued Shares. Mr. Duan, Guangzhou Huimao, and Horgos Duanshi
                 Pearl River Equity Investment Co., Ltd. and Guangzhou Huihong directly holds 12.94%, 17.97% and 4.20% and
                 5.24% stake in Guangzhou Mobvista, respectively. The general partner of Guangzhou Huimao is Guangzhou
                 Huisui, which is owned by Mr. Duan as to 95%. Guangzhou Huisui holds the entire voting and disposition power in
                 Guangzhou Huimao. The general partner of Guangzhou Huihong is Guangzhou Huimu, which is owned by Mr Duan
                 as to 70%. Guangzhou Huimu holds the entire voting and disposition power in Guangzhou Huihong. Therefore,
                 Mr. Duan is deemed to be interested in Guangzhou Huimao’s and Guangzhou Huihong’s interest in Guangzhou
                 Mobvista under the SFO. Horgos Duanshi Pearl River Equity Investment Co., Ltd. is wholly-owned by Mr. Duan;
                 therefore, Mr. Duan is deemed to be interested in Horgos Duanshi Pearl River Equity Investment Co., Ltd.’s interest
                 in Guangzhou Mobvista under the SFO. As a result, Mr. Duan is deemed to be interested in an aggregate of 40.35%
                 interest in Guangzhou Mobvista, and thus is further deemed to be interested in the 1,130,336,842 Shares of the
                 Company which Guangzhou Mobvista is interested in. Apart from that, Mr Duan owns 1,838,000 Shares in the
                 Company directly.

         (2)     Out of the 2,192,400 Shares which Mr. Song Xiaofei is interested in, 250,000 Shares are underlying Shares in
                 respect of 250,000 unvested RSUs granted to Mr. Song.


   (b)   Interest in associated corporation
                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                                        percentage of
                                                     Registered Capital                                               shareholding in
                              Associated              of the associated                             Number of          the associated
         Name of Director     Corporation                   corporation   Nature of interests          shares             corporation


         Mr. DUAN Wei (1)     Guangzhou Mobvista       RMB372,644,072     Beneficial owner          48,207,872(L)             12.94%
                                                       RMB372,644,072     Interest in controlled   102,154,080(L)             27.41%
                                                                             corporation
         Mr. CAO Xiaohuan (2) Guangzhou Mobvista       RMB372,644,072     Beneficial owner           2,410,496(L)              0.65%
                                                       RMB372,644,072     Interest in controlled    16,575,860(L)              4.45%
                                                                             corporation




70 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                                          Director’s Report




         Notes:

         L: Long Position

         (1)      Mr. Duan, Guangzhou Huimao, Horgos Duanshi Pearl River Equity Investment Co., Ltd. and Guangzhou Huihong
                  directly holds 12.94%, 17.97%, 4.20% and 5.24% stake in Guangzhou Mobvista, respectively. The general
                  partner of Guangzhou Huimao is Guangzhou Huisui, which is owned by Mr. Duan as to 95%. Guangzhou Huisui
                  holds the entire voting and disposition power in Guangzhou Huimao. The general partner of Guangzhou Huihong
                  is Guangzhou Huimu, which is owned by Mr. Duan as to 70%. Guangzhou Huimu holds the entire voting and
                  disposition power in Guangzhou Huihong. Therefore, Mr. Duan is deemed to be interested in Guangzhou Huimao’s
                  and Guangzhou Huihong’s interest in Guangzhou Mobvista under the SFO. Horgos Duanshi Pearl River Equity
                  Investment Co., Ltd. is wholly-owned by Mr. Duan; therefore, Mr. Duan is deemed to be interested in Horgos
                  Duanshi Pearl River Equity Investment Co., Ltd.’s interest in Guangzhou Mobvista under the SFO.

         (2)      Mr. Cao, Horgos Huichun Equity Investment Co., Ltd. and Guangzhou Huiqian directly holds 0.65%, 1.28% and
                  3.17% stake in Guangzhou Mobvista, respectively. Horgos Huichun Equity Investment Co., Ltd. is a company
                  wholly-owned by Mr. Cao. The general partner of Guangzhou Huiqian is Mr. Cao, who held 1% interest in
                  Guangzhou Huiqian. The limited partners of Guangzhou Huiqian are Mr. XI Yuan, Mr. Fang, Mr. WANG Ping and
                  Horgos Duanshi Pearl River Equity Investment Co., Ltd. (a company wholly-owned by Mr. Duan), holding 27.26%,
                  27.26%, 27.26% and 17.21% interest in Guangzhou Huiqian, respectively. Currently the general partner, namely Mr.
                  Cao, holds the entire voting and disposition power in Guangzhou Huiqian.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS INTERESTS IN SECURITIES
As at 31 December 2021, the following persons will have interests or short positions in Shares or
underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV
of the SFO or, will be, directly or indirectly, interested in 5% or more of the nominal value of any class of
share capital carrying rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of our Company and are
therefore regarded as substantial shareholders of our Company under the Listing Rules:

                                                                                                            Approximate
                                                                                                           percentage of
                                                                                     Number of        shareholding in the
Name of Shareholder                 Capacity/Nature of Interest                     Shares held                Company

Seamless (1)                        Beneficial owner                          1,130,336,842 (L)                        67.92%
Guangzhou Mobvista (1)              Interest in controlled corporation        1,130,336,842 (L)                        67.92%
Mr. DUAN Wei (2)                    Interest in controlled corporation        1,130,336,842 (L)                        67.92%
                                    Beneficial owner                              1,838,000 (L)                         0.11%
GIC Private Limited                 Investment Manager                          129,066,000 (L)                         8.03%

Notes:

L: Long Position

(1)      Seamless holds 1,130,336,842 Shares in the Company, representing 67.92% of the issued shares. Seamless is
         wholly-owned by Guangzhou Mobvista. Therefore, Guangzhou Mobvista is deemed to be interested in the 1,130,336,842
         Shares held by Seamless under the SFO.

(2)      Mr. Duan, Guangzhou Huimao, Horgos Duanshi Pearl River Equity Investment Co., Ltd. and Guangzhou Huihong directly
         holds 12.94%, 17.97%, 4.20% and 5.24% stake in Guangzhou Mobvista, respectively. The general partner of Guangzhou
         Huimao is Guangzhou Huisui, which is owned by Mr. Duan as to 95%; Guangzhou Huisui holds the entire voting and
         disposition power in Guangzhou Huimao. The general partner of Guangzhou Huihong is Guangzhou Huimu, which is owned
         by Mr. Duan as to 70%. Guangzhou Huimu holds the entire voting and disposition power in Guangzhou Huihong. Therefore,
         Mr. Duan is deemed to be interested in Guangzhou Huimao’s and Guangzhou Huihong’s interest in Guangzhou Mobvista
         under the SFO. Horgos Duanshi Pearl River Equity Investment Co., Ltd. is wholly-owned by Mr. Duan; therefore, Mr. Duan is
         deemed to be interested in Horgos Duanshi Pearl River Equity Investment Co., Ltd.’s interest in Guangzhou Mobvista under
         the SFO. As a result, Mr. Duan is deemed to be interested in an aggregate of 40.35% interest in Guangzhou Mobvista, and


                                                                                                         Annual Report 2021 71
   Director’s Report




         thus is further deemed to be interested in the 1,130,336,842 Shares which Guangzhou Mobvista is interested in. Apart from
         that, Mr Duan owns 1,838,000 Shares in the Company directly.


   Apart from the foregoing, the Company had not been notified of any other interest by prescribed notices
   which were required to be recorded in the register kept under section 336 of the SFO.

   RSU SCHEMES
   (a)   Employee RSU Scheme
         We adopted the Employee RSU Scheme on 27 September 2018 and amended on 19 November
         2018 and 7 December 2020 to incentivize employees and consultants. The Company has
         appointed Sovereign Trustees Limited as the Employee RSU Trustee to assist with the
         administration and vesting of RSUs granted pursuant to the Employee RSU Scheme. The
         Company selects the Employee RSU Participants under the Employee RSU Scheme at its
         discretion.

         The Employee RSU Scheme is and will be valid and effective for a period of ten (10) years,
         commencing from the date of the first grant of the RSUs, being 1 November 2018.

         The Shareholders of the Company approved and adopted the amendments of increasing the
         maximum number of the underlying Shares that may be granted under the Employee RSU Scheme
         in aggregate from 60,849,858 Shares to 79,249,858 Shares on 7 December 2020. The Company
         intended to fund the Employee RSU Trustee for their acquisition of additional shares on the
         secondary market pursuant to and for the purpose of the Restricted Share Unit Schemes. As at 31
         December 2021, the Employee RSU Trustee had purchased 18,398,000 shares from the market to
         hold on trust, for the purpose of satisfying the amended RSU Scheme.

         As at 31 December 2021, the Company has granted a total of 92,177,457 RSUs to participants
         under the Employ RSU Scheme, of which 58,417,190 RSUs had been vested and 17,703,136
         RSUs had been lapsed. None of the grantees of the RSUs under the Employee RSU Scheme are
         Directors, members of the senior management of the Company or otherwise core connected
         person(s) of the Company.

         As at 31 December 2021, here below are the details of the RSUs granted and outstanding under
         the Employee RSU Scheme:

                              Number of Shares RSUs granted during     RSUs vested during    RSUs lapsed during    Number of Shares
                               underlying RSUs      the period from        the period from       the period from    Underlying RSUs
         Name of grantees        outstanding at   1 January 2021 to      1 January 2021 to     1 January 2021 to       outstanding at
         of RSUs                1 January 2021   31 December 2021       31 December 2021      31 December 2021     31 December 2021


         Employees and
           consultants (1)            38,975,074           1,506,825            18,519,582             5,905,186           16,057,131

         Note:

         (1)     comprise 304 employees, 34 consultants as at 1 January 2021 and 270 employees, 54 consultants as at 31
                 December 2021.




72 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                                          Director’s Report




(b)   Management RSU Scheme
      We adopted the Management RSU Scheme on 19 November 2018 and amended on 7 December
      2020 to incentivize directors, senior management, officers and consultants of the Company or its
      subsidiaries for their contribution to the Group. The Company has appointed Sovereign Fiduciaries
      (Hong Kong) Limited as the Management RSU Trustee to assist with the administration and vesting
      of RSUs granted pursuant to the Management RSU Scheme. Connected Globe Holdings Limited
      (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Management RSU Trustee) holds and manages shares
      underlying the RSUs for the benefit of eligible participants pursuant to the Management RSU
      Scheme.

      The Management RSU Scheme is and will be valid and effective for a period of ten (10) years,
      commencing from the date of the first grant of the RSUs, being 21 November 2018.

      The Shareholders of the Company approved and adopted the amendments of increasing the
      maximum number of the underlying Shares that may be granted under the Management RSU
      Scheme in aggregate from 11,150,300 Shares to 15,750,300 Shares on 7 December 2020. The
      Company intended to fund the Management RSU Trustee for their acquisition of additional shares
      on the secondary market pursuant to and for the purpose of the Restricted Share Unit Schemes.
      As at 31 December 2021, the Management RSU Trustee had purchased 4,567,000 shares from
      the market to hold on trust, for the purpose of satisfying the amended RSU Scheme.

      As at the date of 31 December 2021, the Company has granted a total of 17,625,200 RSUs to
      participants under the Management RSU Scheme, of which 14,156,350 RSUs had been vested
      and 2,322,000 RSUs had been lapsed. Details of which are set out in the table below.

                                  Number of Shares RSUs granted during RSUs vested during RSUs lapsed during     Number of Shares
                                   underlying RSUs      the period from   the period from    the period from       underlying RSUs
      Name of grantees of            outstanding at   1 January 2021 to 1 January 2021 to  1 January 2021 to         outstanding at
      RSUs                          1 January 2021   31 December 2021 31 December 2021 31 December 2021          31 December 2021


      Director
      FANG Zikai                            450,800                  0             450,800                   0                   0
      SONG Xiaofei                        1,169,800                  0             919,800                   0             250,000
      Other management                    4,678,500          1,996,800           3,456,450           2,322,000             896,850


      Total (1)                           6,299,100          1,996,800           4,827,050           2,322,000           1,146,850

      Note:

      (1)         Includes two directors, two senior management members (including entities wholly owned by the relevant grantees).


SHARE OPTION SCHEME
The Share Option Scheme was conditionally approved and adopted by our Shareholders on 30 October
2018, and became effective on the Listing Date. The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to
incentivize and reward eligible persons for their contribution to our Group and to align their interests with
that of our Company so as to encourage them to work towards enhancing the value of our Company.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2021 73
   Director’s Report




   The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten years commencing on the
   Listing Date, after which period no further options will be granted, the provisions of the Share Option
   Scheme shall remain in full force and effect to the extent necessary to give effect to the exercise of any
   options granted prior thereto which are at that time or become thereafter capable of exercise under the
   Share Option Scheme, or otherwise to the extent as may be required in accordance with the provisions
   of the Share Option Scheme.

   A summary of the Share Option Scheme is set out below:

   1)    Eligible persons
         The Board (including any committee or delegate of the Board appointed by the Board to perform
         any of its functions pursuant to the rules of the Share Option Scheme) may, at its absolute
         discretion, offer to grant an option to subscribe for such number of Shares as the Board may
         determine to an employee (whether full time or part-time) or a Director of a member of our Group
         or associated companies of our Company (“Eligible Persons”).

   2)    Maximum number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted
         The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted
         under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes (if any) of our Company
         must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in issue as at the Listing Date
         (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”). As at the Latest Practicable Date, the total number of Shares
         available for issue under the Share Option Scheme is 151,886,700 shares, representing
         approximately 9.2% of the shares in issue (i.e. 1,651,515,164 Shares) as at the Latest Practicable
         Date.

         The Board may, with the approval of the Shareholders in general meeting refresh, the Scheme
         Mandate Limit provided that the total number of Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of
         all options to be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of
         our Company (the “Other Schemes”) under the Scheme Mandate Limit as refreshed must not
         exceed 10% of the Shares in issue as at the date on which the Shareholders approve the
         refreshment of the Scheme Mandate Limit. The Board may, with the approval of the Shareholders
         in general meeting, grant options to any Eligible Person who, as specifically identified by the
         Board, would cause the Scheme Mandate Limit to be exceeded. Our Company shall send to the
         Shareholders a circular containing the information required under the Listing Rules for the purpose
         of seeking approval from the Shareholders.

         At any time, the maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of all
         outstanding options which have been granted and not yet exercised under the Share Option
         Scheme and any Other Schemes of our Company to Eligible Persons must not exceed 30% of the
         total number of Shares in issue from time to time.

         The maximum number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted shall be adjusted in
         such manner as the auditors of our Company or independent financial adviser appointed by the
         Board shall certify in writing to the Board to be fair and reasonable, in the event of any alteration in
         the capital structure of our Company whether by way of capitalization of profits or reserves, rights
         issue, consolidation or subdivision of shares, or reduction of the share capital of our Company
         provided that no such adjustment shall be made in the event of an issue of Shares as
         consideration in respect of a transaction.


74 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                     Director’s Report




3)   Maximum entitlement of each individual
     No options shall be granted to any Eligible Person under the Share Option Scheme and any Other
     Schemes of our Company which, if exercised, would result in such Eligible Person becoming
     entitled to subscribe for such number of Shares, when aggregated with the total number of Shares
     already issued or to be issued to him under all options granted to him (including exercised,
     cancelled and outstanding Options) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of offer of
     such options, exceeding 1% of the Shares in issue at such date.

     Any further grant of options to an Eligible Person in excess of this 1% limit shall be subject to the
     approval of the Shareholders in general meeting with such Eligible Person and his close associates
     (or if such Eligible Person is a connected person of our Company, his associates) abstaining from
     voting. Our Company must send a circular to the Shareholders disclosing the identity of the
     Eligible Person in question, the number and terms of the options to be granted (and options
     previously granted to such Eligible Person) and such other information required under the Listing
     Rules.

     The number and terms (including the exercise price) of the options to be granted to such Eligible
     Person must be fixed before the Shareholders’ approval and the date of the Board meeting
     approving such further grant shall be taken as the date of grant for the purpose of determining the
     exercise price of the options.

4)   Option Period
     Any option which remains unexercised shall lapse upon the expiry of the option period, which
     period shall be determined by the Board and shall not exceed ten years from the offer date of the
     option.

5)   Minimum Period for which an Option must be held before it can be exercised
     Unless the exercise of an option would, in the opinion of the Board, be in breach of a statutory or
     regulatory requirement or unless the Board determines otherwise in its absolute discretion, any
     option (1) which has been vested; (2) of which conditions have been satisfied or waived by the
     Board in its sole discretion; and (3) which has not lapsed, may be exercised at any time from the
     next business days after the offer of options has been accepted by an option-holder pursuant to
     the Share Option Scheme.

6)   Payment on acceptance of the Option and the period within which payments must be
     made
     An offer of options shall be open for acceptance for such period (not exceeding 30 days inclusive
     of, and from, the date of offer) as the Board may determine and notify to the Eligible Person
     concerned provided that no such offer shall be open for acceptance after the expiry of the
     duration of the Share Option Scheme. An offer of options which has not been accepted within this
     period shall lapse.

     An amount of HK$1.00 is payable upon acceptance of the grant of an option and such payment
     shall not be refundable and shall not be deemed to be a part payment of the exercise price.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2021 75
   Director’s Report




   7)        Basis of determining the exercise price
             Subject to any adjustment made as described in the rules of the Share Option Scheme, the
             exercise price shall be such price as determined by the Board and notified to an option-holder and
             which shall not be less than the higher of:

             (i)        the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets on
                        the date of offer of the option;

             (ii)       the average of the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily
                        quotation sheets for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of offer of the
                        option; and

             (iii)      the nominal value of the Shares.

   8)        Remaining life of the Share Option Scheme
             The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten years commencing on the
             Listing Date, after which no further options will be granted, but the provisions of the Share Option
             Scheme shall remain in full force and effect to the extent necessary to give effect to the exercise of
             any options granted prior thereto which are at that time or become thereafter capable of exercise
             under the Share Option Scheme, or otherwise to the extent as may be required in accordance with
             the provisions of the Share Option Scheme.

   During the year ended 31 December 2021, details of movements in the share options under the Share
   Option Scheme are as follows:

                                                                     Options to subscribe for Shares
                                                                                                  Outstanding       Exercise
                            Outstanding      Granted    Exercised    Cancelled         Lapsed            at 31      price per
   Catagory and name        at 1 January   during the   during the   during the     during the     December            Share                     Validity   Exercisable
   of grandees                      2021         year         year         year           year           2021            HK$ Date of grant       period     period(2)

   Employees of the Group
                                      —     5,000,000           —            —              —           5,000,000       7.24   30 July 2021(1)   10 years   from 31 August
                                                                                                                                                                2022 to 29
                                                                                                                                                                July 2031
                                      —     5,000,000           —            —              —           5,000,000       7.24   30 July 2021(1)   10 years   from 31 August
                                                                                                                                                                2023 to 29
                                                                                                                                                                July 2031
                                      —     5,000,000           —            —              —           5,000,000       7.24   30 July 2021(1)   10 years   from 31 August
                                                                                                                                                                2024 to 29
                                                                                                                                                                July 2031
                                      —     5,000,000           —            —              —           5,000,000       7.24   30 July 2021(1)   10 years   from 31 August
                                                                                                                                                                2025 to 29
                                                                                                                                                                July 2031

   Total                              —    20,000,000           —            —              —          20,000,000


   Notes:

   (1)       The closing price of the Shares on the date immediately preceding the date of grant is HK$7.28.

   (2)       The vesting period commences on the date of grant and up to the share options becoming exercisable.




76 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                                                                     Director’s Report




PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman
Islands which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro rata basis to existing
Shareholders.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
The related party transactions which were undertaken in the normal course of business are set out in
note 31 to the consolidated financial statements.

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Property Lease Agreement
Mobvista Technology, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into renewed
property lease agreements with each of Guangzhou Ruisou, Guangzhou Huichun, and Duanshi
Investment, respectively (together the “Renewed Property Lease Agreements”), on 29 December
2020, for a term of three years from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2023. Guangzhou Ruisou and
Duanshi Investment are wholly-owned by Guangzhou Mobvista and Mr. Duan, respectively, while
Guangzhou Huichun is indirectly wholly-owned by Mr. Cao. As a result, Each of Guangzhou Ruisou,
Guangzhou Huichun, and Duanshi Investment is a connected person of the Company under the Listing
Rules.

Details of the Renewed Property Lease Agreements are set out below:

                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                gross floor area   Approximate Monthly Rental                     Duration of
Landlord             Tenant                Location                                      (sq.m.)   (RMB)                             Intended use Agreement


Guangzhou Ruisou     Mobvista Technology Units 02–04 and 06–12 of 44/F, and               4,719    2021:RMB1,456,873.47             Office        Three years
                                             Units 01–04 and 06–12 of 43/F,                           (equivalent to US$223,279.05
                                             Tianying Plaza (East Tower), No.                      2022:RMB1,529,717.14
                                             222–3, Xingmin Road, Zhujiang                            (equivalent to US$234,443.00)
                                             New Town, Tianhe District,                            2023:RMB1,606,203.00
                                             Guangzhou, PRC                                           (equivalent to US$246,165.15)


Guangzhou Huichun Mobvista Technology Unit 05, 43/F, Tianying Plaza (East                   310    2021: RMB95,814.65                Office       Three years
                                          Tower), No. 222-3, Xingmin                                  (equivalent to US$14,684.46)
                                          Road, Zhujiang New Town,                                 2022:RMB100,605.38
                                          Tianhe District, Guangzhou, PRC                             (equivalent to US$15,418.69)
                                                                                                   2023:RMB105,635.65
                                                                                                      (equivalent to US$16,189.62)


Duanshi Investment   Mobvista Technology Unit 05, 44/F, Tianying Plaza (East                310    2021: RMB95,636.03                Office       Three years
                                             Tower), No. 222-3, Xingmin                               (equivalent to US$14,657.09)
                                             Road, Zhujiang New Town,                              2022:RMB100,417.83
                                             Tianhe District, Guangzhou, PRC                          (equivalent to US$15,389.94)
                                                                                                   2023:RMB105,438.72
                                                                                                      (equivalent to US$16,159.44)

As at 31 December 2021, the actual rentals paid by Mobvista Technology under the Renewed Property
Lease Agreements amount to approximately RMB19.4 million.



                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2021 77
   Director’s Report




   Save as disclosed above, none of the related party transactions disclosed in the consolidated financial
   statements constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions of the Company
   which are required to be disclosed in this annual report. The Directors confirmed that the Company has
   complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

   FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK MANAGEMENT
   We operate our business internationally and our receipts and payments are mainly denominated in US
   dollars. We are exposed to non-US dollar currency risks primarily through sales and purchases giving
   rise to receivables, payables and cash balances that are denominated in a foreign currency. We
   managed foreign exchange risk by performing regular reviews of our net foreign exchange exposures.

   OTHER PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
   Our operations and future financial results could be materially and adversely affected by various risks.
   The following highlights the principal risks that the Group is susceptible to and is not meant to be
   exhaustive:

   •     We generate our revenues almost entirely from the advertising services we provide. If we fail to
         retain existing advertisers and publishers, deepen or expand our relationships with advertisers and
         publishers, or attract new advertisers and publishers, our financial position, results of operations
         and prospects may be materially and adversely affected.

   •     If the mobile advertising industry fails to continue to develop and grow, or if the mobile advertising
         market develops or grows more slowly than expected, our profitability and prospects may be
         materially and adversely affected.

   •     If we fail to introduce new or enhanced services to keep up with the technological developments or
         new business models of the mobile advertising and mobile analytics industries, or the changing
         requirements of advertisers, publishers and mobile analytics users, our business, financial position
         and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.

   •     We expect to continue to experience intense competition. If we fail to compete effectively against
         other mobile advertising companies and other mobile analytics service providers, we could lose
         advertisers, publishers or mobile analytics users, and our revenues may decline.

   •     If we provide inaccurate or fraudulent data, it may have an adverse impact on our business, results
         of operations and reputation.

   •     Our business is subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations. Many of these laws and
         regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and could result in claims, changes
         to our business practices, monetary penalties, increased cost of operations, or declines in user
         growth or engagement, or otherwise harm our business.

   •     Misappropriation or misuse of privacy information and failure to comply with laws and regulations
         on data protection, including the GDPR, could result in claims, changes to our business practices,
         monetary penalties, increased cost of operations, or declines in advertisers, publishers or mobile
         analytics user base, or otherwise harm our business.




78 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                          Director’s Report




•       Any breaches of our security measures, including unauthorized access, computer viruses and
        hacking, may adversely affect our database, reduce use of our services and damage our
        reputation and brand names.

•       The COVID-19 pandemic since the beginning of 2020 has brought more uncertainty to our
        operating environment. If the pandemic cannot be effectively controlled in the future, there will be
        adverse effects on our daily operations, operating performance and financial situation.

•       As we insist on the strategy of globalization, most of our income is generated from China, EMEA
        and the Americas. If other countries or regions adjust their policies toward China, it may adversely
        affect our overseas business.

PURCHASE, SALE AND REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED
SECURITIES
During the Reporting Period, the Company has purchased a total of 8,055,000 Shares (the “Shares
Repurchased”) of the Company on the Stock Exchange at an aggregate consideration (excluding
transaction costs) of approximately HK$51.54 million. Particulars of the Shares Repurchased are as
follows:

                                                                 Price paid per share           Aggregate
                                               No. of Shares      Highest     Lowest         consideration
Month of Repurchase                            Repurchased           (HK$)      (HK$)            (HK$’000)


December 2021                                       8,055,000          6.78        6.04           51,536.1

Total                                               8,055,000                                     51,536.1

The Board believes that the share repurchase demonstrates the Company’s confidence in its own
business outlook and prospects and would, ultimately, benefit the Company and create value for the
Shareholders.

The Shares Repurchased were canceled on 26 January 2022.

Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed
any of the Company’s securities listed on the Stock Exchange during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2021 79
   Director’s Report




   USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING
   The shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange on 12 December
   2018 by way of global offering. The total net proceeds including those from the partial exercise of the
   over-allotment option was approximately US$154.2 million.

   As at 31 December 2021, the following table sets out the breakdown of the use of proceeds from the
   global offering:

                                                            Amount            Amount
   Purpose of Net Proceeds                                Allocated           Utilized          Balance
                                                         US$’million       US$’million        US$’million

   1 Big data and AI technologies and IT
     infrastructure                                              46.3              46.3                0.0
   2 Improvement of services on our mobile
     advertising and mobile analytics platform                   46.3              46.3                0.0
   3 Implement our “Glocal” strategy by enhancing
     our local service capabilities and expanding
     our global footprint                                        15.4              15.4                0.0
   4 Strategic investments and acquisitions                      30.8              30.8                0.0
   5 General working capital                                     15.4              15.4                0.0

   Total of net proceeds                                       154.2              154.2                0.0

   Considering that (a) there was no immediate demand for the Company to utilise part of the proceeds
   from the global offering and (b) the Company had reserved sufficient cash for its operation and
   immediate usage plan for utilising the proceeds from the global offering, and the Company believed that
   the investment in wealth management product is similar to traditional deposits placed with banks or
   financial institutions; the Company entered into an investment management agreement (the “Investment
   Management Agreement”) in December 2018 with a financial institution in Hong Kong (the “Financial
   Institution”), being an independent third party, pursuant to which the Company invested in a wealth
   management product (the “Wealth Management Product”) with a principal amount of US$70,000,000
   (the “Principal Amount”). According to the usage plan for utilising the proceeds from the global offering
   and taking into account the then available internal resources, the Company entered into a supplemental
   agreement to the Investment Management Agreement (the “Supplemental Agreement”) with the
   Financial Institution in March 2019 and as of May 2021, the Company has withdrawn all the remaining
   Principal Amount from the Financial Institution. Pursuant to terms of the Investment Management
   Agreement and the Supplemental Agreement, the Wealth Management Product was renewed upon its
   maturity by December 2020 with guaranteed Principal Amount and no fixed interest rate attached to it
   and the Company may withdraw part or all of Principal Amount at any time upon the written consent by
   the parties.

   During the Reporting Period, save as discussed in the foregoing paragraph, the Group has followed the
   plan for the use of proceeds as set out in the Prospectus. As at December 2021, all of the proceeds
   from the global offering has been used according to the timeline as set out in the Prospectus.




80 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                        Director’s Report




ISSUE OF CONVERTIBLE BONDS
On 3 January 2021, the Company and PAGAC III Munich Holding (Cayman) Limited (the “Investor”)
entered into a conditional investment agreement (the “Investment Agreement”), pursuant to which:

(1)     the Investor conditionally agreed to subscribe for, and the Company agreed to issue bonds (the
        “Convertible Bonds”) in the principal amount of US$30,000,000; and

(2)     the Company conditionally agreed to issue 41,978,339 Shares at HK$5.5 per Share (the
        “Conversion Price”) assuming all the conversion rights attaching to the bonds in the principal
        amount of US$30,000,000 are exercised.

The Conversion Price represents a premium of approximately 14.9% to the closing price per Share of
HK$4.8 as quoted on the Stock Exchange on 31 December 2020 (being the last trading date before the
date of the Investment Agreement). The reason for the issuance of the Convertible Bonds is to enhance
the Company’s working capital and accelerate the expansion of advertising and cloud computing
business. The net proceeds, after deducting all related fees and expenses, from the issue of the
Convertible Bonds are approximately US$28.0 million. Assuming conversion of the Convertible Bonds
into conversion shares in full at the Conversion Price, the net price per conversion share is US$0.7 and a
total of 41,978,339 new Shares of the Company with an aggregate nominal value of approximately
US$419,783 will fall to be issued. None of the Convertible Bonds was converted since issuance.

On 22 January 2021, all conditions precedent as set out in the Investment Agreement were fulfilled and
completion took place. The Convertible Bonds with the principal amount of US$30,000,000 were issued
to the Investor. The Company used the net proceeds for global expansion of the advertising technology
business and marketing of cloud computing business of the Group. The following table sets out the
breakdown of the use of net proceeds as at 31 December 2021:

                                                         Amount             Amount
Use of Net Proceeds                                     Allocated            Utilized           Balance
                                                     (US$’million)      (US$’million)       (US$’million)

Global expansion of advertising technology
business                                                      23.3               23.3                 0.0
Marketing of cloud computing business                          4.7                4.7                 0.0

Total                                                         28.0               28.0                 0.0

For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 4 January 2021. During the
Reporting Period, the Group had followed the proposed use of proceeds as set out in the announcement
of the Company dated 4 January 2021.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2021 81
   Director’s Report




   PLACING EXISTING SHARES AND TOP-UP SUBSCRIPTION OF NEW
   SHARES UNDER THE GENERAL MANDATE
   On 13 April 2021, the Company and Seamless entered into a placing and subscription agreement (the
   “Placing and Subscription Agreement”) with CMB International Capital Limited (the “Placing Agent”).
   Pursuant to the Placing and Subscription Agreement, the Placing Agent agreed to procure one
   purchaser to purchase, on a best effort basis, an aggregate of 72,481,000 existing Shares (the “Sale
   Shares”) at the placing price of HK$5.9 per Share (the “Placing Price”) (the “Placing”); at the same
   time, Seamless agreed to subscribe for, and the Company agreed to issue to Seamless, an aggregate of
   72,481,000 new Shares (the “Subscription Shares”) at HK$5.9 per Share (the “Subscription Price”)
   (being the same as the Placing Price), in each case upon the terms and subject to the conditions set out
   in the Placing and Subscription Agreement (the “Subscription”).

   On 15 April 2021, the completion of the Placing took place, as a result of which (i) a total of 72,481,000
   Sale Shares were successfully placed by the Placing Agent to the placee, being GIC Private Limited, at
   the Placing Price. To the best of the knowledge, information and belief of the Directors, having made all
   reasonable enquiries, GIC Private Limited and its ultimate beneficial owners, save for its existing interest
   in the Company, (a) are independent of, and not connected with, the Company and their respective
   associates and connected persons and (b) are independent of, and not acting in concert with Seamless,
   their respective associates and persons acting in concert with Seamless. A total of 72,481,000 new
   Subscription Shares (being the same number as the Sale Shares), were allotted and issued to Seamless
   at the Subscription Price on 21 April 2021.

   The Subscription Price represents a discount of approximately 8.8% to the closing price of HK$6.5 per
   Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on 12 April 2021, being the last trading date immediately prior
   to the date of the Placing and Subscription Agreement. The reason for the Subscription is to raise
   additional funding for the business operations, drive the development and expansion of the Cloud
   Business Unit and SaaS tooling matrix of the Company and strengthen the Company’s financial position,
   and provide working capital to the Company to meet any financial obligations. The net proceeds, after
   deducting all related fees and expenses, from the Subscription amounted to approximately US$54.6
   million. The net price per Subscription Share is US$0.8. The aggregate nominal value of the Subscription
   Shares is US$724,810.




82 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                       Director’s Report




The following table sets out the breakdown of the use of net proceeds from the Subscription as at 31
December 2021:

                                                        Amount             Amount
Use of Net Proceeds                                   Allocated            Utilized           Balance
                                                     US$’million        US$’million         US$’million

The development and expansion of Cloud
  Business Unit                                              13.6                4.1                9.5
The development and expansion of SaaS tooling
  matrix                                                     41.0               11.9               29.1

Total                                                        54.6               16.0               38.6

During the Reporting Period, the Group had followed the proposed use of proceeds as set out in the
announcement of the Company dated 13 April 2021 and expects to utilise the balance of the net
proceeds of approximately US$38.6 million by April 2023.

ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
The Group is highly aware of the importance of environment protection and has not noted any material
non-compliance with all relevant laws relating to workplace conditions, employment and the
environment. The Group has implemented environmental protection measures and has also encouraged
staff to be environmentally friendly at work by consuming electricity and paper according to actual
needs, so as to reduce energy consumption and minimize unnecessary waste. For further details of the
Group’s environmental policies and performance, please refer to the section headed “Environmental,
Social and Governance Report” in this annual report.

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The forthcoming Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) will be held on Wednesday,8 June 2022. A notice
convening the AGM and all other relevant documents will be published and despatched to the
Shareholders in April 2022.

CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
The register of members of the Company will be closed from Thursday, 2 June 2022 to Wednesday, 8
June 2022, both days inclusive, in order to determine the eligibility of the Shareholders to attend and
vote at the AGM to be held on 8 June 2022, during which period no transfer of shares will be registered.
In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM, all properly completed transfer documents
accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the branch share registrar of the
Company in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712–1716,
17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong, for registration no later than 4:30
p.m. on Wednesday, 1 June 2022.




                                                                                   Annual Report 2021 83
   Director’s Report




   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
   On 22 February 2022, the restructuring of the top media agency business (the media planning and
   procurement business) of the Group and the proposed amendments to the rules of the RSU Schemes
   of the Company were approved at the AGM of the Company. On 3 March 2022, All the conditions
   precedent under the business restructuring agreement have been fulfilled and completion took place.
   For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 22 February 2022 and 3 March
   2022.

   On 10 March 2022, the Group, as borrower, and Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited,
   as lender, entered into a facility agreement (the “Facility Agreement”), pursuant to which the bank
   agreed to provide the Company non-revolving loan facilities of up to US$75,000,000. Pursuant to the
   terms of the Facility Agreement, the final repayment date is the date falling 364 days from the date of
   the Facility Agreement, unless extended by the parties in accordance with the Facility Agreement. Under
   the terms of the Facility Agreement, if Mr. Duan Wei (the chairman of the Board, an executive director
   and a controlling shareholder of the Company) and Mr. Cao Xiaohuan (an executive director and the
   chief executive officer of the Company) cease to hold (directly or indirectly) beneficially more than 23%
   of the issued share capital of the Company in aggregate (excluding any part of that issued share capital
   that carries no right to participate beyond a specified amount in a distribution of either profits or capital),
   the facilities will be cancelled and all outstanding amounts accrued under the facilities shall become
   immediately due and payable. For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 10
   March 2022.

   AUDIT COMMITTEE
   The Audit Committee has reviewed the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the
   year ended 31 December 2021.

   PUBLIC FLOAT
   Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and to the best knowledge of the
   Directors, the Company has maintained a public float of no less than 25% of the issued shares as at the
   Latest Practicable Date, which was in line with the requirement under the Listing Rules.

   AUDITOR
   The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 have been
   audited by KPMG, certified public accountants. KPMG will retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for
   re-appointment. A resolution for their re-appointment as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the
   AGM.




   By order of the Board
   DUAN Wei
   Chairman

   Guangzhou, PRC, 31 March 2022


84 Mobvista Inc.
                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Company is committed to achieving and maintaining high standards of corporate governance by
focusing on the principles of integrity, accountability, transparency, independence, responsibility and
fairness. The Company has developed and implemented sound corporate governance policies and
measures, and the Board is responsible for performing such corporate governance duties. The Board will
continue to review and monitor the corporate governance of the Company, as well as various internal
policies and procedures, including but not limited to those applicable to Directors and employees, with
reference to the Corporate Governance Code (“CG Code”) set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules
and other applicable legal and regulatory requirements so as to maintain a high standard of corporate
governance of the Company.

During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company has complied with the applicable code
provisions of the CG Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules other than code provision
C.2.1, which stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and
should not be performed by the same individual.

Mr. DUAN was the chairman of the Board and chief executive officer of our Company during the period
from 1 January 2021 to 13 January 2021. With extensive experience in the mobile advertising and
mobile analytics industry, during the period from 1 January 2021 to 13 January 2021, Mr Duan was
responsible for the overall strategic planning and general management of our Group and has been an
instrumental part of our growth and business expansion since the establishment of our Group. During
the same period, the balance of power was ensured by the following reasons: (i) the audit committee of
the Company comprised all independent non-executive Directors; and (ii) the independent non-executive
Directors had free and direct access to the Company’s external auditor and independent professional
advisers when considered necessary. The Board believes that such structure was appropriate under the
size of operation, enabling the Company to make and implement decisions promptly and efficiently. The
Board has full confidence in Mr. DUAN, and believes that his appointment to the posts of chairman and
chief executive officer was beneficial to the business prospects of the Company during the period from 1
January 2021 to 13 January 2021. Save for the above, the Company has applied the principles and
code provisions as set out in the CG Code during the Reporting Period.

On 14 January 2021, Mr. DUAN resigned as the chief executive officer of the Company, and Mr. CAO
was appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company. After such change, the Company has
complied with the provisions of code provision C.2.1.

Our Board currently comprises four executive Directors (including Mr. DUAN), one non-executive Director
and three independent non-executive Directors and therefore its composition has a fairly strong element
of independence.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group. The Board oversees the Group’s
strategic decisions and monitors business development and performance. The Board has delegated the
authority and responsibility of the day-to-day management and operation of the Group to the senior
management of the Group. To oversee particular aspects of the Company’s affairs, the Board has
established three Board Committees, including the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and
the Nomination Committee. The Board has delegated to the Board Committees responsibilities as set
out in their respective terms of reference.




                                                                                   Annual Report 2021 85
   Corporate Governance Report




   All Directors have carried out their duties in good faith and in compliance with applicable laws and
   regulations, and have acted in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders at all times.

   The Company has arranged appropriate liability insurance in respect of legal action against the Directors.
   The insurance coverage will be reviewed on an annual basis.

   Board Composition
   Currently, the Board consists of eight Directors, including four executive Directors, one non-executive
   Director and three independent non-executive Directors. The Broad is comprised of Mr. DUAN Wei
   (chairman of the Board), Mr. CAO Xiaohuan (chief executive officer), Mr. FANG Zikai and Mr. SONG
   Xiaofei as executive Directors; Mr. Wong Tak-Wai as non-executive Director; Mr. YING Lei, Mr. HU Jie
   and Mr. SUN Hongbin as independent non-executive Directors.

   The biographies of the Directors are set out under the section headed “Profile of Directors and Senior
   Management” of this annual report.

   At all times, the Board has met the requirements under Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules
   relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive directors with at least one
   independent non-executive director possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or
   related financial management expertise.

   The Company has also complied with Rule 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of
   independent non-executive directors representing at least one-third of the Board.

   Diversity of the Board
   Our Directors have a balanced mix of experiences and industry background, including but not limited to
   experiences in advertising, financial, technology, mobile internet and securities industries. Our Directors
   obtained degrees in various majors including system science, mathematics, economics and accounting.
   We have three independent non-executive Directors with different industry backgrounds, representing
   more than one-third of the members of our Board.

   The Company believes that the diversity of its Board members will be immensely beneficial for the
   enhancement of the Company’s performance. Pursuant to our Board diversity policy, selection of Board
   candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age,
   cultural and educational background, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge, industry and regional
   experience. The ultimate decision will be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates
   will bring to the Board.

   The Nomination Committee will discuss and where necessary, agree on the measurable objectives for
   achieving diversity on the Board and make recommendations to the Board for adoption. The Company
   aims to maintain an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives of the Board that is relevant to the
   Company’s business growth.

   In identifying and selecting suitable candidates to serve as a director of the Company, the Nomination
   Committee would consider the above criteria necessary to complement the corporate strategy and
   achieve Board diversity, where appropriate, before making recommendations to the Board.




86 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                    Corporate Governance Report




Save as disclosed in the Directors’ biographies set out in the section headed “Profile of Directors and
Senior Management” in this annual report, none of the Directors have any personal relationship (including
financial, business, family or other material relationship) with any other Director and chief executive.

All Directors attended various trainings during the year ended 31 December 2021, including trainings
regarding the updating of the Listing Rules, the responsibilities and continuous obligations of Directors
and the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide. The Company had arranged suitable
trainings for all Directors in order to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills as part of their
continuous professional development.

According to the information provided by the Directors, a summary of training participated in continuous
professional development by the Directors during the year ended 31 December 2021 is as follows:

                                                        Participated in continuous professional
Name of Directors                                       development (1)

Executive Directors
Mr. DUAN Wei                                            √
Mr. CAO Xiaohuan                                        √
Mr. FANG Zikai                                          √
Mr. SONG Xiaofei                                        √

Non-executive Director
Mr. WONG Tak-Wai                                        √

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. YING Lei                                            √
Mr. HU Jie                                              √
Mr. SUN Hongbin                                         √

Note:

(1)     Attending training/seminars/meetings/forums/briefings or reading materials relevant to corporate governance, director’s
        duties and responsibilities, the Listing Rules and other relevant ordinances.


The Company is committed to continuously reviewing and improving its internal systems, including those
in relation to internal supervision and control, and risk management.

Appointment and Re-election of Directors
Mr. DUAN Wei, Mr. CAO Xiaohuan and Mr. FANG Zikai, as executive Directors, have respectively entered
into a service contract with the Company on 19 June 2018 and renewed on 19 June 2021. Each service
contract was for a term of three years (subject always to re-election as and when required under the
Articles of Association) until termination.

Mr. SONG Xiaofei, as an executive Director, has entered into a service contract with the Company for a
term of three years on 31 March 2021 (subject always to re-election as and when required under the
Articles of Association) until termination.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2021 87
   Corporate Governance Report




   Mr. WONG Tak-Wai, as a non-executive Director, has entered into an appointment letter with the
   Company for a term of three years on 19 February 2021 (subject always to re-election as and when
   required under the Articles of Association) until termination.

   Mr. YING Lei and Mr. HU Jie, as independent non-executive Directors of the Company, have respectively
   signed an appointment letter with the Company for a term of three years on 31 October 2018 and
   renewed on 19 June 2021 (subject always to re-election as and when required under the Articles of
   Association) until termination. Mr. SUN Hongbin, as an independent non-executive Director of the
   Company, has signed an appointment letter with the Company for a term of three years on 7 July 2020
   (subject always to re-election as and when required under the Articles of Association) until termination.

   In accordance with the Articles of Association, at every annual general meeting of the Company,
   one-third of the Directors, or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest
   to, but not less than, one-third, shall retire from office by rotation. It is further provided that every
   Director shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A retiring Director shall
   remain in office until the close of the meeting at which he retires and shall be eligible for re-election
   thereafter. The Company at any annual general meeting at which any Directors retire may fill the vacancy
   by electing the same number of persons to be Directors.

   The Articles of Association sets out the procedures and process for the appointment, re-election and
   removal of Directors. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board composition and
   making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-election of Directors and succession
   planning for Directors.

   None of the Directors have entered into a service contract with members of the Group that cannot be
   terminated by the Group within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory
   compensation.

   Board Meetings
   The Company adopts the practice of holding Board meetings regularly, at least four times per year, and
   at approximately quarterly intervals. The Board also meets at other times as and when required. In
   addition, the Board holds general meetings to maintain an on-going dialogue with the Shareholders. An
   annual general meeting shall be called by not less than 21 days’ notice in writing and any extraordinary
   general meeting shall be called by not less than 14 days’ notice in writing.

   For other Board meetings and Board Committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally required. The
   agenda and accompanying board papers are dispatched to the Directors or Board Committee members
   at least 3 days before the meetings to ensure that they have sufficient time to review the relevant papers
   and are adequately prepared for the meetings. When Directors or Board Committee members are unable
   to attend a meeting, they will be advised of the matters to be discussed and be given an opportunity to
   make their views known to the Chairman prior to the meeting. Minutes of Board meetings and Board
   Committee meetings are kept by the company secretary with copies circulated to all Directors or Board
   Committee members for information and record-keeping.




88 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                     Corporate Governance Report




Minutes of the Board meetings and Board Committee meetings are recorded and the matters considered
by the Board and the Board Committees and the decisions reached are recorded in sufficient detail,
including concerns raised by the Directors/Board Committee members. Draft and final versions of the
minutes of each Board meeting and Board Committee meeting are sent to the Directors/Board
Committee members for comments within a reasonable time after the date on which the meeting is held.
Minutes of the Board meetings are open for inspection by all Directors.

The Board held 14 Board meetings during the year ended 31 December 2021. The attendance of each
Director at Board meetings, Board Committee meetings and general meetings, whether in person or by
means of electronic communication, is detailed in the table below:

                                           Attendance/No. of Board Meetings, Committee Meetings or
                                                      General Meetings eligible to attend
                                                                                            Annual Extraordinary
                                                   Audit   Nomination Remuneration        General       General
Name of director                     Board    Committee     Committee      Committee      Meeting       Meeting

Executive Directors
Mr. DUAN Wei (Chairman)               14/14              —              2/2              —        1/1         0/0
Mr. CAO Xiaohuan                      14/14              —               —              1/1       1/1         0/0
Mr. FANG Zikai                        14/14              —               —               —        1/1         0/0
Mr. SONG Xiaofei (1)                    9/9              —               —               —        1/1         0/0

Non-executive Directors
Mr. WONG Tak-Wai (2)                  10/10              —               —               —        1/1         0/0

Independent Non-
   executive Directors
Mr. YING Lei                          14/14             2/2             2/2             1/1       1/1         0/0
Mr. HU Jie                            14/14             2/2             2/2             1/1       1/1         0/0
Mr. SUN Hongbin                       14/14             2/2              —               —        1/1         0/0
Notes:

(1)      Mr. SONG Xiaofei was appointed as an executive Director on 31 March 2021.

(2)      Mr. WONG Tak-Wai was appointed as a non-executive Director on 19 February 2021.

Delegation by the Board
The Board reserves its right to decide on all major matters of the Company, including the approval and
monitoring of all policy matters, overall strategies and budgets, internal control and risk management
systems, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial
information, the appointment of Directors and other significant financial and operational matters.
Directors may have recourse to seek independent professional advice in performing their duties at the
Company’s expense and are encouraged to access and to consult with the Company’s senior
management independently.

The daily management, administration and operation of the Group are delegated to the senior
management. The delegated functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed by the Board.
Approval has to be obtained from the Board before the senior management enters into any significant
transactions.


                                                                                                Annual Report 2021 89
   Corporate Governance Report




   Corporate Governance Function
   The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in the code provision A.2.1 of the CG
   Code. The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of the
   Directors which includes:

   1.    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and
         regulatory requirements;

   2.    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
         management;

   3.    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to
         employees and Directors;

   4.    to develop, review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and
         make recommendations to the Board and report to the Board on matters; and

   5.    to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate
         governance report.

   The Company has complied with performing the functions set out the relevant CG Code provisions
   during the year ended 31 December 2021.

   BOARD COMMITTEES
   Audit Committee
   The Audit Committee currently comprises three members, Mr. SUN Hongbin (Chairman), Mr. YING Lei
   and Mr. HU Jie, all of whom are independent non-executive Directors.

   The principal duties of the Audit Committee include the following:

   (a)   to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the
         external auditor, and to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external
         auditor, and any questions of its resignation or dismissal;

   (b)   to review and monitor the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of
         the audit process in accordance with applicable standards. The Audit Committee should discuss
         with the auditor the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before the audit
         commences;

   (c)   to develop and implement policies on engaging an external auditor to supply non-audit services.
         For this purpose, an “external auditor” includes any entity that is under common control,
         ownership or management with the audit firm or any entity that a reasonable and informed third
         party knowing all relevant information would reasonably conclude to be part of the audit firm
         nationally or internationally. The Audit Committee should report to the Board, identifying and
         making recommendations on any matters where action or improvement is needed;




90 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                         Corporate Governance Report




(d)   to monitor the integrity of the Company’s financial statements, annual reports, accounts, half-yearly
      reports and, if prepared for publication, quarterly reports, and to review significant financial
      reporting judgments contained in them. In reviewing these reports before submission to the Board,
      the Audit Committee shall focus particularly on:

      (i)     any changes in accounting policies and practices;

      (ii)    major judgmental areas;

      (iii)   significant adjustments resulting from the audit;

      (iv)    the going concern assumptions and any qualifications;

      (v)     compliance with accounting standards; and

      (vi)    compliance with the Listing Rules and legal requirements in relation to financial reporting;

(e)   regarding paragraph (d) above: (i) Members shall liaise with the Board and senior management of
      the Company and the Audit Committee must meet, at least twice a year, with the Company’s
      auditors; and (ii) the Audit Committee shall consider any significant or unusual items that are, or
      may need to be, reflected in the reports and accounts, and it should give due consideration to any
      matters that have been raised by the Company’s staff responsible for the accounting and financial
      reporting function, compliance officer or auditors;

(f)   to review the Company’s financial controls, and unless expressly addressed by a separate board
      risk committee, or by the board itself, to review the Company’s risk management and internal
      control systems;

(g)   to discuss the risk management and internal control systems with management to ensure that
      management has performed its duty to have effective systems in place. This discussion shall
      include the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programs and
      budget of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting function;

(h)   to consider major investigation findings on risk management and internal control matters as
      delegated by the Board or on its own initiative and management’s response to these findings;

(i)   where an internal audit function exists, to ensure co-ordination between the internal and external
      auditors, and to ensure that the internal audit function is adequately resourced and has
      appropriate standing within the Company, and to review and monitor its effectiveness;

(j)   to review the financial and accounting policies and practices of the Company and its subsidiaries;

(k)   to review the external auditor’s management letter, any material queries raised by the auditor to
      management about accounting records, financial accounts or systems of control and
      management’s response;

(l)   to ensure that the Board will provide a timely response to the issues raised in the external auditor’s
      management letter;



                                                                                        Annual Report 2021 91
   Corporate Governance Report




   (m)   to report to the Board on the matters set out in the CG Code;

   (n)   to review arrangements employees of the Company can use, in confidence, to raise concerns
         about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters and to ensure
         that proper arrangements are in place for fair and independent investigation of these matters and
         for appropriate follow-up action;

   (o)   to act as the key representative body for overseeing the Company’s relation with the external
         auditor;

   (p)   to review ongoing connected transactions of the Company and ensure compliance with terms of
         approval by Shareholders of the Company; and

   (q)   to consider such other matters as the Board may from time to time determine.

   The Audit Committee’s major work during the year ended 31 December 2021 includes:

   (a)   reviewing the 2020 annual report, the Environmental, Social and Governance Report and annual
         results announcement;

   (b)   reviewing the 2021 interim report and interim results announcement;

   (c)   reviewing the Company’s compliance with the CG Code;

   (d)   reviewing the relationship with the external auditor with reference to the work performed by the
         external auditor, their fees and terms of engagement, and make recommendations to the Board on
         the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditor; and

   (e)   reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s financial reporting system, internal
         audit function, internal control system and risk management system and associated procedures,
         including the adequacy of the resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes
         and budget of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting function.

   KPMG is the Group’s external auditor. The Audit Committee reviews the relationship of the Company
   with KPMG on an annual basis. Having also reviewed the effectiveness of the external audit process as
   well as the independence and objectivity of KPMG, the Audit Committee is satisfied with this
   relationship. As such, the Audit Committee has recommended their re-appointment at the forthcoming
   AGM.

   Code provision D.3.3(e)(i) of the CG Code provides that the terms of reference of the Audit Committee
   should require members of the Audit Committee to liaise with the Board and senior management and
   that the Audit Committee must meet at least twice a year with the external auditor. The Company has
   included such terms in relevant terms of reference, and thus complied with the Code provision D.3.3(e)(i)
   of the CG Code during the year ended 31 December 2021.




92 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                       Corporate Governance Report




The Audit Committee held 2 meetings during the year ended 31 December 2021. Please refer to the
paragraph headed “Board Meetings” above for details of each member’s attendance of the meetings.

Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee currently comprises three members, including one executive Director, namely
Mr. DUAN Wei (chairman) and two independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Ying Lei and Mr.
HU Jie.

The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include the following:

(a)   to review the structure, size, composition and diversity (including but not limited to gender, age,
      cultural and educational background, race, skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least
      annually and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the
      Company’s corporate strategy;

(b)   to identify individuals who are qualified/suitable to become a member of the Board and to select or
      make recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;

(c)   to assess the independence of independent non-executive directors of the Company; and

(d)   to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of directors of the
      Company and succession planning for directors of the Company, in particular, the chairman and
      the chief executive of the Company.

The Nomination Committee’s major work during the year ended 31 December 2021 includes:

(a)   reviewing the structure, size, composition and diversity (including the gender, age, cultural and
      educational background, race, skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board;

(b)   assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors;

(c)   making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and the
      succession planning for Directors, in particular the chairman and the chief executive; and

(d)   reviewing the Board diversity policy.

The Nomination Committee assesses the candidate or incumbent on criteria such as integrity,
experience, skill and ability to commit time and effort to carry out the duties and responsibilities. The
recommendations of the Nomination Committee will then be put to the Board for decision. The Company
recognizes the benefits of having a diverse Board, and views diversity at the Board level as a business
imperative that will help the Company achieve its strategic objectives and maintain a competitive
advantage. As such, the Board has set measurable objectives for the implementation of the Board
diversity policy to ensure that the Board has the appropriate balance of skills, experience and diversity of
perspectives that is required to support the execution of its business strategy and maintain the
effectiveness of the Board. The Nomination Committee will continue to optimize the structure of the
Board and further enhance the diversity of the Board in terms of the gender.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2021 93
   Corporate Governance Report




   The Nomination Committee held 2 meetings during the year ended 31 December 2021. Please refer to
   the paragraph headed “Board Meetings” above for details of each member’s attendance of the meeting.

   Remuneration Committee
   The Remuneration Committee currently comprises three members, including one executive Director,
   namely Mr. CAO Xiaohuan, and two independent non-executive Directors namely, Mr. Ying Lei
   (chairman) and Mr. Hu Jie.

   The principal duties of the Remuneration Committee include the following:

   (a)   to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all directors’
         and senior management’s remuneration and on the establishment of a formal and transparent
         procedure for developing remuneration policies;

   (b)   to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s
         corporate goals and objectives;

   (c)   either:

         (i)       to determine, with delegated responsibility, the remuneration packages of individual
                   executive directors and senior management of the Company, or

         (ii)      to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual
                   executive directors and senior management of the Company.

                   This should include benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, including
                   any compensation payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment;

   (d)   to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive directors of the
         Company;

   (e)   to consider salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities, and
         employment conditions of the Company and its subsidiaries;

   (f)   to consider the levels of remuneration required to attract and retain the directors to run the
         Company successfully;

   (g)   to review and approve compensation payable to executive directors and senior management of the
         Company for any loss or termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with
         contractual terms and is otherwise fair and not excessive;

   (h)   to review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of directors for
         misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise
         reasonable and appropriate; and

   (i)   to ensure that no director of the Company or any of his or her close associates is involved in
         deciding his or her own remuneration.



94 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                          Corporate Governance Report




The Remuneration Committee’s major work during the year ended 31 December 2021 includes:

(a)     making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s overall policy and structure for the
        remuneration of the Directors and senior management and on the establishment of a formal and
        transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy;

(b)     reviewing and approving the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the
        corporate goals and objectives determined by the Board from time to time;

(c)     making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive
        Directors and senior management;

(d)     making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors; and

(e)     ensuring no Director or any of his or her close associates is involved in deciding his or her own
        remuneration.

In conducting its work in relation to the remuneration of Directors and the senior management team of
the Company, the Remuneration Committee ensured that no individual or any of his associates was
involved in determining that individual’s own remuneration. It also ensured that remuneration awards
were determined by reference to the performance of the individual and were aligned to the market
practice and conditions, and the Company’s goals and strategies. They are designed to attract, retain
and motivate high performing individuals, and reflect the specifics of individual roles.

The Remuneration Committee held 1 meeting during the year ended 31 December 2021. Please refer to
the paragraph headed “Board Meetings” above for details of each member’s attendance of the
meetings.

The remuneration of the members of the senior management of the Group by band for the year ended
31 December 2021 is set out below:

                                                                                                                        Number of
                                                                                                                         persons(1)

HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                                                                         1
HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                                                                         1
HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000                                                                                                         1
HK$8,500,001 to HK$9,000,000                                                                                                         1

Note：

(1)     includes 2 ex-senior management who have resigned as at the Latest Practicable Date. The remuneration of Mr. Cao
        Xiaohuan, as the chief executive officer of the Group, and Mr. Song Xiaofei, as the chief financial officer, is set out in note 7
        to the financial statements on page 184 of this annual report.


Remuneration of Directors
Further particulars regarding Directors’ remuneration and the five highest paid employees as required to
be disclosed pursuant to Appendix 16 to the Listing Rules are set out in notes 7 and 8 to the financial
statements on pages 184 to 186 of this annual report.


                                                                                                              Annual Report 2021 95
   Corporate Governance Report




   DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING IN
   RESPECT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   The Directors acknowledge their responsibility in preparing the financial statements for the year ended
   31 December 2021, which gave a true and fair view of the affairs of the Company and the Group and of
   the Group’s results and cash flows. The Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties relating
   to events or conditions which may cast significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going
   concern.

   The statement by the Auditor regarding their reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial
   statements of the Company is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report of this annual report.

   External Auditors
   KPMG is appointed as the external auditors of the Company upon the recommendation of the Audit
   Committee.

   An analysis of the remuneration paid to the external auditors of the Company, KPMG, in respect of audit
   services and non-audit services for the year ended 31 December 2021 is set out below:

                                                                                                Fee Paid
   Service Category                                                                                (US$)

   Audit Services                                                                                573,510
   Non-audit Services                                                                            379,757

   Total                                                                                         953,267


   MODEL CODE
   The Group has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listing Issuers (the
   “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules for securities transactions by Directors as
   its own code of conduct. Having made specific enquiry of all Directors, each of the Directors has
   complied with the required standards as set out in the Model Code during the Reporting Period.

   The Company’s employees, who are likely to be in possession of inside information of the Company,
   have also been subject to the Model Code. No incident of non-compliance of the Model Code by the
   employees was noted by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2021.




96 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                          Corporate Governance Report




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board is responsible for ensuring that the Company has established and maintained adequate and
effective risk management and internal control systems through conducting reviews on an annual basis.
Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement
or loss. The Company also has an internal audit function which primarily carries out the analysis and
independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and
internal control systems. The Board was satisfied with the internal audit function for the year ended 31
December 2021.

Risk Management
The Company is committed to continuously improving the risk management system, including its
structure, process and culture, through the enhancement of risk management ability, to ensure long-term
growth and sustainable development of the Company’s business.

The Company has established a risk management system which sets out the roles and responsibilities of
each relevant party as well as the relevant risk management policies and processes. Each business
group of the Company, on a regular basis, identifies and assesses risk factors that may negatively
impact the achievement of its objectives, and formulates appropriate response measures.

During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company adopted dynamic risk management processes
including risk identification, risk analysis, risk assessment, risk response, risk monitoring, and risk
reporting in response to the identification of significant risks of the Company. Regular meetings were
held between the executive Directors and senior management to review and monitor the business and
financial performance against the targets, the progress of certification and contract receipts from
customers, the efficiency in the use of the Group’s resources in comparison to the budgets, and
operational matters to ensure that the Group has complied with the regulations that have material impact
on the Group’s business. The aim is to enhance the communication and accountability of the Directors
and management so that significant strategic, financial, operational and compliance risks or potential
deviations are identified and dealt with in a proper and timely manner and that significant issues are
reported back to the Board for their attention.

During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Board has reviewed the effectiveness of the internal
control and risk management systems of the Group to ensure that a sound system is maintained and
operated by the management in compliance with the agreed procedures and standards. The review
covered all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk
management functions. The review was conducted through discussions with the management of the
Company, its external and internal auditors and the assessment performed by the Audit Committee. The
Board believes that the existing risk management and internal control systems are adequate and
effective, in particular, for financial reporting and Listing Rules compliance as well as for resolving internal
control defects (if any).




                                                                                          Annual Report 2021 97
   Corporate Governance Report




   DISCLOSURE OF INSIDE INFORMATION
   The Company has developed its disclosure policy to provide a general guide to the Company’s
   Directors, senior management and relevant employees in handling confidential information, monitoring
   information disclosure and responding to enquiries. Control procedures have been implemented to
   ensure that unauthorized access and use of inside information are strictly prohibited.

   COMPANY SECRETARY
   Ms. SO Shuk Yi Betty was appointed as the company secretary of the Company. She is responsible for
   advising the Board on corporate governance matters and ensuring that the Board policies and
   procedures, as well as the applicable laws, rules and regulations are followed.

   Ms. SO is not an employee of our Company, but an external service provider engaged by us as our
   company secretary and Mr. SONG Xiaofei is the key contact person who Ms. SO can contact.

   Ms. SO has complied with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules by attending no less than 15 hours of relevant
   professional training during the year ended 31 December 2021.

   COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS
   The Company considers that effective communication with the Shareholders is essential for enhancing
   investor relations and understanding of the Group’s business, performance and strategies. The Company
   also recognizes the importance of timely and non-selective disclosure of information, which enable
   Shareholders and investors to make informed investment decisions.

   The annual general meeting of the Company provides an opportunity for the Shareholders to
   communicate directly with the Directors.

   SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
   To safeguard shareholder interests and rights, a separate resolution is proposed for each substantially
   separate issue at shareholder meetings. All resolutions put forward at shareholder meetings will be voted
   on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company
   and of the Stock Exchange after each shareholder meeting.

   PUTTING FORWARD ENQUIRIES TO THE BOARD
   Shareholders who intend to put forward their enquiries about the Company to the Board could send their
   enquiries to the headquarters of the Company at 43/F, Tianying Plaza (East Tower), No. 222–3 Xingmin
   Road, Zhujiang New Town, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, PRC.




98 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                      Corporate Governance Report




PROCEDURES FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO CONVENE AN EXTRAORDINARY
GENERAL MEETING
Shareholders may put forward proposals for consideration at a general meeting of the Company in
accordance with the Articles of Association. Any one or more members holding as at the date of deposit
of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right of
voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the
Board or the secretary of the Company, to require an extraordinary general meeting of the Company to
be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such
meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such
deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves)
may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result
of the failure of the Board to convene such meeting shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the
Company.

CHANGE IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company has not made any changes to its Articles of
Association.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2021 99
    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


    1.   Overview
         This is the fourth Environmental, Social and Governance Report (hereinafter “The Report” or “ESG
         report”) prepared by Mobvista Inc. and its subsidiaries, which summarizes the ESG initiatives and
         performance of the Group and demonstrates its commitment to sustainable development.

         Reporting Framework
         The Report has been prepared in accordance with the “Comply or Explain” provisions of the ESG
         Reporting Guide (hereinafter referred to as the “ESG Guide”), which is included in Appendix 27 to
         the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and
         the content adheres to the four reporting principles of “materiality”, “quantitative”, “balance”, and
         “consistency”.

         Materiality: Since the operations of the Group did not experience significant changes this Year (as
         defined below) compared to last year and the year 2019, the management and the ESG working
         group (“ESG Working Group”) had confirmed the applicability of the result of the materiality
         assessment in 2019.

         Quantitative: The Group has disclosed the statistical standards, methodologies, calculation tools,
         and sources of conversion factors used to generate all of the data in the Report. We summarize
         and calculate the key performance indicators (“KPIs”) based on standardized methodologies.

         Balance: The Report impartially describes the Group’s performance during the Reporting Period to
         avoid selections, omissions, or presentation formats that may inappropriately influence a decision
         or judgment by the report reader.

         Consistency: Unless otherwise specified, the Group has used consistent data calculation methods
         for valid comparison.

         Reporting Scope and Period
         The Report describes the overall performance of the Group on sustainable development relating to
         its core business, and the fulfilment of our ESG strategies during the financial year from 1 January
         2021 to 31 December 2021 (the “Reporting Period” or “Year”).

         The reporting boundary of social KPIs covers all the businesses directly controlled by the Group,
         while the environmental KPIs covers the Group’s headquarters office in Guangzhou, and the two
         offices in Beijing and Wuhan, which has expanded compared to 2020, as we aim to optimize
         and enhance the Report’s disclosure obligations. The Group will continue to strengthen its data
         collection process, when appropriate.

         Contact Information
         The Report is published in electronic format and can be viewed in the “Environmental,
         Social and Governance Report” section included in the Annual Report 2021 available on the
         Company’s website (https://www.mobvista.com/cn/) as well as the Stock Exchange’s website
         (http://www.hkexnews.hk). The Group values your opinions on the Report. Please feel free to
         contact the Group for any opinions or suggestions at IR@mobvista.com.




100 Mobvista Inc.
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     Approval of the Report
     The Report has been approved by the Board of directors (the “Board”) of the Group on 31 March
     2022.

2.   ESG Strategy
     Adhering to the vision of “helping customers reach global markets more efficiently through our
     products and technologies”, we provide high quality service to achieve customer satisfaction.
     We will continue to place a higher premium on ESG management and invite key stakeholders to
     implement our ESG strategy.

     The Board’s ESG Statement
     We have established a formal ESG governance structure to enhance our sustainable development
     and management. To ensure proper and effective involvement of the Board and accountability of
     the relevant departments, the Group has set up an ESG management system led by the Board,
     with specific responsibilities at the operational management level and practical implementation at
     the business execution level.

     The Board is the highest decision-making level and is responsible for regularly monitoring the
     Group’s material issues, performance, and climate risks and opportunities. At the operational
     management level, the Board is responsible for chairing and directly participating in ESG
     governance to ensure the efficiency and implementation of ESG decisions and to make ESG
     decisions more relevant to the development of the business. Meanwhile, independent directors
     are involved to ensure that judgments are objective and fair, and to provide more external
     perspectives and suggestions for ESG. The ESG Working Group, under the authority of the Board,
     considers and evaluates the interests of stakeholders through materiality analysis to determine
     the Group’s approach, strategies and objectives in ESG management. At the business execution
     level, executive representatives of functional departments are jointly responsible for the specific
     implementation of ESG policies and objectives. To ensure the effectiveness of ESG work at all
     levels, the corporate compliance department is responsible for the overall supervision and guidance
     of the Company’s ESG work at the Board, operational and execution levels.

     The Group has established ESG-related objectives in terms of the environment. We focus on
     achieving these goals, working on sustainability in the future and is in the process of establishing
     an ESG information management system and mechanism with clear processes, accurate data and
     vertical and horizontal comparability. Setting targets will enable the Company to identify, evaluate
     and manage its ESG efforts more systematically, to manage issues that may have a significant
     impact on the Company in a systematic and planned manner, and to improve risk management
     and performance levels, thereby improving performance.

     The ESG Governance Structure
     The Group has built a structure for ESG governance and integrated the notion of sustainable
     development into its daily operations. The structure is divided into three parts: decision-making
     level, organizational level, and execution level.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2021 101
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




           Roles             Key Responsibilities
           Board             • The highest decision-making level for ESG management

                             • Responsible for monitoring the Group’s ESG issues and take full
                               responsibility for the Group’s ESG strategy and reporting

                             • Approve the Group’s ESG management policies, strategies, goals, and
                               annual work, including assessment, prioritization, and management of
                               material ESG issues, risks, and opportunities

                             • Review of the Group’s ESG performance and progress regularly

                             • Approve the ESG report




           ESG Working       • Establish and review the ESG management strategies, plans and
           Group               objectives

                             • Supervise ESG-related policies and practices to ensure compliance with
                               legal and regulatory requirements

                             • Identify, assess and review the ESG risks and opportunities

                             • Report the work progress and recommendations to the Board regularly




           Representatives   • Coordinate, promote and implement the ESG-related duties
           of functional
           departments       • Report the work progress to the ESG Working Group




102 Mobvista Inc.
                                             Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Stakeholder Engagement
The Group values its stakeholders and their views related to its business and ESG issues. The
Group aims to promptly respond and give feedback to achieve continuous improvements.

In order to understand and address stakeholders’ concerns, the Group maintains close
communications with its key stakeholders, including but not limited to shareholders and investors,
government and regulatory authorities, employees, customers, intermediaries (i.e. company
secretary, lawyers and auditors), business partners/suppliers, peers, and the community and the
public.

                         Major
                         Communication            Expectations and
 Key Stakeholders        Channels                 Requirements            Our Responses
 Shareholders and        • Regular                • Return on             • Increase of
   Investors               reports and              investment              profitability
                           announcements          • Corporate             • Optimization of risk
                         • Regular general          governance              management and
                           meetings               • Risk control            internal control
                         • Shareholders’          • Information           • Regular
                           visits                   transparency            information
                                                                            disclosures
 Government and          • Compliance             • Compliance            • Enhance the
   Regulatory              reports                  operation               building of anti-
   Authorities           • Site visits            • Paying tax in           corruption and
                                                    accordance with         integrity
                                                    law                   • Enhance corporate
                                                  • Support local           governance
                                                    development
 Employees               • Performance            • Employee rights       • Protect the rights
                           appraisals             • Compensations           of employees in
                         • Meetings and             and welfares            accordance with
                           interviews             • Trainings and           law
                         • Performance              career development    • Building talent
                           reviews                • Occupational health     cultivation channels
                         • Seminars and             and safety
                           trainings              • Equal opportunities
                                                  • Friendly working
                                                    place




                                                                             Annual Report 2021 103
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




                                Major
                                Communication            Expectations and
           Key Stakeholders     Channels                 Requirements             Our Responses
           Customers            • Customer advisory      • Product quality        • Higher quality
                                  group                  • Customer services        products
                                • Activities organized   • Information security   • Strengthen
                                  for customers                                     customer
                                • Customer visits                                   communication
                                • Daily operation                                   mechanisms
                                • Online service                                  • Enhance network
                                  platform                                          security and
                                • Customer service                                  permission settings
                                  hotline, exhibitions
                                  and email
           Intermediaries       • Meetings               • Compliance             • Improve corporate
              (i.e. company     • Site visits              operations               governance
              secretary,        • Discussions
              lawyers and
              auditors)
           Business Partners/   • Meetings and visits    • Newly-implemented      • Reviews,
             Suppliers                                     treaty                   selections, and
                                                         • Cooperation with         inspections
                                                           mutual benefits        • Establish Code of
                                                         • Fair and open            Conduct
                                                           procurements
           Peers                • Exhibitions            • Fair competition       • Participation
                                • Visits                 • Communication            in industry
                                • Emails                   and collaboration        conferences and
                                • Telephone                                         networking events


           Community and the    • Regular reports and    • Community              • Carry out charity
             Public               announcements            participation            events
                                • Forums                 • Environmental          • Implementation
                                • WeChat public            protection               of environmental
                                  account                • Employment               protection
                                • Company’s website        opportunities            measures
                                                                                  • To provide
                                                                                    employment
                                                                                    opportunities




104 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                                                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




                                      Materiality Assessment
                                      Mobvista conducted online questionnaires with internal and external stakeholders for the materiality
                                      assessment in 2019. The ESG Working Group and management confirmed that the results of
                                      2019 are still applicable this Year, as (1) there has been no material change to our business and
                                      operating environment for this Year compared to last year and the year 2019 and (2) the outcomes
                                      of the materiality assessment 2019 can still respond to our stakeholders’ expectations. Readers
                                      can refer to the 2019 ESG Report for the methodology and process of conducting the materiality
                                      assessment.

                                      The material topics were identified and prioritized based on the analysis and summary of the
                                      materiality assessment results from key stakeholders. We developed the following materiality matrix
                                      throughout the year, in which 28 subjects were identified.


                                                                                          Materiality Matrix of Mobvista
                                                                                                                                Qualifications and professional conduct
                                                                                                                               Satisfaction level of customers                   Technological development
                                                                                                                                                                                      and application
                                                                                                                           Protection of customers' privacy
                                                                                                  Anti-fraud and anti-corruption                                               Compliance with laws and regulations
                                                                                                                                                   Employment rights




Importance to External Stakeholders
                                                                                                             Responsible procurement                                                       Market competitiveness
                                                                                                                                                Quality control
                                                                           Employee diversity, nondiscrimination                                                          Occupational health and safety
                                                                                 and equal opportunity
                                                                                                                                                  Protection of intellectual               Economic performance
                                                          Complaint handling and responding mechanism                    Attention to                  property rights
                                                                                                                       the community
                                                                                                                                                    Employee training and development
                                                                                                        Cyber safety                                        Promotion and product/ service labeling


                                                             Whistle-blowing mechanism                                       Energy consumption and efficiency
                                                                                                             Water consumption and efficiency
                                                              Prevention of child labour and forced labour

                                       Waste disposal and treatment          Community investment and involvement


                                                                                        Labour relations
                                                                           Popularization of financial investment
                                             Green Finance



                                                                                            Importance to Business Development




                                                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021 105
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




    3.   Strengthening the Brand
         Mobvista places a premium on global business expansion in the digital age. We offer three
         primary services to our customers worldwide, including an advertising technology platform, data
         analytics platform, and cloud computing platform. Faced with the COVID-19 challenges, the Group
         emphasizes the importance of maintaining feasible and efficient communication with clients.

         3.1   Data Privacy and Protection
               The protection of customer data is a pillar to Mobvista’s strong corporate governance
               and long-term mutual trust with our customers. The Group strictly adheres to the laws
               and regulations on data protection and privacy of the PRC, the United States, European
               countries and other major jurisdictions that we operate in, such as the Administrative
               Measures on Internet Information Services (《互聯網信息服務管理辦法》), the Cyber Security
               Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國網絡安全法》), the Administrative Measures for the Security
               Protection of Computer Information Networks Linked to the Internet (《計算機信息網絡國際
               聯網安全保護管理辦法》), the Personal Information Protection Law of the PRC (《中華人民共
               和國個人信息保護法》), the Data Security Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國數據安全法》),
               the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
               (“COPPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). To protect clients’ and our
               data privacy, we have executed measures, such as the Information Security Management
               Policy (《信息保密管理制度》), the GDPR Data and Privacy Protection Policy (《GDPR 數據與
               隱私保護政策》) and the Personal Data Retention Policy (《個人數據保留政策》) in compliance
               with major jurisdictions that we operate in.

               The Mintegral SDK and a range of programmatic advertising products and technologies are
               under the mobile advertising platform Mintegral, which complies with COPPA, have been
               audited annually by the kidSAFE Seal Program to ensure that the mobile advertising solutions
               are effective in safeguarding children’s online privacy. Mintegral has held this certification
               since 2019 and maintains a strong reputation for privacy and security in the industry. During
               the Reporting Period, in January 2021, the Group obtained the authoritative certification
               of ISO/IEC 27001, which is internationally recognized as the most authoritative, strictest
               and most widely used standard for information security management system certification.
               In March 2021, the Group was certified by ePrivacy, a renowned privacy protection
               certification institution. ePrivacy is one of the most credible data security and privacy
               protection certification institutions in the world, and is engaged in the digital products and
               mobile sectors with worldwide influence. On 24 August 2021, the Group obtained the SOC2
               Type 2 audit report, becoming the first company in the domestic mobile internet marketing




106 Mobvista Inc.
                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report




field to obtain the SOC2 Type 2 audit report. The SOC2 Type 2 audit report evaluated the
effectiveness of these control measures over time by observing its implementation over a
period of time based on the design of the control measures at a specific point in time. In
December 2021, the Group also received certification from TrustArc, an authoritative privacy
and security certification body in the U.S., certifying that the Group’s handling of customers’
and end users’ personal data complies with the CCPA requirements, once again proving
that the services provided by Mobvista can provide comprehensive privacy protection for
customers and end device users worldwide. Lastly, the Group has passed security audits of
the Mintegral SDK conducted by WhiteSource and BDO Digital, and was among the first to
adopt Apple Inc.’s SKAdNetwork standard which enhances user privacy and improves end
user data protection.

As for the internal data, the Group has divided the value of information assets into four levels,
i.e. most confidential, confidential, secret and general non-secret information, based on the
assignment of confidentiality, integrity and availability. It is prohibited to browse, copy, or
print all company trade secrets involving data and information without permission.

The Group regards the protection of personal information security of users as an important
mission. In addition to setting up a legal team, the Group also works with a team of
professional lawyers to make compliance recommendations for products and services
in accordance with major global data and privacy protection requirements, standards or
constraints to ensure the personal information security of users and device end-users.

The Group also keeps an eye on the updates and revisions of information security laws and
regulations, we arrange internal trainings and communicate with relevant departments in a
timely manner when updates in laws and regulations occurs to ensure compliant operations.

The Group pays close attention to the formulation, introduction and implementation of the
Personal Information Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國個人信息保護法》) and related
supporting legal documents. We have taken a series of measures to strengthen information
security and respect personal privacy, and updated our privacy policy to ensure that the
products and services handle personal information of customers located in the PRC in
accordance with the relevant requirements.

In addition, the Group ensures the privacy of data transmission through encryption
technology to prevent information leakage. A firewall is in place to guard against potential
hacking attacks.




                                                                           Annual Report 2021 107
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




               The criteria for a data retention period are set and followed and the Group handles all expired
               data with care. In case of personal data leakage, the Group requests its employees to
               follow standardized handling procedures detailed in the Contingency Plan of the Leakage of
               Personal Data (《個人數據洩露應急方案》) where respective groups will devise solutions to
               settle the incidents after investigations.

               In the European Economic Area, the collection and usage of information are regulated by
               the “Privacy Policy” (《私隱政策》). The policy details the type of information collected and
               the lawful basis for using and disclosing personal information. Customers have the right to
               access and give consent for Mobvista to use the data, and to make complaints regarding
               information security concerns.

               Generally, comprehensive data management standards are established according to the
               situation of each department, with the department head responsible for data archiving
               and data security during the operational phase. The CRM system is set up to keep track
               of contracts and customers. Data access rights are set up by the Information Technology
               Department in accordance with the relevant data, the business needs of departments, and
               employee positions to ensure the asset protection of the Group.

         3.2   Quality Control and Responsibility of Services
               The Group’s primary focus is on personalized and customer-oriented services. Employees
               maintain continual connection with clients and modify plans at various levels of service
               until the customer is satisfied. The Group requires its employees to follow up on customer
               needs in real time throughout the closed-loop process from pre-sales to post-sales to
               ensure that customer feedback is returned in a timely manner. In addition, we attach great
               importance to customer experience by analyzing customers’ behavioral preferences and
               habits to drive product and operational improvements. We check the potential problems of
               the products regularly to explore defense optimization, improve the product functions, and
               make iterative updates in a timely manner. Additionally, to improve its services, the Group
               launched a satisfaction questionnaire specifically targeted at customers. To enhance new
               employees’ understanding of products and services, the Group regularly organizes trainings
               for new employees to improve business capabilities. Besides, the Group has developed
               a subscription page so that it can provide customers with the latest product and service
               information in a timely manner.

               Additionally, the Group undertakes internal audit and evaluation of plans prior to presenting
               them to clients for quality assurance purposes.




108 Mobvista Inc.
                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Advertising
The Group’s advertising activities are governed by the Advertisement Law of the People’s
Republic of China (《中 華 人 民 共 和 國 廣 告 法》), the Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the
People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國反不正當競爭法》), the Regulations for the
Control of Advertising (《廣 告 管 理 條 例》) and other relevant laws and regulations. We
disclose clear and transparent information in our advertising material with prior approval or
authorization to avoid false information disclosure or plagiarism, and carefully review the
content of advertisements to eliminate exaggerated and inaccurate propaganda.

Intellectual property
 Intellectual property protection is important to the Group’s business development and
 protection of its interests. The Group complies with the Patent Law of the People’s Republic
 of China (《中華人民共和國專利法》), the Copyright Law of the People’s Republic of China
(《中華人民共和國著作權法》), the Computer Software Protection Regulations (《計算機軟件
 保護條例》), the Computer Software Copyright Registration Procedures (《計算機軟件著作
 權登記辦法》) and any other related laws and regulations, to protect the intellectual property
 rights associated with our assets, including internet activities, products distributed via the
 internet, and software products, while preventing infringement.

The Group has established a legal team to guarantee the effective implementation of
intellectual property protection. We actively cultivate a culture of intellectual property
innovation. The Group also implements the Intellectual Property Reward Scheme (《知識產權
獎勵辦法》) to empower employees to respect copyrights and intellectual property. Besides,
we incentivize innovation and originality. We reward employees who have made outstanding
contribution to intellectual creation achievements, such as having a patent application
authorized or an academic paper cited in the Chinese journals.

We conduct detailed market research and submit formal trademark registrations to the
Trademark Office in order to avoid the occurrence of identical or similar trademarks on the
same or similar goods or services that have been registered or preliminarily approved, and
to ensure we do not violate or infringe the intellectual property rights, patents and related
rights of third parties. Additionally, we register and renew related patents in accordance with
novelty, creativity and practicality after evaluating the needs of patents. As of 31 December
2021, the Group had 169 intellectual property rights, including 1 patent, 36 copyrights, 60
trademarks and 72 domain names.

Customer service
As a customer-oriented enterprise, Mobvista is committed to building healthy customer
relationships with benign interaction through continuous effective communication. We
stay current with the latest technologies and market development trends and as a result
can provide clients with the best customer service throughout the entire life cycle while
understanding their needs.




                                                                          Annual Report 2021 109
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




               Customers are entitled to file a complaint through our standardized complaint system if they
               believe the content of our advertising material infringes on their legal rights and interests, or
               involves illegal activities, such as fraud, violence, harassment or pornography. We handle the
               complaint request according to Mintegral’s Guideline for Complaints. Necessary measures
               will be arranged in a timely manner in compliance with the applicable laws or regulations
               if the accusation is found true, valid and legitimate. We inform our customers of such
               measures through meetings to maintain excellent customer satisfaction.

               When facing customer complaints, we handle them according to the following three
               principles:

               1.    Emphasize the voice of customers. Set up an independent complaint page and accept
                     user feedback frankly.

               2.    Think about customer needs. Customize clear processing mechanisms for different
                     types of complaints to ensure that customers get the best solutions.

               3.    Solve user problems. Aim to solve complaints within 24 hours and respond to
                     customers’ complaints in a timely manner.

               Our reputation for service excellence stems from our deep understanding of our clients’
               needs. We actively collect customer opinions to enhance our service quality.

               During the Reporting Period, the Group did not receive any cases of product or
               service-related complaints.

         3.3   Probity in Business
               Our credibility and accountability rely on our operational integrity. The Group strictly adheres
               to the Criminal Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國刑法》), the Law
               Against Unfair Competition of the People’s Republic of China 《中華人民共和國反不正當競
                                                                                (
               爭法》), the Interim Provisions on Banning Commercial Bribery (《關於禁止商業賄賂行為的暫
               行規定》) and other applicable laws and regulations.

               Code of conduct
               The “Employee Handbook” (《員工手冊》) contains anti-fraud and anti-corruption provisions,
               such as preventing employees from accepting gifts, getting commissions, or rebating for
               personal gain by abusing their position. Employees can gain a thorough understanding of the
               disciplinary standards during new employee orientation, thereby preventing violations and
               increasing their awareness. No cases of illegal activities in relation to bribery, extortion, fraud
               and money laundering by the Group and its employees were found during the Reporting
               Period.




110 Mobvista Inc.
                                            Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Reporting
      We have established an internal policy, the Anti-fraud and Reporting Mechanism
      Management Measures (《 反 舞 弊 與 舉 報 機 制 管 理 辦 法》), to govern anti-bribery and
      anti-corruption. It provides a comprehensive monitoring, standardized reporting and
      feedback mechanism to handle any suspicious transactions or acts. Employees can
      anonymously report suspicious cases through our hotline or email. We gather pertinent
      information, conduct fair and impartial investigations, and provide whistleblowers with
      feedback on the investigation.

      Business integrity
      Our policy is to conduct our business and operations in an honest and ethical manner.
      The Group has a zero-tolerance approach to commercial bribery and corruption and is
      committed to acting with professionalism, fairness, and integrity in all business operations.

      Regulation
      In accordance with the “Mobvista Inc. Risk Management Policies” (《匯量科技風險管理
      制度》), the Group has implemented a “Three Lines of Defense” risk management system
      to clearly define roles and duties. The Audit Department of the Group performs routine
      risk assessments and executes risk adaptation and mitigation strategies. This department
      shall report to the Board annually, and the Board will provide direction, supervision, and
      engagement as necessary.

      During the Reporting Period, the Group provided training to the Board and employees
      on recognizing and mitigating commercial bribery risks. The training included a detailed
      explanation of the definition of commercial bribery, examples of violations, the legal
      ramifications, and risk management and prevention strategies.

3.4   Cooperating with Suppliers
      Mobvista expects its cooperative suppliers to be environmentally and socially responsible.
      Supply chain management is strengthened through the establishment of the “Mobvista Inc.
      Supply Chain Management Policy” (《匯量科技集團採購制度規範》), which is adopted and
      strictly followed during regular assessments of the environmental and social risks along the
      supply chain, and compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including the Bidding
      Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國招標投標法》) and the Regulation on
      the Implementation of the Bidding Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國
      招標實施條例》). Personnel who are involved in the purchase process must follow the policy’s
      procurement flow chart. Additionally, suppliers must meet entry requirements with respect to
      scale, capital position, commercial reputation, and related credentials.




                                                                              Annual Report 2021 111
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




                To ensure that suppliers incorporate ESG elements as a key value in their provision of
                services and products, we take into full consideration the performance of our suppliers
                in terms of environmental protection, social responsibility, and employee health and
                safety. Take environmental protection as an example, our cloud service suppliers have
                demonstrated that they are dedicated to reducing their carbon footprint and conserving
                energy by using water-cooling technology for their data centers and powering their
                operations with renewable energy sources.

                In the social aspects, we ensure that the selected suppliers adhere to business practices
                which are ethical, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and uphold social responsibility. In the
                environmental aspects, the Group promotes green procurement by procuring items and
                services that have a low environmental impact. We prioritize the purchase of products that
                are recyclable, have less packaging, longer shelf life, and higher energy efficiency, such as
                the LED lighting and refillable ballpoint pens that are used in our offices.

                The Group will evaluate its cooperative suppliers on a regular basis based on the quality,
                satisfaction, and effectiveness of their products and services, and the suppliers’ qualification
                documents including the quality system certifications, business licenses, production licenses,
                product certifications, test reports, etc. The Group reserves the right to cease cooperation
                with suppliers when their behavior is found to be inconsistent with our expectations, and
                we refuse to cooperate with suppliers who have a poor performance record. Lastly, we
                frequently review the performance of suppliers, and the results lay the foundation for future
                collaboration opportunities.

                During the Reporting Period, the Group had 134 suppliers providing products and services,
                and all of them were from Mainland China (including Guangzhou, Beijing, Wuhan, Zhuhai,
                Shenzhen, Hainan, etc.). Products include equipment and catering while services include
                repair and maintenance, management, logistics, etc.

    4.    Employee Care
         Mobvista believes its employees are valuable assets for long-term development. We keep a
         watchful eye on the health and safety of employees amid the pandemic. In addition, we continue
         to invest resources in the areas of recruitment, training and providing competitive remuneration
         and benefits. We strictly adhere to the Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民
         共和國勞動法》), the Labour Contract Law (《勞動合同法》), the Law on the Protection of Minors (
         《未成年人保護法》), the Prohibition of the Use of Child Labour 《禁止使用童工規定》
                                                                         (                     ) and other
         employment-related laws and regulations of the place of operation as our employment principle.




112 Mobvista Inc.
                                               Environmental, Social and Governance Report




 In accordance with the requirements of the laws, we have compiled an “Employee Handbook”
(《員工手冊》) in which an array of internal regulations, policies and other relevant contents,
 including but not limited to employment standards, recruitment, promotion, working hours, leave,
 performance management, salary, dismissal, remuneration and benefits, with applicable revisions
 over time to ensure its compliance with the laws and regulations. During the Reporting Period,
 there was no violation of labour policies. Employees are welcome to report or complain to the
 Group if any wrongdoings are noticed.

As at 31 December 2021, the number of employees of the Group classified by different categories
is as follows:


                 By Gender                     By Employment Type
                                                      16             7
                                                                               Short-term contract/
                                                          41                   Part time employee
                                                                     126

                                                                               Junior employee
                                   Male
            502              549                                               Middle management
                                   Female
                                                               861
                                                                               Senior management

                                                                               Top management


            By Age Groups                     By Geographical Region
                                                                               Guangzhou
                 3                                  3 25        23
                                               11
                                                                               Beijing
                                                    49
                                   Below 30                                    Europe

                                                                               America
           469           579       30-50
                                                                               Africa
                                                    422                  518
                                   Above 50                                    Others (Greater
                                                                               China Regions)

                                                                               Others (Asia)



4.1   Employment Standards
      As an international technology company, we believe that we are currently in a very
      competitive industry where attracting and retaining the best talent is essential to our
      success. Mobvista offers equal opportunities to all candidates. No distinction is made on
      the basis of race, color, age, gender, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, association,
      religious beliefs, sexual orientation, gender identity, expression, disability, pregnancy and
      other legally protected characteristics.

      We protect the rights and benefits of female employees during pregnancy, childbirth,
      breastfeeding, and prohibit any reduction in wages or unilateral termination of contracts
      due to pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding. We fully respect each employee, promote
      equality, and we do not tolerate any form of illegal discrimination and harassment, firmly
      prohibit forced and exploitative labor practices and employment of employees under the age
      of 18.

                                                                                         Annual Report 2021 113
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




               Performance review and promotion
               The Group continues to build and improve our performance appraisal and promotion
               system. We have formulated and employed a performance management system to evaluate
               employee performance objectively and comprehensively. We have also added a performance
               communication part to ensure that each employee’s performance is fair and equitable.
               The appraisal result acts as a reference for employees’ promotion, remuneration and
               vocational training adjustments. Personnel are, furthermore, offered with a platform to review
               performance and explore potential growth opportunities through the regular appraisal system
               to help employees better play their own strengths and achieve an effective match between
               positions and talents.

               Compensation and dismissal
               Taking employees’ mental needs, work performance, personal growth and development
               into account, we have provided corresponding support for our employees. Compensation is
               offered in alignment with the market status, the performance of employees and the value of
               the positions.

               The Group strictly adheres to the Labour Contract Law (《勞動合同法》) and any related
               labour laws and regulations and does not arbitrarily dismiss employees. The Group has the
               right to terminate their employment relationship in cases of serious violation of the code
               of conduct. Employees can also terminate their contract voluntarily and are required to
               complete the handover and follow resignation arrangements within the notice period.

               During the Reporting Period, the employee turnover rate of the Group classified by different
               categories is as follows:

                Category                                                  Employee turnover rate (%)
                By gender
                Male                                                      22.8
                Female                                                    28.0
                By age groups
                Below 30                                                  27.4
                30–50                                                     22.9
                Above 50                                                  33.3
                By geographical region
                Guangzhou                                                 25.6
                Beijing                                                   24.3
                Europe                                                    26.2
                America                                                   35.3
                Africa                                                    0.0
                Others (Greater China Regions)                            4.2
                Others (Asia)                                             42.1

               Note:   Calculation equation of turnover rate: Number of employees who left the company/(No. of employees who
                       left the company + No. of employees at the year-end) x 100%, excluding the part-time employees

114 Mobvista Inc.
                                      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Benefit and welfare
Mobvista provides competitive benefit programs and wellness resources that go above and
beyond the legal requirement. We offer diverse benefits and welfares to our employees
including onboarding gifts, three meals, afternoon tea, regular health consultations, holiday
benefits, paid holidays, and talent apartments. Meanwhile, Mobvista has provided a work
area, fitness zone, recreation area, coffee corner and book corner to maintain employees’
mental health while they are busy in work.




         Dragon Boat Festival Gifts                            Afternoon Tea




               Coffee Corner                                    Fitness Zone

All details are available in the “Employee Handbook” (《員工手冊》), which will be updated as
necessary to reflect market changes and employee expectations.




                                                                        Annual Report 2021 115
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




               To nurture a harmonious and inclusive culture, we organize a variety of activities.




                           Mid-Autumn Festival                            8th year Anniversary Party




                         Chinese Valentine’s Day                        The 3rd Mobvista Hackathon

         4.2   Labour Standards
                We have zero tolerance towards child and forced labour and abide by the Law on the
                Protections of Minors (《未成年人保護法》) and the Prohibition of the Use of Child Labour
               (《禁 止 使 用 童 工 規 定》). The Group’s “Employee Handbook” (《員 工 手 冊》) sets out the
                Group’s working hours, rest periods, holidays, leave entitlements as well as termination of
                employment and compensation.

               Background checks with a review of identification documents of potential candidates would
               be conducted in our hiring process. Besides, each employee will enter into a contract of
               employment with the Group that sets out the employment terms and conditions so that the
               employee understands the terms of his or her employment to prevent the use of child labour
               and forced labour in the Group’s business operations. If child labour and forced labour is
               identified, we will immediately terminate the employment according to the law and take
               corresponding remedial measures.

               During the Reporting Period, no non-conformity with laws and policies concerning child and
               forced labour has been identified.




116 Mobvista Inc.
                                                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




4.3   Training and Development
      Our people are the engine of the long-term success of our business. Our business is
      driven by the capabilities and commitment of our employees. The Group has built a
      systematic training system from onboarding, knowledge, and skills to career development
      — Cool College. We provide a series of customized training courses for employees and
      encourage them to share their knowledge as instructors, aiming to continuously enhance the
      professional skills, professionalism and leadership of all employees and help them improve
      their competitiveness in the workplace. We adopt diverse training modes: micro-classes,
      graphic classes, and live classes to facilitate employees’ access to the knowledge they
      need. We also set up departmental trainings on professional skills enhancement of each
      department, such as R&D staff and business staff. We continue to reinforce our training
      system to help employees reach their full potential. Additionally, employees produce industry
      intelligence papers on a regular basis to help them engage with current and potential
      customers, and to enable them to align with market trends.

      We strive for equity and equality. Every employee of ours has equal opportunities to
      promotion and remuneration based on their work performance. Besides, we encourage
      employees to participate in work-related external trainings. Subsidies are provided for the
      approved programs.

      During the Reporting Period, the Group has provided new joiners introduction programs,
      technical courses, general courses, management courses and thematic project classes.
      There were 669 employees trained this Year. The details of percentage of employees trained
      and average training hours per employee by gender and employee type were as follows:

                                                                                                       Average
                                                                                                       training
                                                                                                         hours
                                                                            Percentage               completed
                                                                          of employees                 by each
       Category                                                                 trained               employee
                                                                                        (%)                (hour)
       By gender
       Male                                                                             52.7                    3.9
       Female                                                                           47.3                    4.0
       By employee type
       Short-term contract/Part time employee                                           10.8                    1.8
       Junior employee                                                                  83.8                    4.1
       Middle management                                                                 3.5                    4.4
       Senior management                                                                 1.1                    9.8
       Top management                                                                    0.8                    7.2

      Note:	The calculation was based on the reporting guidelines for social key performance indicators issued by the
             Stock Exchange.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2021 117
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




         4.4   Health and Safety
               The Group is committed to providing a healthy and safe working environment for its
               employees and continues to invest resources in safeguarding their health and safety. We
               comply with the Work Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國安
               全生產法》), and the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of
               Occupational Diseases (《中華人民共和國職業病防治法》). We remind employees to pay
               attention to the use of electricity and water in the work area. We also regularly disseminate
               and publicize safety knowledge to employees. At the same time, the Group has arranged
               regular medical consultations and annual health checks for its employees.

               The Group promotes a healthy lifestyle and encourages employees to engage in physical
               activities to strengthen their bodies. The Group has established a swimming club, a
               badminton club, a skateboarding club etc., and has arranged specialists to supervise the
               trainings. Employees participate in sports activities after work to enhance their sense of
               well-being and accomplishment.




                           Skateboarding Club                                Badminton Club

               During the Reporting Period and in the past three years, there was no occurrence of work-
               related injuries or fatalities.

               We safeguard our staff’s health and safety by providing medical insurance and work injury
               insurance, in addition to annual health checkups. We closely monitor and inspect the hygiene
               of the meals we provide.




118 Mobvista Inc.
                                     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




In 2021, we further improved our employee well-being and promoted a healthy working
environment by providing shoulder and neck physiotherapy services. The physiotherapy we
provided alleviates our employees’ back and shoulder pains, and prevents work-induced
frozen shoulder, cervical spondylosis and any related occupational diseases.




                     Shoulder and Neck Physiotherapy Activity

Amidst the COVID-19 pandemic
In order to guarantee employees’ basic rights and safety, the Group has actively responded
to the calls of the government and considering operation needs during the pandemic,
the Group established several policies to protect employees’ health and safety, such as
extending vacation time and allowing employees to work remotely from home. Meanwhile,
anti-epidemic supplies such as medical protective masks, disinfectants, thermometers etc.
were procured promptly to ensure the supply of medical protection supplies for employees.
We responded swiftly to the new operating environment and actively reinforced epidemic
prevention measures to lessen the risks of infection. Only employees with normal body
temperature were given valid “Normal temperature” labels and thus allowed to enter the
company’s premises every day. All employees are required to wear masks and pay full
attention to personal hygiene in the company’s premises. The company’s premises were
cleaned on a regular basis. We adopted separate packaging of meals with the strictest
hygienic standards.




                                                                      Annual Report 2021 119
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




    5.   Green Operation
         Mobvista adheres to best practices in environmental management and encourages the operation
         of its business in an environmentally responsible manner. The Group thus strives to limit its
         resource consumption, improve energy utilization efficiency, and minimize adverse effects on
         the environment in its business practices. Further, the Group supports a green office and has
         implemented several measures to boost efforts to manage resources, emissions, waste and energy
         efficiency. During the Reporting Period, we had no violations related to air and greenhouse gas
         emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste.

         We comply with environmental regulations, including but not limited to the Energy Conservation
         Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國節約能源法》) and the Environmental
         Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國環境保護法》), as well as the
         Air Pollution Control Ordinance (《空氣污染管制條例》), the Water Pollution Control Ordinance (《水
         污染管制條例》), and the Waste Disposal Ordinance (《廢棄物處置條例》) of the Government of the
         Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

         The Guangzhou headquarters office, and the two offices in Beijing and Wuhan are chosen as the
         reporting boundaries of the environmental KPIs as the environmental impacts of the offices in
         Europe, the United States, South America, and Asia are comparatively negligible.

         The major businesses of the Group is mobile advertising and data analysis services, which mainly
         involve the use of the internet and technology platforms. Due to the nature of our business
         operations, we have not observed any significant impacts caused on the environment and natural
         resources. Nevertheless, the Group has formed a leading group (the “Leading Group”) on energy
         saving and consumption reduction to facilitate various energy-saving and conserving measures.
         The Leading Group monitors the environmental performance of offices and departments,
         implements the measurements, and also provides guidance and supervision to related
         departments.

         5.1   Electricity Conservation
               The Group leverages a cloud-native architecture and utilizes the public cloud instead of our
               own data center housing a private cloud. Our peak traffic is 4 times higher than the average
               traffic level. If we were to build facilities ourselves, we would need to configure hardware
               according to the peak traffic, which would waste a significant amount of resources. Public
               cloud usage is elastic, and services can be purchased on demand, which helps save
               electricity that would have been wasted by operating a data center directly.

               Moreover, public cloud suppliers often generate idle excess computing power for most of the
               day, while the servers in the data center are still running and continue to consume electricity.
               This results in unused computing cycles and unnecessary energy consumption. Our SpotMax
               cloud resource optimization solution can fully utilize the idle computing resources of the
               public cloud while ensuring service reliability which improves the utilization rates of cloud
               server infrastructure and reduces unnecessary electricity consumption.

               Keeping in mind the importance of lighting and air-conditioning to our operations, relevant
               departments of the Group post reminders to remind employees to conserve energy
               resources and build good habits regularly.



120 Mobvista Inc.
                                               Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      We encourage our people to build the habit of turning off lights before leaving the office.
      To ensure that all employees turn off lights before leaving the building, the Group arranges
      a security guard to patrol daily. During the day, natural light is preferred and utilized. We
      gradually transition to energy-saving LED lights in areas where we require luminance. Aside
      from installing motion sensors in places that are not frequently used, we have divided the
      office into different lighting zones and set up independent control switches.

      Several initiatives have been implemented to reduce the high electricity consumption of the
      air-conditioning system. The offices use the Central Control and Monitoring System (CCMS)
      for a more efficient and effective air-conditioning system coupled with regular cleaning and
      maintenance. It is necessary to maintain an appropriate temperature for the system and to
      clean the filter regularly. In addition, we avoid the installation of air conditioner in areas under
      direct sunlight.

      When purchasing new electrical appliances, we try to select energy efficiency and
      environmentally friendly products while considering the price factor, and to encourage
      employees to turn unused appliances off or into power-saving mode when taking a lunch
      break or leaving work.

      The Group’s electricity consumption and intensity were as follows:

       Indicator                     Unit                       2021             2020              2019
       Electricity consumption       kWh                  318,366.0         295,190.0        329,726.0
       Electricity consumption
          intensity                  kWh/employee              398.0             589.2            766.8


      Due to the epidemic, the Group has allowed employees to work from home for several
      periods during the Year, resulting in a 32.5% decrease in electricity consumption per
      employee compared to 2020.

5.2   Waste Disposal
      The Group pays full attention to the management of waste disposal. We separate hazardous
      and non-hazardous waste and treat them using appropriate disposal methods. We carry out
      the measures aforementioned in compliance with the Law of the People’s Republic of China
      on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste (《中華人民共和國固體
      廢物污染環境防治法》).

      Hazardous waste
      We have identified two primary sources of hazardous waste, i.e. printers and computers
      and consequently implemented the following measures. As part of our leasing agreement, a
      third-party supplier adds toner, and replaces and recycles the ink cartridges on our behalf.
      This can reduce the disposal rate and reduce the impact on the environment. The scrapped
      computers are sold to a third-party recycling company after they have reached a lifespan of
      three years and are out of service.




                                                                                   Annual Report 2021 121
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




               Non-hazardous waste
               The Group incorporates sustainability into its daily operations to minimize its environmental
               impact. We generally separate non-hazardous waste into domestic waste, kitchen waste
               and office waste. We have installed waste separation bins in each office area to facilitate
               waste management. Additionally, we have implemented a series of initiatives to increase
               the efficiency of garbage classification management, including posting waste classification
               information in public areas, and assigning specialists to conduct garbage classification.

               The generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste was as follows:

                Indicator                                Unit            2021           2020            2019
                Non-hazardous                         tonnes              53.4           55.3           46.7
                  waste
                Non-hazardous                    kg/employee              66.8          110.4          108.6
                  waste intensity
                Hazardous waste     Computer             items           193.0             —                —
                                       Battery           items           690.0             —                —
                Hazardous waste     Computer         items/                0.2             —                —
                  intensity                        employee
                                       Battery       items/                0.9             —                —
                                                   employee


               We experienced a 39.5% decrease in non-hazardous waste per employee compared to
               2020. We will continue to maintain our waste reduction practices and strive to improve our
               performance in the future.

               Paper resources
               We actively invest in the establishment of paperless offices, and set up different platforms
               to provide employees with support. We posted messages next to printers about recycling
               paper, saving paper and printing double-sided in order to remind our people to establish a
               sustainable habit. To minimize paper consumption and foreseeable paper waste, we follow
               the 4R principles, i.e. reduce, reuse, recycle and replace.

                Reduce                                           Reuse
                • Default computer setting is double-sided       • Using waste paper to jot notes
                  and toner saving                               • Using recycled paper to print internal
                • Printing the necessary documents only            documents
                • Keeping printed documents that are
                  frequently used to avoid multiple printing
                Recycle                                          Replace
                • Putting waste paper materials in the           • Using the office automation system for a
                  recycling bins near the printer                  paperless office
                • Collecting waste paper for further             • Utilizing electronic communication
                  treatment                                        technologies for communication


122 Mobvista Inc.
                                           Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      The paper consumption was as follows:

                                Size of
       Indicator                  Paper     Unit                 2021        2020        2019
       Paper consumption        A3          reams                  5.0         8.0        10.0
                                A4          reams                310.0       270.0       460.0
       The intensity of paper               reams/                 0.4         0.6         1.1
         consumption                          employee


      As we have executed the above policies in paper-saving proactively and implemented work
      from home measures due to the epidemic, the paper consumption intensity reduced by
      34.4% compared to 2020.

5.3   Water Resources
      We did not experience problems in sourcing water and water is supplied by the municipal
      system. The Group conserves water resources scientifically and rationally to prevent
      excessive water flowing. We promote the application of water-saving technologies within
      office areas to meet national water-saving standards. For example, water-saving signs were
      posted to raise water conservation awareness. We also conduct regular checks on water
      meter readings to uncover concealed water leaking issues. We will contact the property
      management company for immediate maintenance in case of leaking issues.

       Indicator                Unit                             2021        2020        2019
       Water consumption        tonnes                         4,756.0     2,601.0     2,852.0
       Water consumption        tonnes/employee                    5.9         5.2         6.6
        intensity


      The water consumption intensity was 5.9 tonnes per employee during the Reporting Period,
      which increased by 14.3% compared to the corresponding period last year, because there
      was more frequent cleaning for personnel, offices and workplaces under the epidemic.
      We will continue to maintain our water conservation practices and strive to improve our
      performance in the future.




                                                                            Annual Report 2021 123
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




         5.4   Greenhouse Gas Emissions
               The Group calculates the greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions in accordance with the
               ISO 14064-1 standard set by the International Organization for Standardization and the
               “Greenhouse Gas Protocol” developed by the World Resources Institute and the World
               Business Council for Sustainable Development. The results are as follows:

                   Summary of GHG Emissions1                 Unit                        2021           2020          2019
                   Scope 1   2          Direct GHG           tonnes of CO2                 0.3            4.9          14.5
                                           emissions           equivalent
                                                               (CO2e)
                   Scope 23             Indirect GHG         tonnes of CO2              194.2          180.1         173.8
                                           emissions           equivalent
                                                               (CO2e)
                   Total GHG emissions                       tonnes of CO2              194.5          185.0         188.3
                                                               equivalent
                                                               (CO2e)
                   Total GHG emissions intensity             tonnes of CO2e/               0.2            0.4           0.4
                     (per employee)                            employee

               Notes:

               1        We refer to “How to Prepare an ESG Report — Appendix II: Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs”
                        from the Stock Exchange to calculate our Group’s air pollutant emissions and greenhouse gas emissions.

               2        Scope 1: the direct GHG emissions generated from sources owned and controlled by the Group’s
                        headquarters office in Guangzhou, and the two offices in Beijing and Wuhan.

               3        Scope 2: indirect GHG emissions by electricity generation, heating or steam purchased by the Group’s
                        headquarters office in Guangzhou, and the two offices in Beijing and Wuhan.


                   Scope                                     Sources
                   Scope 1 — Direct GHG emissions            Fuel consumption from stationary sources and mobile
                                                             sources that the Group controls
                   Scope 2 — Indirect GHG                    Electricity purchased
                                 emissions




124 Mobvista Inc.
                                             Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Mobvista also calculated emissions from its vehicles as shown below:

    Type of Emissions1                  Unit                  2021             2020              2019
    Nitrogen Oxides (NOX)               kg                     0.06             20.8              48.1
    Sulfur Oxides (SOX)                 kg                   0.001              0.03               0.1
    Particulate Matter (PM)             kg                     0.01               1.9              4.5

Note:

1       We refer to “How to Prepare an ESG Report — Appendix II: Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs”
        from the Stock Exchange to calculate our Group’s air pollutant emissions.


The vehicles that the Group controls consumed 100 litres of petrol during the Reporting
Period.

We recognise that the use of vehicles contributes to the GHG emissions. The following
measures are adopted to reduce the GHG emissions:

•       Monitor the kilometers travelled and fuel consumption of our business vehicles to avoid
        the abuse of vehicles;

•       Maintain fleet and tires regularly. If necessary, we phase out fuel-intensive or
        emission-intensive vehicles;

•       Avoid idling vehicles’ engines to reduce outdoor air pollution whenever possible; and

•       Encourage employees to conduct conferences via video or phone call instead of going
        on business trips.

As mentioned above, the Group leverages highly elastic public cloud computing
infrastructure which lowers costs, electricity consumption, and ultimately carbon emissions
on a large scale.

In a recent report by Accenture, The Green Behind the Cloud, it was noted that migrating
from a physical data center to the public cloud can reduce electricity usage by 65%, and
decrease carbon emissions by 84%. In aggregate, it is estimated that this migration can
reduce 60 million tonnes of CO2 per year globally, which is the equivalent of taking 22 million
cars off the road.




                                                                                  Annual Report 2021 125
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




               In addition to reducing our own electricity usage and carbon emissions, our SpotMax cloud
               computing optimization solution enables our clients to operate their businesses using idle
               computing resources in the public cloud. For example, if an enterprise needs 100 servers
               and idle resources on the public cloud can be fully utilized, the server utilization rate of the
               applicable servers can be increased by 20%, which is equivalent to reducing the energy
               footprint of 20 servers. Twenty 1200W servers consume 576 kWh of electricity per day,
               and once air conditioners and uninterruptible power supply are factored in, the daily power
               consumption is as high as 844.8 kWh. If non-environmental friendly energy is used, it is
               equivalent to 663 kilograms of carbon being released into the air every day. On an annual
               basis, the total emissions will reach 242 tonnes. For reference, a car with a displacement of
               1.6L, driving 10,000 kilometers per year only emits 2.7 tons of carbon dioxide. This means
               that by utilizing idle computing resources in the public cloud, this enterprise can reduce
               carbon emissions equivalent to emissions from 89 cars during the year.

               The Group has made further steps to reduce greenhouse gas emissions:

               •     Staff restaurants strive to use low carbon or locally grown/produced food to reduce
                     carbon emissions associated with food deliveries;

               •     Encourage staff to take direct flights for business trips;

               •     Video conferencing is utilized to eliminate the need for non-essential business travel;
                     and

               •     Actively participate in low-carbon policies by using low-carbon products.

         5.5   Climate Change
               Climate change is one of the most severe global concerns facing society today, and we must
               act immediately to protect our climate and communities.

               The principal business scope of the Group covers mobile advertising and data analysis
               services. The company’s operations mainly involve the provision of internet and technology
               platform services. We observe that our business operations and supply chain are less
               affected by acute impacts due to climate change.

               As such, the risks of climate change identified by the Group include extreme weather
               conditions such as strong winds and heavy rainfall, as well as floods, which may force the
               closure of offices and/or the destruction of data centres; natural disasters caused by climate
               change may also decline the overall market production which will in turn affect the stability of
               the economy and financial markets and directly affect the operations of the Group.

               The Group has implemented measures to ensure the safety of its employees, including
               strict adherence to applicable government-issued extreme weather guidelines. The Group
               has developed emergency rules and mitigation methods to minimize damage due to future
               disasters. The Group will conduct regular reviews of its climate change initiatives to ensure
               their effectiveness.




126 Mobvista Inc.
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     5.6   Sustainability Target Plan
           During the Reporting Period, we established preliminary directional targets for energy usage
           efficiency, water efficiency, waste produced, and greenhouse gas emissions in order to
           improve our performance in energy conservation, water conservation, waste reduction,
           and greenhouse gas emissions reduction. We will assess our progress and advance more
           environmental protection goals when the opportunity arises. We shall establish more detailed
           quantitative environmental targets in the future to protect the environment and conserve
           natural resources.

            Environmental aspects                Targets
            Energy Conservation                  The Group will actively implement measures to
                                                 maintain or reduce the total electricity consumption
                                                 compared with the baseline year 2021.
            Water Conservation                   The Group will actively implement measures to
                                                 maintain or reduce the total water consumption
                                                 compared with the baseline year 2021.
            Waste Reduction                      The Group will actively implement measures to
                                                 maintain or reduce the total waste production
                                                 compared with the baseline year 2021.
            Greenhouse Gas Emissions             The Group will actively implement electricity-saving
                                                 plans and measures to maintain or reduce greenhouse
                                                 gas emissions compared with the baseline year 2021.


6.   Community Service
     It has always been a priority of Mobvista to invest in the local community in order to maintain good
     corporate citizenship. Through encouraging its employees to participate in voluntary work and
     promoting sustainable community development, Mobvista shares its fruits of corporate success
     with society to foster harmony in our community.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2021 127
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




         Community Support in Turbulent Times
         The COVID-19 pandemic forced many members in our community to face tremendous life changes,
         e.g. job loss, financial problems and loneliness. There is no doubt that this causes tremendous mental
         and physical stress. In hopes of sharing warmth and helping our community in this difficult time, we
         organized a mass donation of sanitary products at Shadong street, Liede street, Zhuji street, Tangxia
         street and Changxing Street in the Tianhe District (Guangzhou). The Group has donated a total of
         12,000 N95 masks, 2,000 face shields, 370 boxes of distilled water and 30 tents.




                                              Shadong Street Donation

         Support our local industry and community
         As a responsible company, we seek to develop ourselves while paying due attention to the
         needs of the communities in which we operate, and carry out a variety of activities to support the
         development of the local industry.

         On 7 September 2021, the Group responded to the call of the Tianhe District Committee and
         donated RMB100,000 to the Incubation Center Building Project of Tianhe Xingning Industrial Park
         to support the development of the local industry.
         On 3 August 2021, the Group donated RMB20,000 to Breeding and Farmers’ Professional
         Cooperative in Jinxin Village, Dongdi Township, Nayong County, for the development of carton and
         egg tray processing industry to help revitalize the countryside through precise poverty alleviation.

         In December 2021, the Group organized a Christmas campaign for public welfare care boxes,
         encouraging employees to donate books, stationery, educational toys and other gifts in concert
         with the Group’s procurement of materials totaling RMB10,000 to children left behind in mountains
         area of Meizhou, giving back to the community with a grateful heart and spreading warmth with
         practical actions.




                                           Public Welfare Care Box Activity

128 Mobvista Inc.
                                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Appendix: Content Index of the Guide
Indicator                                                                   Related Chapter
A. Environmental
A1 Emissions        General        Information on: (a) the policies; and    5. Green Operation
                    Disclosure     (b) compliance with relevant laws and
                                   regulations that have a significant
                                   impact on the issuer relating to air
                                   and greenhouse gas emissions,
                                   discharges into water and land, and
                                   generation of hazardous and non-
                                   hazardous waste.
                    A1.1           The types of emissions and respective    5.4 Greenhouse
                                   emissions data.                          Gas Emissions
                    A1.2           Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect     5.4 Greenhouse
                                   (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions       Gas Emissions
                                   (in tonnes) and, where appropriate,
                                   intensity.
                    A1.3           Total hazardous waste produced           5.2 Waste Disposal
                                   (in tonnes) and, where appropriate,
                                   intensity.
                    A1.4           Total non-hazardous waste produced       5.2 Waste Disposal
                                   (in tonnes) and, where appropriate,
                                   intensity.
                    A1.5           Description of emissions target(s) set   5.4 Greenhouse
                                   and steps taken to achieve them.         Gas Emissions
                                                                            5.6 Sustainability
                                                                            Target Plan
                    A1.6           Description of how hazardous and         5.2 Waste Disposal
                                   non-hazardous wastes are handled,        5.6 Sustainability
                                   and a description of reduction           Target Plan
                                   target(s) set and steps taken to
                                   achieve them.




                                                                            Annual Report 2021 129
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     Indicator                                                                           Related Chapter
     A2 Use of           General       Policies on the efficient use of resources,       5. Green Operation
     Resources           Disclosure    including energy, water and other raw
                                       materials.
                         A2.1          Direct and/or indirect energy consumption         5.1 Electricity
                                       by type (e.g. electricity, gas or oil) in total   Conservation
                                       and intensity.
                         A2.2          Water consumption in total and intensity.         5.3 Water
                                                                                         Resources
                         A2.3          Description of energy use efficiency              5.1 Electricity
                                       target(s) set and steps taken to                  Conservation
                                       achieve them.                                     5.6 Sustainability
                                                                                         Target Plan
                         A2.4          Description of whether there is any               5.3 Water
                                       issue in sourcing water that is fit for           Resources
                                       purpose, water efficiency target(s) set           5.6 Sustainability
                                       and steps taken to achieve them.                  Target Plan
                         A2.5          Total packaging material used for                 Not applicable
                                       finished products (in tonnes) and, if             to the Group’s
                                       applicable, with reference to per unit            business
                                       produced.

     A3 The              General       Policies on minimizing the issuer’s               5. Green Operation
     Environment and     Disclosure    significant impact on the environment
     Natural Resources                 and natural resources.
                         A3.1          Description of the significant impacts            5. Green Operation
                                       of activities on the environment and
                                       natural resources and the actions
                                       taken to manage them.

     A4 Climate Change   General       Policies on identification and mitigation         5. Green Operation
                         Disclosure    of significant climate-related issues
                                       which have impacted, and those
                                       which may impact, the issuer.
                         A4.1          Description of the significant climate-           5.5 Climate Change
                                       related issues which have impacted,
                                       and those which may impact, the
                                       issuer, and the actions taken to
                                       manage them.




130 Mobvista Inc.
                                     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Indicator                                                                  Related Chapter
B. Social
B1 Employment    General      Information on (a) the policies; and (b)     4. Employee Care
                 Disclosure     compliance with relevant laws and
                              regulations that have a significant
                              impact on the issuer relating to
                              compensation and dismissal,
                              recruitment and promotion, working
                              hours, rest periods, equal opportunity,
                              diversity, anti-discrimination, and other
                              benefits and welfare.
                 B1.1         Total workforce by gender, employment        4. Employee Care
                              type (e.g. full-time or part-time), age
                              group and geographical region.
                 B1.2         Employee turnover rate by gender,            4.1 Employment
                              age group and geographical region.           Standards

B2 Health and    General      Information on (a) the policies; and         4.4 Health and
Safety           Disclosure   (b) compliance with relevant laws and        Safety
                              regulations that have a significant impact
                              on the issuer relating to providing a safe
                              working environment and protecting
                              employees from occupational hazards.
                 B2.1         Number and rate of work-related              4.4 Health and
                              fatalities occurred in each of the past      Safety
                              three years including the reporting
                              year.
                 B2.2         Lost days due to work injury.                4.4 Health and
                                                                           Safety
                 B2.3         Description of occupational health           4.4 Health and
                              and safety measures adopted, and             Safety
                              how they are implemented and
                              monitored.

B3 Development   General      Policies on improving employees’             4.3 Training and
and Training     Disclosure   knowledge and skills for discharging         Development
                              duties at work. Description of training
                              activities.
                 B3.1         The percentage of employees trained          4.3 Training and
                              by gender and employee category              Development
                              (e.g. senior management, middle
                              management).
                 B3.2         The average training hours completed         4.3 Training and
                              per employee by gender and employee          Development
                              category.




                                                                           Annual Report 2021 131
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     Indicator                                                                   Related Chapter
     B4 Labour          General        Information on (a) the policies; and      4.2 Labour
     Standards          Disclosure     (b) compliance with relevant laws and     Standards
                                       regulations that have a significant
                                       impact on the issuer relating to
                                       preventing child and forced labour.
                        B4.1           Description of measures to review         4.2 Labour
                                       employment practices to avoid child       Standards
                                       and forced labour.
                        B4.2           Description of steps taken to eliminate   4.2 Labour
                                       such practices when discovered.           Standards
     B5 Supply Chain    General        Policies on managing environmental        3.4 Cooperating
     Management         Disclosure     and social risks of the supply chain.     with Suppliers
                        B5.1           Number of suppliers by geographical       3.4 Cooperating
                                       region.                                   with Suppliers
                        B5.2           Description of practices relating         3.4 Cooperating
                                       to engaging suppliers, number of          with Suppliers
                                       suppliers where the practices are
                                       being implemented, how they are
                                       implemented and monitored.
                        B5.3           Description of practices used to          3.4 Cooperating
                                       identify environmental and social risks   with Suppliers
                                       along the supply chain, and how they
                                       are implemented and monitored.
                        B5.4           Description of practices used to          3.4 Cooperating
                                       promote environmentally preferable        with Suppliers
                                       products and services when
                                       selecting suppliers, and how they are
                                       implemented and monitored.
     B6 Product         General        Information on (a) the policies; and      3.1 Data Privacy
     Responsibility     Disclosure     (b) compliance with relevant laws and     and Protection
                                       regulations that have a significant       3.2 Quality Control
                                       impact on the issuer relating to health   and Responsibility
                                       and safety, advertising, labeling and     of Services
                                       privacy matters relating to products
                                       and services provided and methods
                                       of redress.
                        B6.1           Percentage of total products sold or      It is not applicable
                                       shipped subject to recalls for safety     to the Group’s
                                       and health reasons.                       business.
                        B6.2           Number of products and service            3.2 Quality Control
                                       related complaints received and how       and Responsibility
                                       they are dealt with.                      of Services
                        B6.3           Description of practices relating to      3.2 Quality Control
                                       observing and protecting intellectual     and Responsibility
                                       property rights.                          of Services
                        B6.4           Description of quality assurance          3.2 Quality Control
                                       process and recall procedures.            and Responsibility
                                                                                 of Services
                        B6.5           Description of consumer data protection   3.1 Data Privacy
                                       and privacy policies, and how they are    and Protection
                                       implemented and monitored.


132 Mobvista Inc.
                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Indicator                                                                   Related Chapter
B7 Anti-corruption   General      Information on (a) the policies; and      3.3 Probity in
                     Disclosure   (b) compliance with relevant laws and     business
                                  regulations that have a significant
                                  impact on the issuer relating to
                                  bribery, extortion, fraud and money
                                  laundering.
                     B7.1         Number of concluded legal cases           3.3 Probity in
                                  regarding corrupt practices brought       business
                                  against the issuer or its employees
                                  during the Reporting Period and the
                                  outcomes of the cases.
                     B7.2         Description of preventive measures        3.3 Probity in
                                  and whistle-blowing procedures,           business
                                  and how they are implemented and
                                  monitored.
                     B7.3         Description of anti-corruption training   3.3 Probity in
                                  provided to directors and staff.          business

B8 Community         General      Policies on community engagement          6. Community
Investment           Disclosure   to understand the needs of the            Service
                                  communities where the issuer operates
                                  and to ensure its activities take into
                                  consideration the communities’
                                  interests.
                     B8.1         Focus areas of contribution (e.g.         6. Community
                                  education, environmental concerns,        Service
                                  labour needs, health, culture, sport).
                     B8.2         Resources contributed (e.g. money or      6. Community
                                  time) to the focus area.                  Service




                                                                            Annual Report 2021 133
    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




    to the shareholders of Mobvista Inc.
    (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

    Opinion
    We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Mobvista Inc. (“the Company”) and its
    subsidiaries (“the Group”) set out on pages 142 to 236, which comprise the consolidated statement of
    financial position as at 31 December 2021, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated
    statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in
    equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended and notes to the consolidated
    financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

    In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
    position of the Group as at 31 December 2021 and of its consolidated financial performance and its
    consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting
    Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been
    properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
    Ordinance.

    Basis for opinion
    We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by
    the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those
    standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
    statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s
    Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”) together with any ethical requirements that are
    relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in Cayman Islands, and we have fulfilled our
    other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code. We believe that the
    audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

    Key audit matters
    Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
    audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in
    the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
    thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




134 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                      Independent Auditor’s Report




Key audit matters (Continued)
Revenue recognition

Refer to note 3(a) to the financial statements and the accounting policies on page 170–172.

The Key Audit Matter                                 How the matter was addressed in our audit

The Group’s revenue, which comprises primarily       Our audit procedures to assess the recognition of
income from provision of mobile advertising          revenue included the following:
services during the year ended 31 December
2021.                                                •     inspecting Group’s contracts with customers
                                                           (on a sample basis) to understand the terms
Revenue is recognised when the related                     of service delivery and acceptance and
services are delivered based on the specific               assess the Group’s revenue recognition
terms of the contract. The Group uses several              policies with reference to the requirements of
different information technology (“IT”) systems            the prevailing accounting standards;
to track specified actions as specified in related
customer contracts. The calculation of the mobile    •     with the assistance of our internal IT
advertising services charges is automatically              specialists, identifying and evaluating the
performed by the technology platform based on              key relevant IT systems and the design,
pre-defined key parameters, including unit price           implementation and operating effectiveness
and volume. These IT systems are complex and               of key internal controls, with emphasis on
process large volumes of data during the year.             the capturing and recording of specified
                                                           action;
Records of mobile advertising services charges
are generated, in an aggregated amount of            •     with the assistance of our internal IT
each category, and are manually input into the             specialists, assessing the calculation
accounting system on a monthly basis.                      logic of the pre-defined formulae built into
                                                           the technology platform and the related
We identified revenue recognition as a key audit           parameters (including unit price and
matter because the reliance on complex IT                  transaction volume) used in the calculation
systems, with the subsequent manual input into             of mobile advertising service charges;
the accounting system, increases the risk of error
in recording revenue.                                •     comparing the details of the monthly
                                                           manual journal entries relating to the input
                                                           into the accounting system of aggregate
                                                           mobile advertising services revenue with the
                                                           reports generated by the IT systems;

                                                     •     comparing cash receipts from customers
                                                           during the year and after the financial year
                                                           end with invoices issued to customers
                                                           during the year, on a sample basis; and

                                                     •     inspecting underlying documentation for
                                                           other manual journal entries relating to
                                                           revenue which were considered to be
                                                           material or met other specific risk-based
                                                           criteria.



                                                                                    Annual Report 2021 135
    Independent Auditor’s Report




    Key audit matters (Continued)
     Assessment of potential impairment of goodwill

     Refer to note 12 to the financial statements and the accounting policies on page 163–164.

     The Key Audit Matter                                  How the matter was addressed in our audit

     The carrying values of the Group’s goodwill as at     Our audit procedures to assess the potential
     31 December 2021 amounted to US$115,342,000           impairment of goodwill included the following:
     of which US$19,981,000, US$9,017,000 and
     US$86,344,000 relate to the acquisitions of           •    evaluating management’s impairment
     businesses from nativeX, LLC (“nativeX”), Game             model, including the identification of and
     analytics ApS (“GA”) and Beijing Reyun Technology          the allocation of goodwill to each CGU
     Co., Ltd. together with HIO Software-as-a-Service          with reference to the requirements of the
     (“SaaS”) business (“Reyun SaaS business”)                  prevailing accounting standards;
     respectively. The goodwill recognised from the
     acquisitions of businesses have been allocated        •    evaluating the competence, experience,
     to the nativeX cash-generating unit (“CGU”), the           capability and objectivity of the external
     GA CGU and the Reyun SaaS business CGU                     valuer engaged by management to perform
     respectively.                                              the valuation of the relevant CGUs;

     Management performs impairment assessments            •    challenging the key estimates and
     of goodwill annually. Management engaged                   assumptions adopted in the discounted
     an external valuer to assess the recoverable               cash flow forecasts, including revenue
     amount of the relevant CGUs using the value in             growth rate, by referring to industry and
     use method by preparing discounted cash flow               other available third-party information, the
     forecasts derived from the most recent financial           recent financial performance of each CGU
     forecast approved by the management.                       subject to impairment assessment and the
                                                                financial budget which was approved by the
     The preparation of discounted cash flow forecasts          management;
     involves the exercise of significant judgement,
     particularly in estimating the revenue growth rates   •    comparing the actual results for the current
     and the discount rates applied.                            year with management’s estimates in their
                                                                cash flow forecasts for the previous year in
     We identified assessing potential impairment               order to assess the historical accuracy of
     of goodwill as a key audit matter because                  the management’s forecasting process;
     the impairment assessments prepared by
     management are complex and contain certain            •    involving our internal valuation specialists
     judgmental assumptions applied which could be              to assist us in evaluating the valuation
     subject to management bias in their selection.             methodologies adopted by the external
                                                                valuer in the preparation of the discounted
                                                                cash flow forecasts with reference to the
                                                                requirements of the prevailing accounting
                                                                standards, and assessing whether the
                                                                discount rates applied in the discounted
                                                                cash flow forecasts were within the range
                                                                adopted by other companies in the same
                                                                industry;


136 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                    Independent Auditor’s Report




Key audit matters (Continued)
Assessment of potential impairment of goodwill (Continued)

Refer to note 12 to the financial statements and the accounting policies on page 163–164.

The Key Audit Matter                               How the matter was addressed in our audit

                                                   •     obtaining from management sensitivity
                                                         analysis of the revenue growth rate and the
                                                         discount rate adopted in the discounted
                                                         cash flow forecast and assessing the
                                                         impact of changes in the key assumptions
                                                         on the conclusions reached in the
                                                         impairment assessments and whether there
                                                         were any indicators of management bias;
                                                         and

                                                   •     considering the disclosures in the financial
                                                         statements in respect of management’s
                                                         impairment assessments of goodwill
                                                         allocated to each CGU with reference to the
                                                         requirements of the prevailing accounting
                                                         standards.




                                                                                 Annual Report 2021 137
    Independent Auditor’s Report




    Key audit matters (Continued)
     Expected credit loss allowance of trade receivables

     Refer to note 16 to the financial statements and the accounting policies on page 160–163.

     The Key Audit Matter                                How the matter was addressed in our audit

     As disclosed in note 16 to the financial            Our audit procedures to assess the ECL
     statements, the Group has trade receivables         allowance included the following:
     amounting to approximately US$153,127,000
     as at 31 December 2021. Expected credit             •    assessing the design, implementation and
     losses (“ECL”) allowance of US$8,190,000 were            operating effectiveness of key internal
     reversed during the year ended 31 December               controls which govern credit control, debt
     2021.                                                    collection and estimating the credit loss
                                                              allowance;
     Trade receivables are generally due within 60 to
     90 days from the date of revenue recognition.       •    evaluating the Group’s policy for estimating
                                                              the credit loss allowance with reference
     Management measures the loss allowance for               to the requirements of the prevailing
     lifetime ECLs of the trade receivables based on          accounting standard;
     estimated loss rates for each category of trade
     receivables grouped according to the shared         •    assessing, on a sample basis, whether
     credit risk characteristics. The estimated loss          items in the trade receivables ageing report
     rates are based on a number of factors which             were classified within the appropriate
     include ageing of trade receivables, customers’          ageing bracket by comparing individual
     repayment history, customers’ financial position,        items in the report with the relevant sales
     current market conditions and forecast of future         invoices;
     economic conditions, all of which involve a
     significant degree of management judgment.          •    obtaining from management the provision
                                                              matrix of trade receivables and challenging
     We identified assessing the ECL allowance for            management’s estimates of loss allowance,
     trade receivables as a key audit matter because          taking into consideration the ageing of
     determining the level of the loss allowance is           the trade receivables, credit terms, recent
     inherently subjective and requires significant           settlement patterns, historical observed
     management judgment, which increases the risk            default rates, current market conditions and
     of error or potential management bias.                   the forecast of future economic conditions;

                                                         •    identifying long overdue trade receivables
                                                              by inspecting the trade receivable ageing
                                                              report and challenging management’s
                                                              assessment of the recoverability of these
                                                              balances, taking into consideration the
                                                              ageing of the balances, credit terms, recent
                                                              settlement patterns, identified default or
                                                              disputes, the debtors’ financial condition,
                                                              recent communications with the debtors
                                                              and the future economic forecast.




138 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                       Independent Auditor’s Report




Information other than the consolidated financial statements and
auditor’s report thereon
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the
information included in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate
the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the
Group’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
report that includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose.
We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2021 139
    Independent Auditor’s Report




    As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
    professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

    •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
          whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks,
          and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The
          risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting
          from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations or the
          override of internal control.

    •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
          that are appropriate in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
          effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

    •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
          estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

    •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
          and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
          or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
          If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
          report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
          inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up
          to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to
          cease to continue as a going concern.

    •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
          including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
          underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

    •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
          business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
          We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain
          solely responsible for our audit opinion.

    We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
    timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control
    that we identify during our audit.

    We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
    requirements regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters
    that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to
    eliminate threats or safeguard applied.




140 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                       Independent Auditor’s Report




From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine
that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so
would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Fong Kwin.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants

8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong

31 March 2022




                                                                                      Annual Report 2021 141
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
    for the year ended 31 December 2021
    (Expressed in United States dollar)

                                                                                 2021              2020
                                                               Note           US$’000           US$’000

    Revenue                                                     3             755,412           516,148

    Cost of sales                                                             (633,490)         (434,008)



    Gross profit                                                              121,922             82,140

    Selling and marketing expenses                                             (47,146)          (16,957)
    Research and development expenses                                          (68,771)          (31,874)
    General and administrative expenses                                        (27,633)          (44,342)
    Other net income                                            4                9,272             5,820

    Loss from operations                                                       (12,356)           (5,213)

    Change in fair value of derivative financial liabilities   22              (13,979)               —
    Finance costs                                              5(a)             (4,379)           (1,897)

    Loss before taxation                                        5              (30,714)           (7,110)

    Income tax                                                  6                5,950             1,904

    Loss for the year                                                          (24,764)           (5,206)


    Attributable to:
      Equity shareholders of the Company                                       (24,958)           (5,206)
      Non-controlling interests                                                    194                —

    Loss for the year                                                          (24,764)           (5,206)


    Loss per share                                              9

    Basic (United States dollar cents)                                           (1.59)            (0.35)
    Diluted (United States dollar cents)                                         (1.59)            (0.35)




    The notes on pages 150 to 236 form part of these financial statements. Details of dividends payable to
    equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the profit for the year are set out in note 27(h).

142 Mobvista Inc.
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
                     OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                    for the year ended 31 December 2021
                                                                       (Expressed in United States dollar)

                                                                             2021                 2020
                                                                          US$’000              US$’000

Loss for the year                                                          (24,764)              (5,206)

Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year

Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
   Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of
     overseas subsidiaries                                                      824              (1,842)

Total comprehensive loss for the year                                      (23,940)              (7,048)


Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company                                         (24,134)              (7,048)
Non-controlling interests                                                      194                   —

Total comprehensive loss for the year                                      (23,940)              (7,048)




The notes on pages 150 to 236 form part of these financial statements.

                                                                                   Annual Report 2021 143
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
    at 31 December 2021
    (Expressed in United States dollar)

                                                                        31 December    31 December
                                                                                2021          2020
                                                                Note         US$’000       US$’000

    Non-current assets

    Property, plant and equipment                                10            7,613        10,888
    Intangible assets                                            11          117,668        43,324
    Goodwill                                                     12          115,342        28,998
    Deferred tax assets                                         23(b)         22,040        15,111
    Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or
       loss (FVPL)                                               14            1,663         3,065
    Deposits                                                     16               —            676

                                                                             264,326       102,062

    Current assets

    Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or
       loss (FVPL)                                               14           12,199        54,274
    Contract costs                                               15              552            —
    Trade and other receivables                                  16          170,158       286,830
    Prepayments                                                               12,668         9,693
    Restricted cash                                             17(a)          6,320         4,887
    Cash and cash equivalents                                   17(b)        160,322        39,311
    Current tax recoverable                                     23(a)          1,226           549
    Assets held for sale                                         18          119,197            —

                                                                             482,642       395,544

    Current liabilities

    Trade and other payables                                     19          214,846       149,863
    Current tax payable                                         23(a)          8,040         9,670
    Bank loans                                                   20           59,269        56,441
    Lease liabilities                                            21            3,992         4,600
    Derivative financial liabilities                             22           16,377            —
    Liabilities held for sale                                    18           47,007            —

                                                                             349,531       220,574

    Net current assets                                                       133,111       174,970


    Total assets less current liabilities                                    397,437       277,032




144 Mobvista Inc.
                                                   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

                                                                           at 31 December 2021 (continued)
                                                                         (Expressed in United States dollar)

                                                                     31 December           31 December
                                                                             2021                 2020
                                                           Note           US$’000              US$’000

Non-current liabilities

Convertible bonds                                           22                27,509                   —
Deferred tax liabilities                                   23(b)               7,558                2,101
Lease liabilities                                           21                 2,854                6,972
Other non-current liabilities                                                    158                  157

                                                                              38,079                9,230


NET ASSETS                                                                   359,358             267,802


CAPITAL AND RESERVES

Share capital                                               26                16,640              15,341
Reserves                                                                     320,164             252,461

Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the
  Company                                                                    336,804             267,802
Non-controlling interests                                                     22,554                  —

TOTAL EQUITY                                                                 359,358             267,802

The consolidated financial statements on page 142 to 236 were approved and authorized for issue by the
Board of Directors on 31 March 2022 and were signed on its behalf by:




                     Duan Wei                                            Cao Xiaohuan
                      Director                                              Director




The notes on pages 150 to 236 form part of these financial statements.

                                                                                     Annual Report 2021 145
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
    for the year ended 31 December 2021
    (Expressed in United States dollar)

                                                                                                                                 Share-
                                                                                                                  Reserve        based
                                                 Share       Share      Capital Statutory Exchange            for treasury payments        Retained
                                                capital   premium       reserve      reserve      reserve           shares      reserve      profits Total equity
                                     Note     US$’000     US$’000      US$’000      US$’000      US$’000         US$’000       US$’000     US$’000     US$’000
                                             (note 26) (note 27(b)) (note 27(a)) (note 27(c)) (note 27(d))     (note 27(f)) (note 27(e))

    As at 1 January 2020                       15,341      136,700           36        1,653        1,059           (601)       31,158      80,694       266,040

    Changes in equity for the year
     ended 31 December 2020:

    Loss for the year                              —            —            —            —             —              —             —       (5,206)      (5,206)
    Other comprehensive loss                       —            —            —            —         (1,842)            —             —           —        (1,842)

    Total comprehensive loss                       —            —            —            —         (1,842)            —             —       (5,206)      (7,048)

    Vested RSUs                                    —        18,122           —            —             —             372       (18,494)         —            —
    Share-based compensation         27(e)         —            —            —            —             —              —         13,194          —        13,194
    Share purchased for RSUs         27(f)         —            —            —            —             —          (4,384)           —           —        (4,384)

    Balance at 31 December 2020                15,341      154,822           36        1,653          (783)        (4,613)      25,858      75,488       267,802




146 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                             Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                                                                                                            for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued)
                                                                                                                           (Expressed in United States dollar)

                                                                         Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                              Reserve        Share-
                                                                                                                   for       based                                        Non-
                                             Share        Share      Capital Statutory Exchange              treasury payments           Retained                   controlling     Total
                                            capital premium          reserve      reserve      reserve         shares       reserve        profits    Sub-total       interests    equity
                                Note       US$’000 US$’000 US$’000 US$’000                    US$’000         US$’000      US$’000        US$’000      US$’000         US$’000    US$’000
                                          (note 26) (note 27(b)) (note 27(a)) (note 27(c)) (note 27(d))    (note 27(f)) (note 27(e))

As at 1 January 2021                         15,341      154,822           36        1,653         (783)        (4,613)       25,858        75,488      267,802            —       267,802

Changes in equity for
  the year ended 31
  December 2021:

Loss for the year                                —            —            —            —            —              —              —       (24,958)      (24,958)         194      (24,764)
Other comprehensive income                       —            —            —            —           824             —              —            —            824           —           824

Total comprehensive loss                         —            —            —            —           824             —              —       (24,958)      (24,134)         194      (23,940)

Non-controlling interests
   arising from business
   combination                 28                —            —            —            —            —              —              —             —            —        22,360       22,360
Issuance of ordinary share
   upon subscription, net of
   issuance cost             26(b)(vi)          725       53,912           —            —            —              —              —             —       54,637            —        54,637
Issuance of ordinary share
   related to business
   combination, net of
   issuance cost             26(b)(vii)         574       49,714           —            —            —              —              —             —        50,288           —        50,288
Vested RSUs                                      —         9,941           —            —            —           3,130        (13,071)           —            —            —            —
Share-based compensation 27(e)                   —            —            —            —            —              —           5,836            —         5,836           —         5,836
Share repurchased for RSUs 27(f)                 —            —            —            —            —         (10,991)            —             —       (10,991)          —       (10,991)
Share repurchased for
   cancellation               26(b)              —            —            —            —            —          (6,634)            —             —        (6,634)          —        (6,634)

Balance at 31 December
  2021                                       16,640      268,389           36        1,653           41        (19,108)       18,623        50,530      336,804        22,554      359,358




The notes on pages 150 to 236 form part of these financial statement.

                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2021 147
    CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
    for the year ended 31 December 2021
    (Expressed in United States dollars)

                                                                      31 December     31 December
                                                                              2021           2020
                                                              Note         US$’000        US$’000

    Operating activities

    Cash generated from operations                            17(c)         45,641         14,656

    Tax (paid)/refund:

    — PRC income tax (paid)/refund                                            (681)         1,809
    — Overseas tax paid                                                     (2,481)          (902)

    Net cash generated from operating activities                            42,479         15,563

    Investing activities

    Investment in other financial assets                                   (14,932)        (8,492)
    Proceeds from disposal of other financial assets                       127,899         12,339
    Payment for the purchase of property, plant and
       equipment                                                              (564)          (240)
    Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                     24             28
    Disposal of a subsidiary                                                  (101)            —
    Payment for intangible assets and development costs                    (54,755)       (35,436)
    Business combination                                      28(c)        (45,511)            —
    Interest received                                                        6,118          2,182

    Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities                  18,178        (29,619)




148 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                  Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

                                                             for the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued)
                                                                           (Expressed in United States dollars)

                                                                           31 December        31 December
                                                                                   2021              2020
                                                               Note             US$’000           US$’000

Financing activities

Proceeds from bank loans                                       17(d)            270,766             217,509
Repayment of bank loans                                        17(d)           (266,849)           (217,056)
Listing expense paid                                                                 —                (4,946)
Capital element of lease rentals paid                          17(d)             (4,460)              (4,084)
Interest element of lease rentals paid                         17(d)               (423)                (364)
Proceeds from sub-lease                                                              —                   453
Interests and other borrowing cost paid                        17(d)             (1,188)              (1,558)
Proceeds from issuance of ordinary share upon
   subscription, net of issuance cost                        26(b)(vi)           54,637                   —
Payment of share purchased for RSUs                            27(f)            (10,991)              (4,384)
Payment of share purchased for cancellation                  26(b)(viii)         (6,634)                  —
Change in restricted and pledged deposits                                        (1,433)                 134
Proceeds from issuance of convertible bonds                     22               30,000                   —
Payment for interest on convertible bonds                       22                 (435)                  —
Payment of transaction cost for issuance of convertible
   bonds                                                                          (1,846)                  —

Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                           61,144              (14,296)


Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                            121,801              (28,352)

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the
  year                                                                           39,311              67,348

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                             (680)                315

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                160,432              39,311


Analysis of balance of cash and cash equivalents:

Cash and cash equivalents                                      17(b)            160,322              39,311
Cash and cash equivalents included in assets classified as
  held-for-sale                                                 18                   110                   —

                                                                                160,432              39,311




The notes on pages 150 to 236 form part of these financial statements.

                                                                                        Annual Report 2021 149
    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    1     Significant accounting policies
          (a)    Statement of compliance
                 These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable
                 International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”), which collective term includes all
                 applicable individual International Financial Reporting Standards, International Accounting
                 Standards and Interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
                 (“IASB”), and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These
                 financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules
                 Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
                 “Stock Exchange”). Significant accounting policies adopted by the Group are disclosed
                 below.

                 The IASB has issued certain new and revised IFRSs that are first effective or available for
                 early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 1(c) provides information
                 on any changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments
                 to the extent that they are relevant to the Group for the current and prior accounting periods
                 reflected in these financial statements.

          (b)    Basis of preparation of the financial statements
                 The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 comprise the
                 Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as “the Group”).

                 The financial statements are presented in United States dollar (“US$”), rounded to the
                 nearest thousand. The directors of the Company re-evaluated the economic environment
                 of the Company and determined that the functional currency of the Company should be
                 changed from Hong Kong Dollar (“HK$”) to US$ from 1 September 2021 as a result of the
                 change in financing strategy of the Company. The directors have made an assessment of the
                 impact of the change of the functional currency of the Company and concluded that there
                 was no material effect on the results and financial position of the Group.

                 The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical
                 cost basis except that the following assets and liabilities are stated at their fair value as
                 explained in the accounting policies set out below:

                 —      the investments in debt and equity securities are stated at fair value (see note 1(f)).

                 —      share-based payments (see note 1(r)(ii)).

                 —      derivative financial liabilities (see note 1(q)).

                 Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale are stated at the lower of carrying
                 amount and fair value less costs to sell (see note 1(x)).




150 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                 Notes to the Financial Statements

                                             (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


1   Significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (b)   Basis of preparation of the financial statements (Continued)
          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to
          make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and
          reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated
          assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed
          to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the
          judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
          other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

          The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions
          to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the
          revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the
          revision affects both current and future periods.

          Judgements made by management in the application of IFRSs that have significant effects
          on the financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in
          note 2.

    (c)   Changes in accounting policies
          The Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs issued by the IASB to these
          financial statements for the current accounting period:

          •     Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16, Interest rate benchmark
                reform — phase 2

          •     Amendment to IFRS 16, Covid-19-related rent concessions beyond 30 June 2021

          None of the developments have had a material effect on how the Group’s results and
          financial position for the current or prior periods have been prepared or presented. The
          Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the
          current accounting period.

    (d)   Business combinations
          The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when the
          acquired set of activities and assets meets the definition of a business and control is
          transferred to the Group. In determining whether a particular set of activities and assets is a
          business, the Group assesses whether the set of assets and activities acquired includes, at
          a minimum, an input and substantive process and whether the acquired set has the ability to
          produce outputs.

          The Group has an option to apply a ‘concentration test’ that permits a simplified assessment
          of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. The optional
          concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is
          concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2021 151
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    1     Significant accounting policies (continued)
          (d)    Business combinations (continued)
                 The consideration transferred in the acquisition is generally measured at fair value, as are the
                 identifiable net assets acquired. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually for impairment
                 (see note1(j)(ii)). Any gain on a bargain purchase is recognised in profit or loss immediately.
                 Transaction costs are expensed as incurred, except if related to the issue of debt or equity
                 securities (see note1(f)).

                 The consideration transferred does not include amounts related to the settlement of
                 pre-existing relationships. Such amounts are generally recognised in profit or loss.

                 Any contingent consideration is measured at fair value at the date of acquisition. If an
                 obligation to pay contingent consideration that meets the definition of a financial instrument
                 is classified as equity, then it is not remeasured and settlement is accounted for within
                 equity. Otherwise, other contingent consideration is remeasured at fair value at each
                 reporting date and subsequent changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration are
                 recognised in profit or loss.

                 If share-based payment awards (replacement awards) are required to be exchanged for
                 awards held by the acquiree’s employees (acquiree’s awards), then all or a portion of the
                 amount of the acquirer’s replacement awards is included in measuring the consideration
                 transferred in the business combination. This determination is based on the market-based
                 measure of the replacement awards compared with the market-based measure of the
                 acquiree’s awards and the extent to which the replacement awards relate to pre-combination
                 service.


          (e)    Subsidiaries and non-controlling interest
                 Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is
                 exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the
                 ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When assessing whether
                 the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are
                 considered.

                 An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the financial statements from the date that
                 control commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions
                 and any unrealised profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in
                 preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group
                 transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to the extent that
                 there is no evidence of impairment.




152 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                  Notes to the Financial Statements

                                              (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


1   Significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (e)   Subsidiaries and non-controlling interest (Continued)
          Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or
          indirectly to the Company, and in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional
          terms with the holders of those interests which would result in the Group as a whole having
          a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition of a financial
          liability. For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling
          interests either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the
          subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.

          Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position
          within equity, separately from equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the
          Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are presented on the face
          of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit
          or loss and other comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and
          total comprehensive income for the year between non-controlling interests and the equity
          shareholders of the Company.

          Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are
          accounted for as equity transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of
          controlling and non-controlling interests within consolidated equity to reflect the change in
          relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss is recognised.

          When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire
          interest in that subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any
          interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair
          value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset
          (see note 1(f)).

          In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at
          cost less impairment losses (see note 1(j)), unless the investment is classified as held for sale
          (see note 1(x)).

    (f)   Investments in debt and equity securities
          The Group’s policies for investments in debt and equity securities, other than investments in
          subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, are set out below:

          Investments in debt and equity securities are recognised/derecognised on the date the
          Group commits to purchase/sell the investments. The investments are initially stated at fair
          value plus directly attributable transaction costs, except for those investments measured at
          fair value through profit or loss (FVPL) for which transaction costs are recognised directly
          in profit or loss. For an explanation of how the Group determines fair value of financial
          instruments, see note 29(e). These investments are subsequently accounted for as follows,
          depending on their classification:




                                                                                      Annual Report 2021 153
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    1     Significant accounting policies (Continued)
          (f)    Investments in debt and equity securities (Continued)
                 (i)    Investments other than equity investments
                        Non-equity investments held by the Group are classified into one of the following
                        measurement categories:

                        —     amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash
                              flows which represent solely payments of principal and interest. Interest income
                              from the investment is calculated using the effective interest method (see note
                              1(u)(iv)).

                        —     Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)-recycling, if the
                              contractual cash flows of the investment comprise solely payments of principal
                              and interest and the investment is held within a business model whose
                              objective is achieved by both the collection of contractual cash flows and sale.
                              Changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income, except
                              for the recognition in profit or loss of expected credit losses, interest income
                              (calculated using the effective interest method) and foreign exchange gains and
                              losses. When the investment is derecognised, the amount accumulated in other
                              comprehensive income is recycled from equity to profit or loss.

                        —     fair value at profit or loss (FVPL) if the investment does not meet the criteria for
                              being measured at amortised cost or FVOCI (recycling). Changes in the fair value
                              of the investment (including interest) are recognised in profit or loss.

                 (ii)   Equity investments
                        An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL unless the equity investment
                        is not held for trading purposes and on initial recognition of the investment the Group
                        makes an election to designate the investment at FVOCI (non-recycling) such that
                        subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income. Such
                        elections are made on an instrument-by-instrument basis, but may only be made if
                        the investment meets the definition of equity from the issuer’s perspective. Where
                        such election is made, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive of. At the
                        time of disposal, the amount accumulated in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) is
                        transferred to retained earnings. It is not recycled through profit or loss. Dividends
                        from an investment in equity securities, irrespective of whether classified as at FVPL or
                        FVOCI, are recognised in profit or loss as other income in accordance with the policy
                        set out in note 1(u)(iv).




154 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                 Notes to the Financial Statements

                                             (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


1	Significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (g)   Property, plant and equipment
          The following items of property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated
          depreciation and impairment losses (see note 1(j)):

          —     right-of-use assets arising from leases over freehold or leasehold properties where the
                Group is not the registered owner of the property interest; and

          —     items of plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets arising from leases of
                underlying plant and equipment (see note 1(i)).

          Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and
          equipment are determined as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the
          carrying amount of the item and are recognised in profit or loss on the date of retirement
          or disposal. Any related revaluation surplus is transferred from the revaluation reserve to
          retained profits and is not reclassified to profit or loss.

          Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment,
          less their estimated residual value, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated
          useful lives as follows:

          Office equipment, furniture and fittings                                               3–5 years

          Leasehold improvements                                               Shorter of the remain term
                                                                                  of the lease or 3 years

          Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and
          equipment are determined as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the
          carrying amount of the item and are recognised in profit or loss on the date of retirement or
          disposal.

          Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost
          or valuation of the item is allocated on a reasonable basis between the parts and each part
          is depreciated separately. Both the useful life of an asset and its residual value, if any, are
          reviewed annually.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2021 155
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    1	Significant accounting policies (Continued)
          (h)    Goodwill and intangible assets
                 (i)    Goodwill
                        Goodwill represents the excess of

                        a)    the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of
                              any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s
                              previously held equity interest in the acquiree; over

                        b)    the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as
                              at the acquisition date.

                        When b) is greater than a), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss
                        as a gain on a bargain purchase.

                        Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill arising on
                        a business combination is allocated to each cash-generating unit, or groups of cash
                        generating units, which is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination
                        and is tested annually for impairment (see note 1(j)).

                 (ii)   Intangible assets
                        Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which
                        it is incurred. Expenditure on development activities is capitalised if the product
                        or process is technically and commercially feasible and the Group has sufficient
                        resources and the intention to complete development. The expenditure capitalised
                        includes the costs of materials, direct labour, and an appropriate proportion of
                        overheads. Capitalised development costs are stated at cost less accumulated
                        amortisation and impairment losses (see note 1(j)). Other development expenditure is
                        recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

                        Other intangible assets that are acquired by the Group are stated at cost less
                        accumulated amortisation (where the estimated useful life is finite) and impairment
                        losses (see note 1(j)). Expenditure on internally generated goodwill and brands is
                        recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.




156 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                Notes to the Financial Statements

                                            (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


1	Significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (h)	Goodwill and intangible assets (Continued)
         (ii)	Intangible assets (Continued)
               Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is charged to profit or loss on
               a straight-line basis over the assets’ estimated useful lives. The following intangible
               assets with finite useful lives are amortised from the date they are available for use and
               their estimated useful lives are as follows:

               Software                                                                         1–3 years

               Royalties                                                                       2–10 years

               Trademark                                                                       7–11 years

               Developed Technology                                                             3–6 years

               Customer relationships                                                              4 years

               Incomplete contracts                                                                4 years

               Management determined the useful lives of trademark, developed technology,
               customer relationships and incomplete contracts based on (i) estimated period
               during which such asset can bring economic benefits to the Group; and (ii) the useful
               life estimated by a third party valuer with reference to the useful lives adopted by
               comparable companies in the market. Both the period and method of amortisation are
               reviewed annually.

               Intangible assets are not amortised while their useful lives are assessed to be
               indefinite. Any conclusion that the useful life of an intangible asset is indefinite is
               reviewed annually to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support
               the indefinite useful life assessment for that asset. If they do not, the change in the
               useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for prospectively from the
               date of change and in accordance with the policy for amortisation of intangible assets
               with finite lives as set out above.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2021 157
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    1     Significant accounting policies (Continued)
          (i)    Lease assets
                 At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease.
                 A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of
                 an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed
                 where the customer has both the right to direct the use of the identified asset and to obtain
                 substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.

                 (i)    As a lessee
                        Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease component(s), the
                        Group has elected not to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease
                        component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component
                        for all leases.

                        At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a
                        lease liability, except for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less
                        and leases of low-value assets which, for the Group are primarily laptops and office
                        furniture. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the
                        Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The lease
                        payments associated with those leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an
                        expense on a systematic basis over the lease term.

                        Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present
                        value of the lease payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest
                        rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant
                        incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition, the lease liability is measured at
                        amortised cost and interest expense is calculated using the effective interest method.
                        Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in
                        the measurement of the lease liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the
                        accounting period in which they are incurred.

                        The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at
                        cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments
                        made at or before the commencement date, and any initial direct costs incurred.
                        Where applicable, the cost of the right-of-use assets also includes an estimate of costs
                        to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the
                        site on which it is located, discounted to their present value, less any lease incentives
                        received. Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of right-of-use
                        asset, using the straight-line method over their lease terms. The right-of-use asset is
                        subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see
                        note 1(j)).

                        The initial fair value of refundable rental deposits is accounted for separately from
                        the right-of-use assets in accordance with the accounting policy applicable to
                        investments in debt securities carried at amortised cost(see notes 1(f)(i),1(u)(iv) and 1(j)
                        (i)). Any difference between the initial fair value and the nominal value of the deposits
                        is accounted for as additional lease payments made and is included in the cost of
                        right-of-use assets.

158 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                   Notes to the Financial Statements

                                               (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


1   Significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (i)   Lease assets (Continued)
          (i)    As a lessee (Continued)
                 The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments
                 arising from a change in an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate
                 of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or there is a
                 change arising from the reassessment of whether the Group will be reasonably certain
                 to exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is
                 remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of
                 the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right
                 of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

                 The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease
                 or the consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract
                 (“lease modification”) that is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case the
                 lease liability is remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease term using
                 a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification. The only exceptions
                 are rent concessions that occurred as a direct consequence of the COVID-19
                 pandemic and met the condition set out in paragraph 46B of IFRS 16, Leases. In
                 such cases, the Group has taken advantage of the practical expedient not to assess
                 whether the rent concessions are lease modifications and recognised the change in
                 consideration as negative variable lease payments in profit or loss in the period in
                 which the event or condition that triggers the rent concessions occurred.

                 In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term
                 lease liabilities is determined as the present value of the contractual payments that are
                 due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period.

          (ii)   As a lessor
                 When the Group is an intermediate lessor, the sub-leases are classified as a finance
                 lease or as an operating lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from
                 the head lease. If the head lease is a short-term lease to which the Group applies
                 the exemption described in note 1(i)(i), then the Group classifies the sub-lease as an
                 operating lease.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2021 159
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    1     Significant accounting policies (Continued)
          (j)    Credit losses and impairment of assets
                 (i)    Credit losses from financial instruments and lease receivables
                        The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) on the
                        financial assets measured at amortized cost (including cash and cash equivalents,
                        trade and other receivables and loans to related parties) and lease receivables.

                        Other financial assets measured at fair value, including equity and debt securities
                        measured at FVPL and derivative financial assets, are not subject to the ECL
                        assessment.

                        Measurement of ECLs
                        ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured
                        as the present value of all expected cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the
                        cash flows due to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that
                        the Group expects to receive).

                        The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using effective interest rate where the
                        effect of discounting is material:

                        —     fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other receivables: effective interest rate
                              determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof;

                        —     lease receivables: discount rate used in the measurement of the lease
                              receivable.

                        The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual
                        period over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

                        In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable
                        information that is available without undue cost or effort. This includes information
                        about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

                        ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:
                        —     12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible
                              default events within the 12 months after the reporting date; and

                        —     lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible
                              default events over the expected lives of the items to which the ECL model
                              applies.

                        Loss allowances for trade receivables are always measured at an amount equal to
                        lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix
                        based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are
                        specific to the debtors and an assessment of both the current and forecast general
                        economic conditions at the reporting date.


160 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                Notes to the Financial Statements

                                            (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


1	Significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (j)	Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
         (i)	Credit losses from financial instruments and lease receivables (Continued)
              Measurement of ECLs (Continued)
              For all other financial instruments (including loan commitments issued), the Group
              recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless there has been a
              significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial recognition, in
              which case the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

              Significant increases in credit risk
              In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly
              since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the
              financial instrument assessed at the reporting date with that assessed at the date of
              initial recognition. In making this reassessment, the Group considers that a default
              event occurs when (i) the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group
              in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as realizing security (if any is
              held); or (ii) the financial asset is three years past due. The Group considers both
              quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including
              historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue
              cost or effort.

              In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether
              credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition:

              —     failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

              —     an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external
                    or internal credit rating (if available);

              —     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the
                    debtor; and

              —     existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal
                    environment that have a significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet
                    its obligation to the Group.

              Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant
              increase in credit risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis.
              When the assessment is performed on a collective basis, the financial instruments
              are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as past due status and
              credit risk ratings.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2021 161
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    1	Significant accounting policies (Continued)
          (j)	Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
                 (i)	Credit losses from financial instruments and lease receivables (Continued)
                        Significant increases in credit risk (Continued)
                        ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial
                        instrument’s credit risk since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is
                        recognised as an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss. The Group recognises an
                        impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding adjustment to
                        their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.

                        Basis of calculation of interest income
                        Interest income recognised in accordance with note 1(u)(iv) is calculated based
                        on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is
                        credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on the amortized
                        cost (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the financial asset.

                        At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is
                        credit-impaired. A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have
                        a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have
                        occurred.

                        Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable
                        events:

                        —     significant financial difficulties of the debtor;

                        —     a breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal
                              payments;

                        —     it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter into bankruptcy or other
                              financial reorganization;

                        —     significant changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment
                              that have an adverse effect on the debtor; or

                        —     the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial
                              difficulties of the issuer.




162 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                 Notes to the Financial Statements

                                             (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


1	Significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (j)	Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
         (i)	Credit losses from financial instruments and lease receivables (Continued)
                Write-off policy
                The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full)
                to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case
                when the asset becomes 1,080 days past due or when the Group determines that the
                debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash
                flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

                Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a
                reversal of impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.

         (ii)   Impairment of other non-current assets
                Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting
                period to identify indications that the following assets may be impaired or, except in
                the case of goodwill, an impairment loss previously recognised no longer exists or may
                have decreased:

                —     property, plant and equipment including right-of-use assets;

                —     intangible assets;

                —     goodwill; and

                —     investments in subsidiaries in the Company’s statement of financial position

                If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In addition,
                for goodwill, the recoverable amount is estimated annually whether or not there is any
                indication of impairment.

                —     Calculation of recoverable amount
                      The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of
                      disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash
                      flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
                      reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
                      specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely
                      independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined
                      for the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e.
                      a cash-generating unit). A portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset
                      (for example, head office building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating
                      unit if the allocation can be done on a reasonable and consistent basis, or to the
                      smallest group of cash-generating units if otherwise.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2021 163
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    1	Significant accounting policies (Continued)
          (j)	Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
                 (ii)	Impairment of other non-current assets (Continued)
                         —     Recognition of impairment losses
                               An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an
                               asset, or the cash-generating unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable
                               amount. Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are
                               allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the
                               cash-generating unit (or group of units) and then, to reduce the carrying amount
                               of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that
                               the carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value
                               less costs of disposal (if measurable) or value in use (if determinable).

                         —     Reversals of impairment losses
                               In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment loss is reversed if
                               there has been a favourable change in the estimates used to determine the
                               recoverable amount. An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

                               A reversal of impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would
                               have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised in prior periods.
                               Reversals of impairment losses are credited to profit or loss in the period in
                               which the reversals are recognised.

                 (iii)   Interim financial reporting and impairment
                         Under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of
                         Hong Kong Limited, the Group is required to prepare an interim financial report in
                         compliance with IAS 34, Interim financial reporting, in respect of the first six months
                         of the financial year. At the end of the interim period, the Group applies the same
                         impairment testing, recognition, and reversal criteria as it would at the end of the
                         financial year (see notes 1(j)(i) and (ii)).

                         Impairment losses recognised in an interim period in respect of goodwill are not
                         reversed in a subsequent period. This is the case even if no loss, or a smaller loss,
                         would have been recognised had the impairment been assessed only at the end of the
                         financial year to which the interim period relates.




164 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                 Notes to the Financial Statements

                                             (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


1	Significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (k)   Contract costs
          Contract costs are either the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer or
          the costs to fulfil a contract with a customer which are not capitalised as inventory, property,
          plant and equipment (see note 1(g)) or intangible assets (see note 1(h)).

          Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain
          a contract with a customer that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been
          obtained e.g. an incremental sales commission. Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are
          capitalised when incurred if the costs relate to revenue which will be recognised in a future
          reporting period and the costs are expected to be recovered. Other costs of obtaining a
          contract are expensed when incurred.

          Costs to fulfil a contract are capitalised if the costs relate directly to an existing contract
          or to a specifically identifiable anticipated contract; generate or enhance resources that
          will be used to provide goods or services in the future; and are expected to be recovered.
          Costs that relate directly to an existing contract or to a specifically identifiable anticipated
          contract may include direct labour, direct materials, allocations of costs, costs that are
          explicitly chargeable to the customer and other costs that are incurred only because the
          Group entered into the contract (for example, payments to sub-contractors). Other costs of
          fulfilling a contract, which are not capitalised as inventory, property, plant and equipment or
          intangible assets, are expensed as incurred.

          Capitalised contract costs are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment
          losses. Impairment losses are recognised to the extent that the carrying amount of the
          contract cost asset exceeds the net of (i) remaining amount of consideration that the Group
          expects to receive in exchange for the goods or services to which the asset relates, less (ii)
          any costs that relate directly to providing those goods or services that have not yet been
          recognised as expenses.

          Amortisation of capitalised contract costs is charged to profit or loss when the revenue to
          which the asset relates is recognised. The accounting policy for revenue recognition is set
          out in note 1(u).

    (l)   Trade and other receivables
          A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive
          consideration. A right to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is
          required before payment of that consideration is due.

          Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured
          at their transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component
          and other receivables are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs. All
          receivables are subsequently stated at amortised cost, using the effective interest method
          and including an allowance for credit losses (see note 1(j)(i)).




                                                                                     Annual Report 2021 165
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    1	Significant accounting policies (Continued)
          (m)    Cash and cash equivalents
                 Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with
                 banks and other financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are
                 readily convertible into known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk
                 of changes in value, having been within three months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and
                 cash equivalents are assessed for expected credit losses (ECL) in accordance with the policy
                 set out in note 1(j)(i).

          (n)    Trade and other payables
                 Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequent to initial
                 recognition, trade and other payables are stated at amortised cost unless the effect of
                 discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at invoice amounts.

          (o)    Interest-bearing borrowings
                 Interest-bearing borrowings are recognised initially at fair value less transaction costs.
                 Subsequent to initial recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are stated at amortised cost
                 with any difference between the amount initially recognised and redemption value being
                 recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings, together with any interest and
                 fees payable, using the effective interest method.

          (p)    Convertible bonds
                 Convertible bonds that can be converted into ordinary shares at the option of the holder,
                 where the number of shares to be issued is not fixed, are accounted for as compound
                 derivative financial instruments.

                 At initial recognition the derivative component of the convertible bonds is measured at fair
                 value and presented as part of derivative financial instruments. Any excess of proceeds over
                 the amount initially recognised as the derivative component is recognised as the host liability
                 component. Transaction costs that relate to the issue of the convertible note are allocated
                 to the host liability and derivative components in proportion to the allocation of proceeds.
                 The portion of the transaction costs relating to the host liability component is recognised
                 initially as part of the liability. The portion relating to the derivative component is recognised
                 immediately in profit or loss.

                 The derivative component is subsequently remeasured at fair value. The host liability
                 component is subsequently carried at amortised cost. Interest expense recognised in profit
                 or loss on the host liability component is calculated using the effective interest method.

                 If the bonds are converted, the shares issued are measured at fair value and any difference
                 between the fair value of shares issued and the carrying amounts of the derivative and
                 liability components are recognised in profit or loss. If the bonds are redeemed, any
                 difference between the amount paid and the carrying amounts of both components is
                 recognised in profit or loss.




166 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                  Notes to the Financial Statements

                                              (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


1	Significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (q)   Derivative financial instruments
          Derivative financial instruments are recognised at fair value. At the end of each reporting
          period the fair value is remeasured. The gain or loss on remeasurement to fair value is
          recognised immediately in profit or loss.

    (r)   Employee benefits
          (i)     Short-term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution
                  retirement plans
                  Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution
                  retirement plans and the cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the period
                  in which the associated services are rendered by employees. Where payment or
                  settlement is deferred and the effect would be material, these amounts are stated at
                  their present values.

          (ii)    Share-based payments
                  The fair value of shares granted to employees is recognised as an employee cost with
                  a corresponding increase in a capital reserve within equity. The fair value is measured
                  at grant date using the binomial lattice model, taking into account the terms and
                  conditions (including lock up period) upon which the shares were granted. Where the
                  employees have to meet vesting conditions before becoming unconditionally entitled
                  to the shares, the total estimated fair value of the shares is spread over the vesting
                  period, taking into account the probability that the shares will vest.

                  During the vesting period, the number of shares that is expected to vest is reviewed.
                  Any resulting adjustment to the cumulative fair value recognised in prior years is
                  charged/credited to the profit or loss for the year of the review. On vesting date, the
                  amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of shares
                  that vest (with a corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve). The equity amount
                  is recognised in the capital reserve until either the option is exercised (when it is
                  included in the amount recognised in share capital for the shares issued) or the option
                  expires (when it is released directly to retained profits).

          (iii)   Termination benefits
                  Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the group can no longer
                  withdraw the offer of those benefits and when it recognises restructuring costs
                  involving the payment of termination benefits.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2021 167
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    1	Significant accounting policies (Continued)
          (s)    Income tax
                 Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and
                 liabilities. Current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in
                 profit or loss except to the extent that they relate to items recognised in other comprehensive
                 income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant amounts of tax are recognised in
                 other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

                 Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates
                 enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period.

                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences
                 respectively, being the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
                 financial reporting purposes and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from unused
                 tax losses and unused tax credits.

                 Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets
                 to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the
                 asset can be utilised, are recognised. Future taxable profits that may support the recognition
                 of deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences include those that will
                 arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, provided those differences
                 relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to
                 reverse either in the same period as the expected reversal of the deductible temporary
                 difference or in periods into which a tax loss arising from the deferred tax asset can be
                 carried back or forward. The same criteria are adopted when determining whether existing
                 taxable temporary differences support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from
                 unused tax losses and credits, that is, those differences are taken into account if they relate
                 to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse in a
                 period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit can be utilised.

                 The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those
                 temporary differences arising from goodwill not deductible for tax purposes, the initial
                 recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit (provided
                 they are not part of a business combination), and temporary differences relating to
                 investments in subsidiaries to the extent that, in the case of taxable differences, the Group
                 controls the timing of the reversal and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the
                 foreseeable future, or in the case of deductible differences, unless it is probable that they will
                 reverse in the future.

                 The amount of deferred tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of
                 realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates
                 enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax assets and
                 liabilities are not discounted.

                 The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period
                 and is reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be
                 available to allow the related tax benefit to be utilised. Any such reduction is reversed to the
                 extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available.

168 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                  Notes to the Financial Statements

                                              (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


1   Significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (s)   Income tax (Continued)
          Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented
          separately from each other and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current
          tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against deferred tax liabilities, if the Company or the
          Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
          liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:

          —     in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Company or the Group
                intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability
                simultaneously; or

          —     in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by
                the same taxation authority on either:

                —     the same taxable entity; or

                —     different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant
                      amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or
                      recovered, intend to realize the current tax assets and settle the current tax
                      liabilities on a net basis or realize and settle simultaneously.

    (t)   Provisions and contingent liabilities
          Provisions are recognised for other liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group
          or the Company has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it
          is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and
          a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is material, provisions are
          stated at the present value of the expenditure expected to settle the obligation.

          Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount
          cannot be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the
          probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence
          will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events are
          also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits
          is remote.

          Where some or all of the expenditure required to settle a provision is expected to be
          reimbursed by another party, a separate asset is recognised for any expected reimbursement
          that would be virtually certain. The amount recognised for the reimbursement is limited to the
          carrying amount of the provision.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2021 169
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    1	Significant accounting policies (Continued)
          (u)    Revenue recognition
                 Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer
                 and excludes amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue is recognised when
                 control over service is transferred to the customer.

                 The following is a description of principal activities from which the Group generates its
                 revenue.

                 (i)    Revenue from mobile advertising services
                        Mobile advertising services revenues primarily include revenues from provisions of
                        mobile advertising services by the Group. The Group utilizes a combination of pricing
                        models and revenue is recognised when the related services are delivered based on
                        the specific terms of the contract, which are commonly based on:

                        a)    specified actions (i.e. cost per action (“CPA”) or other preferences agreed with
                              advertisers), or

                        b)    agreed rebates to be earned from certain publishers.

                        Specified actions
                        Revenue is recognised on a CPA basis once agreed actions (download, activation,
                        registration and etc.) are performed. While none of the factors individually are
                        considered presumptive or determinative, because the Group is the primary obligor
                        and are responsible for (1) identifying and contracting with third-party advertisers
                        which the Group views as customers; (2) identifying mobile publishers to provide
                        mobile spaces where the Group views the mobile publishers as suppliers; (3)
                        establishing the selling prices of CPA pricing model; (4) performing all billing and
                        collection activities, including retaining credit risk; and (5) bearing sole responsibility for
                        fulfilment of the advertising, the Group acts as the principal of these arrangements and
                        therefore recognised revenue earned and costs incurred related to these transactions
                        on a gross basis.

                        Agreed rebates to be earned from certain publishers
                        In the arrangement with certain publishers, the Group acts as a sales agent for
                        these publishers by signing up accounts and prepaying data usage fees for clients
                        at the platforms of these publishers. In return, the Group earns incentives from
                        these publishers based on contractually stipulated amounts once certain spending
                        thresholds are achieved. The Group considers these particular publishers as
                        customers and records such incentives as net revenues. Incentives from these
                        publishers are calculated on a quarterly or an annual basis in accordance with the
                        terms as agreed in arrangements.




170 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                  Notes to the Financial Statements

                                              (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


1	Significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (u)	Revenue recognition (Continued)
         (ii)    Revenue from other marketing technology services
                 Other marketing technology services revenues primarily include (1) revenues from
                 subscriptions of the Group’s data analytics platform; (2) provisions of customized data
                 analytical services and data pipeline services; (3) providing customers with various
                 SaaS platforms; and (4) providing developers with data neutrality, algorithm science
                 related services.

                 The Group provides certain subscription packages to users which entitle paying
                 subscribers access right to an online, interactive benchmarks explorer tool that is
                 owned, operated and maintained by one of the Group’s subsidiaries, and contains
                 data and insights collected or generated by that subsidiary of the Group in accordance
                 with any applicable privacy and data protection law within certain time periods. The
                 subscriptions service is provided on a subscription basis, and subscription fee is
                 charged to customers. Revenue generated from subscription fees is recognized over
                 the subscription period on a straight-line basis.

                 The revenue from provisions of customized data analytical services and data pipeline
                 services are recognised at the point in time when the relevant services are rendered.

                 The Group develops and sells customised software. Revenue is recognised when
                 control over the customised software has been transferred to the customer.

                 The Group authorizes customers to use the Group’s SaaS platforms. The service fees
                 are recognised as revenue evenly over the service period.

         (iii)   Revenue from cloud related products and services
                 Cloud related products and services revenues include (1) managed cloud services
                 where the Group offers direct connection to major cloud platform with accounts
                 opening and management services, and where required, the resale of public cloud
                 services; and (2) provision of license right to cloud related software or mobile
                 applications developed by the Group, and where required, installation and consultation
                 services related to the software.

                 The Group provides services, resale of public cloud services and provision of license
                 right to its software and mobile applications separately, which is a single performance
                 obligation for each contract. Revenue is recognised at a point in time when such
                 services, software and mobile applications are delivered to or downloaded by the
                 users as designated in the contract.

                 Revenue is generally recognised on a gross basis as the Group is primarily responsible
                 for fulfilling the contract, assumes inventory risk and has discretion in establishing the
                 price when selling to the customer. To the extent the Group does not meet the criteria
                 for recognizing revenue on a gross basis, the Company records the revenue on a net
                 basis.



                                                                                      Annual Report 2021 171
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    1	Significant accounting policies (Continued)
          (u)	Revenue recognition (Continued)
                 (iv)   Interest income
                        Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method.
                        For financial assets measured at amortised cost or FVOCI (recycling) that are not
                        credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying amount of
                        the asset. For credit-impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied to
                        the amortised cost (i.e. gross carrying amount net of loss allowance) of the asset (see
                        note 1(j)(i)).

                 (v)    Government grants
                        Government grants are recognised in the statement of financial position initially when
                        there is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply
                        with the conditions attaching to them. Grants that compensate the Group for expenses
                        incurred are recognised as income in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same
                        periods in which the expenses are incurred. Grants that compensate the Group for the
                        cost of an asset are deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and consequently
                        are effectively recognised in profit or loss over the useful life of the asset by way of
                        reduced depreciation expense.

                 (vi)   Dividends
                        —     Dividend income from unlisted investments is recognised when the shareholder’s
                              right to receive payments is established.

                        —     Dividend income from listed investments is recognised when the share price of
                              the investment goes ex-dividend.

          (v)    Translation of foreign currencies
                 The change in functional currency of the Company was applied prospectively from the
                 date of change. All items were translated into US$ at the exchange rate on that date. The
                 cumulative currency translation differences which had arisen from the translation of foreign
                 operations up to the date of the change in functional currency will not reclassified from equity
                 to profit or loss until the disposal of the relevant operations.

                 Foreign currency transactions during the period are translated at the foreign exchange
                 rates ruling at the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
                 currencies are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting
                 period. Exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss.

                 Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign
                 currency are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transactions dates.
                 The transaction date is the date on which the Group initially recognises such non-monetary
                 assets or liabilities. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
                 that are stated at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates
                 the fair value was measured.



172 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                   Notes to the Financial Statements

                                               (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


1	Significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (v)	Translation of foreign currencies (Continued)
          The results of foreign operations are translated into United States dollar at the average
          exchange rates for the period which approximating the foreign exchange rates ruling at the
          dates of the transactions. Statement of financial position items are translated into United
          States dollar at the closing foreign exchange rates at the end of the reporting period.
          The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and
          accumulated separately in equity in the exchange reserve.

    (w)   Borrowing costs
          Borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

    (x)   Disposal group held-for-sale
          Disposal group is classified as held for sale if it is highly probable that its carrying amount will
          be recovered through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use and the asset (or
          disposal group) is available for sale in its present condition. A disposal group is a group of
          assets to be disposed of together as a group in a single transaction, and liabilities held for
          sale that will be transferred in the transaction.

          When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving loss of control of a subsidiary, all the
          assets and liabilities of that subsidiary are classified as held for sale when the above criteria
          for classification as held for sale are met, regardless of whether the Group will retain a
          non-controlling interest in the subsidiary after the sale.

          Immediately before classification as held for sale, the measurement of the non-current
          assets (and all individual assets and liabilities in a disposal group) is brought up-to-date
          in accordance with the accounting policies before the classification. Then, on initial
          classification as held for sale and until disposal, the non-current assets (except for certain
          assets as explained below), or disposal groups, are recognised at the lower of their carrying
          amount and fair value less costs to sell. The principal exceptions to this measurement policy
          so far as the financial statements of the Group and the Company are concerned are deferred
          tax assets, assets arising from employee benefits, financial assets (other than investments in
          subsidiaries) and investment properties. These assets, even if held for sale, would continue
          to be measured in accordance with the policies set out elsewhere in note 1.

          Impairment losses on initial classification as held for sale, and on subsequent remeasurement
          while held for sale, are recognised in profit or loss. As long as a non-current asset is
          classified as held for sale, or is included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale,
          the non-current asset is not depreciated or amortised.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2021 173
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    1	Significant accounting policies (Continued)
          (y)    Related parties
                 (i)    A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that
                        person:

                        (1)   has control or joint control over the Group;

                        (2)   has significant influence over the Group; or

                        (3)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s
                              parent.

                 (ii)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                        (1)   The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that
                              each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                        (2)   One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or
                              joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).

                        (3)   Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                        (4)   One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate
                              of the third entity.

                        (5)   The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of
                              either the Group or an entity related to the Group.

                        (6)   The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (i).

                        (7)   A person identified in (i) (1) has significant influence over the entity or is a
                              member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the
                              entity).

                        (8)   The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key
                              management personnel services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

                        Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be
                        expected to influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.




174 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                 Notes to the Financial Statements

                                             (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


1	Significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (z)   Segment reporting
          Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial
          statements, are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s
          most senior executive management for the purposes of allocating resources to, and
          assessing the performance of the Group’s various lines of business and geographical
          locations.

          Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes
          unless the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the
          nature of products and services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of
          customers, the methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the
          nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not individually material
          may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

2   Accounting judgements and estimates
    Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and
    other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the
    circumstances.

    The selection of critical accounting policies, the judgements and other uncertainties affecting
    application of those policies and the sensitivity of reported results to changes in condition and
    assumptions are factors to be considered when reviewing the financial statements. The principal
    accounting policies are set forth in note 1. The Group believes the following critical accounting
    policies involve the most significant judgements and estimates used in the preparation of the
    financial statements.

    (a)   Principal versus agent considerations — revenue from provision of mobile
          advertising services
          In determining whether the Group is acting as a principal or as an agent in the provision
          of mobile advertising services requires judgements and considerations of all relevant facts
          and circumstances. The Group is a principal in a transaction if the Group obtains control
          of services provided before they are transferred to customers. If control is unclear, when
          the Group is primarily obligated in a transaction, and has latitude in establishing prices
          and selecting publishers, or has several but not all of these indicators, the Group records
          revenues on a gross basis. Otherwise, the Group records the net amount earned as
          commissions from services provided.

    (b)   Impairment of trade receivables
          The Group estimates the loss allowances for trade receivables by assessing the ECLs.
          This requires the use of estimates and judgements. ECLs are based on the Group’s
          historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, and
          an assessment of both the current and forecast general economic conditions at the end of
          reporting period. Where the estimation is different from the original estimate, such difference
          will affect the carrying amounts of trade receivables and thus the impairment loss in the
          period in which such estimate is changed. The Group keeps assessing the expected credit
          loss of trade receivables during their expected lives.

                                                                                     Annual Report 2021 175
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    2	Accounting judgements and estimates (Continued)
          (c)    Impairment of goodwill
                 Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the value in use of the
                 cash-generating units to which goodwill has been allocated. The value-in-use calculation
                 requires management to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the cash
                 generating units and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value.

          (d)    Income taxes
                 The Group is subject to income taxes in different jurisdictions. Significant judgement
                 is required in determining the worldwide provision for income taxes. There are many
                 transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The
                 Group recognised liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on estimates of whether
                 additional taxes will be due. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from
                 the amounts that were initially recorded, such difference will impact the actual current and
                 deferred income tax in the period in which such determination is made.

                 In addition, deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that
                 future taxable profit will be available against which the assets can be utilised. Significant
                 management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can
                 be recognised upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits of the individual
                 entities together with the tax planning strategies.

          (e)    Purchase price allocation
                 For the business combinations undertaken by the Group, the Group allocates the costs of
                 the acquisition to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their estimated
                 fair value on the date of acquisition. This process is commonly referred to as the purchase
                 price allocation. The Group is required to determine the fair value of any identifiable intangible
                 assets acquired. The determination of the fair value of the intangible assets acquired involves
                 certain judgement and estimates. These judgements can include, but are not limited to,
                 the cash flows that the intangible assets are expected to generate in the future. A change
                 in the amount allocated to identifiable intangible assets would have an offsetting effect on
                 the amount of goodwill recognised from the acquisition and would change the amount of
                 amortisation expense recognised related to those identifiable intangible assets.




176 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                 Notes to the Financial Statements

                                             (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


3   Revenue and Segment Reporting
    (a)   Revenue
          The principal services of the Group are the provisions of mobile advertising related services,
          other marketing technology related services and cloud related products and services. Further
          details regarding the Group’s principal activities are disclosed in note 3(b).

          (i)   Disaggregation of revenue
                The disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by service lines is as
                follows:

                                                                                2021                2020
                                                                             US$’000             US$’000

                Revenue from mobile advertising related
                  services                                                   752,673             515,457
                Revenue from other marketing technology
                  related products and services                                 2,424                 560
                Revenue from cloud related products and
                  services                                                        315                 131

                                                                             755,412             516,148

                Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by the timing of revenue
                recognition and by geographic markets is disclosed in notes 3(b)(i) and 3(c)
                respectively.

                The Group’s customer base is diversified. During the year ended 31 December 2021,
                one single customer contributed to 10% or more of the Group’s revenue (2020: Nil).
                Details of concentrations of credit risk arising from these customers are set out in note
                29(a).




                                                                                     Annual Report 2021 177
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    3	Revenue and Segment Reporting (Continued)
          (a)	Revenue (Continued)
                 (ii)   Revenue expected to be recognised in the future arising from contracts with
                        customers in existence at the reporting date
                        As at 31 December 2021, the aggregated amount of the transaction price allocated
                        to the remaining performance obligations under the Group’s existing contracts is
                        US$259,000 (2020: US$190,000).This amount represents revenue expected to be
                        recognised in the future upon expiration of the subscription periods to the Group’s
                        data analytics platform. The Group will recognise the expected revenue in future as
                        the expiring of subscription periods, which is expected to occur over the next 1 to 12
                        months (2020: 1 to 12 months).

          (b)    Segment reporting
                 The Group manages its businesses by divisions, which are organised by a mixture of both
                 by service lines and geography. In a manner consistent with the way in which information
                 is reported internally to the Group’s most senior executive management for the purpose of
                 resource allocation and performance assessment, the Group has presented the following
                 three reportable segments. No operating segments have been aggregated to form the
                 following reportable segments.

                 •      Mobile marketing business: this segment provides its customers globally with mobile
                        advertising services through a similar Software-as-a-Service (“SaaS”) programmatic
                        advertising platform, top media and affiliate ad-serving platform.

                 •      Other marketing technology business: this segment provides its customers globally
                        with mobile application data analytics service through SaaS platforms of the Group;
                        develops and sells customised data analytics software; and authorizes customers to
                        use the Group’s SaaS platforms.

                 •      Cloud business: this segment provides its customers with Cloud-native technology
                        services, which include deployment and optimizing services of cloud infrastructures
                        and implementation service of cloud computing engine and big data computing
                        framework.




178 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                       Notes to the Financial Statements

                                                (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


3	Revenue and Segment Reporting (Continued)
    (b)	Segment reporting (Continued)
         (i)   Segment results
               For the purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources
               between segments, the Group’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) monitors
               the results attributable to each reportable segment on the following bases:

               Revenue and expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to
               sales generated by those segments and the expenses incurred by those segments or
               which otherwise arise from the depreciation or amortisation of assets attributable to
               those segments.

               The CODM assesses the performance of the operating segments mainly based on
               segment revenue and segment gross profit. The revenues from external customers
               reported to CODM are measured as segment revenue, which are the revenue derived
               from the customers in each segment. The segment gross profit is calculated as
               segment revenue minus segment cost of sales. This is the measure reported to the
               Group’s most senior executive management.

               Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by the timing of revenue
               recognition, as well as information regarding the Group’s reportable segments
               as provided to the Group’s CODM for the purposes of resource allocation and
               assessment of segment performance for the years ended 31 December 2021 and
               2020 is set out below:

                                     Mobile marketing       Other marketing
                                        business          technology business    Cloud business            Total
                                       2021       2020       2021       2020       2021       2020      2021      2020
                                    US$’000    US$’000    US$’000    US$’000    US$’000    US$’000   US$’000   US$’000

               Disaggregated by
                timing of revenue
                recognition
               Point in time        752,673    515,457      1,880       424           8       131    754,561   516,012
               Over time                 —          —         544       136         307        —         851       136

               Reportable segment
                revenue             752,673    515,457      2,424       560         315       131    755,412   516,148
               Reportable segment
                costs               (632,955) (433,978)      (500)       (13)       (35)       (17) (633,490) (434,008)


               Gross profit         119,718     81,479      1,924       547         280       114    121,922       82,140

               The Group’s CODM makes decision according to gross profit of each segment.
               Therefore, only above segment results are presented.



                                                                                               Annual Report 2021 179
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    3	Revenue and Segment Reporting (Continued)
          (b)	Segment reporting (Continued)
                 (ii)     Segment assets and liabilities
                          No segment assets and liabilities information are provided as no such information is
                          regularly provided to CODM of the Group on making decision for resources allocation
                          and performance assessment.

          (c)    Geographic information
                 The following table sets out information about the geographical location of the Group’s
                 revenue from external customers. The geographical location of customers is based on the
                 location of the customers’ headquarters.

                                                                                                   Revenue from
                                                                                                 external customers
                                                                                                    2021                2020
                                                                                                 US$’000             US$’000

                 China (note (i))                                                                 266,276            171,591
                 EMEA (note (ii)) and Americas (note (iii))                                       330,492            262,483
                 Asia-Pacific (note (iv))                                                         146,236             77,361
                 Others                                                                            12,408              4,713

                                                                                                  755,412            516,148

                 Notes:

                 (i)      Includes Mainland China, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of PRC, the Macau Special
                          Administrative Region of the PRC, and Chinese Taiwan.

                 (ii)     Primarily includes the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Germany, Russia, Greece, Iceland, Saudi Arabia,
                          Jordan, Egypt, Iraq, Turkey.

                 (iii)    Primarily includes United States, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, Chile and Colombia.

                 (iv)     Primarily includes Australia, New Zealand and other Asian countries excluding China.




180 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                        Notes to the Financial Statements

                                                   (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


4   Other net income

                                                                                       2021                 2020
                                                                                    US$’000              US$’000

    Interest income on financial assets measured at
      amortised cost                                                                    5,742                2,429
    Net fair value loss on financial assets at fair value through
      profit or loss                                                                   (1,004)                (991)
    Net foreign exchange (loss)/gain                                                      (45)               3,369
    Government grants (note)                                                            1,336                  619
    Net (loss)/gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                           (2)                  18
    Net gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                                  452                   —
    Others                                                                              2,793                  376

                                                                                        9,272                5,820

    Note:   Government grant represented unconditional cash subsidies received by certain PRC subsidiaries from local
            government for the Group’s achievement during the year ended 31 December 2021 and 2020. There are no
            unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to such government grants income recognised.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2021 181
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    5     Loss before taxation
          Loss before taxation is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                 2021       2020
                                                                      Note    US$’000    US$’000


          (a)    Finance costs


                 Interests on bank loans                                        1,768      1,533
                 Interests on lease liabilities                                   423        364
                 Interest on convertible bonds                                  2,188         —


                                                                                4,379      1,897


          (b)    Staff costs


                 Contributions to defined contribution
                   retirement plans                                             2,847        221
                 Share-based compensation expenses                              5,836     13,194
                 Salaries, wages and other benefits                            34,852     36,768


                                                                               43,535     50,183


          (c)    Other items


                 Depreciation charge
                   — property, plant and equipment                     10         325        440
                   — right-of-use assets                               10       4,378      4,122
                 Amortisation of intangible assets                     11      24,346      8,010
                 Impairment losses
                   — trade receivables                                29(a)    (8,190)     5,555
                 Auditors’ remuneration                                           816        580




182 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                              Notes to the Financial Statements

                                                      (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


6   Income tax in the consolidated statements of profit or loss
    (a)   Income tax in the consolidated statements of profit or loss represents:
                                                                                              2021                     2020
                                                                                           US$’000                  US$’000

          Current tax                                                                            855                   2,150
          Deferred tax                                                                        (6,805)                 (4,054)

                                                                                              (5,950)                 (1,904)

          Notes:

          (i)      Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands, the BVI and Seychelles, the Group is not
                   subject to any income tax in the Cayman Islands, the BVI and Seychelles.

          (ii)     Adlogic Technology Pte. Ltd., a subsidiary in Singapore, is subject to the prevailing corporate income tax
                   rate of 17% in Singapore. The provision for Singapore Profit Tax for 2021 is taken into account a reduction
                   granted by the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore of 75% of the tax payable subject to a maximum
                   reduction of Singapore Dollar (“S$”) 10,000 (2020: S$10,000 for the year of assessment 2021–2022) and
                   50% of the tax payable subject to a maximum reduction of S$190,000 (2020: S$190,000 for the year of
                   assessment 2021–2022) for the year of assessment 2022-2023.

          (iii)    USCore, Inc. and GT Inc, subsidiaries in the United States, are subject to federal income tax rate of 21% in
                   the United States for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, according to the U.S.
                   Tax Cuts and Jobs Acts effective on 1 January 2018. In addition, USCore, Inc. is subject to taxation in
                   various states of the United States. nativeX, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of USCore, Inc., is treated as a
                   disregarded entity for income tax purpose and its income or loss are included in the income tax calculation
                   of USCore, Inc..

          (iv)     The Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) rate applicable to the subsidiaries registered in the PRC is 25% for the
                   year, except for Guangzhou Huiliang Information Technology Company Limited, Beijing Reyun Technology
                   Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Reyun”), and Beijing Qiuqiu Quwan Technology Co., Ltd, which are accredited as a
                   “high and new technology enterprise” and applicable for a preferential enterprise income tax rate of 15%
                   commencing from 2017 to 2021, 2017 to 2021, 2020 to 2021 respectively.

          (v)      The EIT rate applicable to the subsidiaries registered in the Hong Kong is 16.5% for the year.

          (vi)     According to the relevant laws and regulations promulgated by the State Tax Bureau of the PRC that
                   was effective from 2017 onwards, PRC subsidiaries of the Group engaging in research and development
                   activities are entitled to claim 175% for the three years ended 31 December 2021 of their research and
                   development expenses so incurred as tax deductible expenses when determining their assessable profits for
                   each year (“Super Deduction”). The Group has made its best estimate for Super Deduction to be claimed
                   for the Group’s entities in ascertaining their assessable profits during the year.

          (vii)    The PRC EIT Law and its implementation rules impose a withholding tax at 10%, unless reduced by a tax
                   treaty or arrangement, for dividends distributed by PRC-resident enterprises to their non-PRC-resident
                   corporate investors for profits earned since 1 January 2008. Under the Sino-Hong Kong Double Tax
                   Arrangement, a Hong Kong subsidiary of the Group is entitled to a reduced withholding tax rate of 5% if it is
                   the “beneficial owner” and holds more than 25% of the equity interest of its PRC enterprise directly.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2021 183
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    6     Income tax in the consolidated statements of profit or loss (Continued)
          (b)     Reconciliation between income tax credit and accounting loss at applicable
                  tax rates:
                                                                                                  2021                     2020
                                                                                               US$’000                  US$’000

                  Loss before taxation                                                             (30,714)              (7,110)

                  Notional tax on loss before taxation, calculated at the
                    rates applicable to loss in the countries concerned                             (4,600)              (1,966)
                  Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                 82                  278
                  Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                     (27)                (299)
                  Tax effect of un-recognised tax loss in current year                                 667                  525
                  Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax loss                                     (229)                  —
                  Tax concession                                                                       (11)                (162)
                  Super Deduction of research and development
                    expenses                                                                        (1,593)                 (634)
                  Others                                                                              (239)                  354

                  Actual tax credit                                                                 (5,950)              (1,904)

    7     Directors’ emoluments
          Directors’ emoluments are disclosed as follows:

                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2021
                                                     Salaries,
                                                  allowances
                                                    and other Retirement
                                      Directors       benefits      scheme Discretionary                  Share-based
          Directors                        fees        in kind contributions    bonuses     Sub-Total       payments        Total
                                       US$’000        US$’000       US$’000     US$’000      US$’000          US$’000     US$’000

          Executive directors
          Duan Wei                           9            3             2             —              14            —           14
          Cao Xiaohuan                       —           88             7             3              98            —           98
          Fang Zikai                         —          142            10             4             156            31         187
          Song Xiaofei                       —          178             8             6             192           134         326

          Non-executive director
          Wong Tak-Wai (note i)              —            —             —             —              —             —           —

          Independent non-executive
             directors
          Ying Lei                          35            —             —             —              35            —           35
          Hu Jie                            35            —             —             —              35            —           35
          Sun Hongbin (note ii)             35            —             —             —              35            —           35

                                           114          411            27            13             565           165         730




184 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                               Notes to the Financial Statements

                                                       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


7   Directors’ emoluments (Continued)
                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                  Salaries,
                                               allowances
                                                and other     Retirement
                                   Directors       benefits      scheme Discretionary                Share-based
    Directors                           fees        in kind contributions   bonuses     Sub-Total      payments        Total
                                   US$’000        US$’000       US$’000     US$’000      US$’000        US$’000     US$’000

    Executive directors
    Duan Wei                             —            11             1             —            12           —           12
    Cao Xiaohuan                         —            96             3             —            99           —           99
    Fang Zikai                           —           120             2             —           122          494         616

    Independent non-executive
       directors
    Ying Lei                             20           —             —              —            20            —          20
    Hu Jie                               20           —             —              —            20            —          20
    Sun Hongbin (note ii)                13           —             —              —            13            —          13
    Wang Jianxin (note iii)               7           —             —              —             7            —           7

                                         60          227             6             —           293          494         787

    Notes:

    i.       Mr. Wong Tak-Wai was appointed as a non-executive director of the Group on 19 February 2021.

    ii.      Mr. Sun Hongbin was appointed as an independent non-executive director on 7 July 2020.

    iii.     Mr. Wang Jianxin resigned from his position as an independent non-executive director on 7 July 2020.


    All the executive directors are key management personnel of the Group during the year and their
    remuneration disclosed above include those for services rendered by them as key management
    personnel. During the year, there were no amounts paid or payable by the Group to the directors
    or any of the highest paid individuals set out in note 8 below as an inducement to join or upon
    joining the Group or as a compensation for loss of office. There was no arrangement under which a
    director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2021 185
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    8     Individual with highest emoluments
          Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, one of them is the director for the year ended
          31 December 2021 (2020: nil), whose emoluments are disclosed in note 7 above. The aggregate of
          the emoluments in respect of the remaining individuals are as follows:

                                                                                   2021               2020
                                                                                US$’000            US$’000

          Salaries and other emoluments                                            1,152              1,306
          Discretionary bonuses                                                       38                 68
          Share-based compensation                                                 2,037              2,807
          Retirement scheme contributions                                             51                 24

                                                                                   3,278              4,205

          The emoluments of the above individuals with the highest emoluments for the year ended 31
          December 2021, respectively are within the following band:

                                                                                    2021              2020

          HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                1                  —
          HK$4,500,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                —                  1
          HK$5,000,001 to HK$5,500,000                                                —                  1
          HK$5,500,001 to HK$6,000,000                                                —                  1
          HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                1                  —
          HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000                                                1                  1
          HK$8,500,001 to HK$9,000,000                                                1                  —
          HK$9,500,001 to HK$10,000,000                                               —                  1




186 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                           Notes to the Financial Statements

                                                    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


9   Loss per share
    (a)   Basic loss per share
          The calculation of basic loss per share is based on the loss attributable to equity
          shareholders of the Company of US$24,958,000 (2020: loss of US$5,206,000) and the
          weighted average of 1,568,526,930 shares (2020: 1,505,258,184 shares) in issue during the
          year, calculated as follows:

          Weighted average number of ordinary shares
                                                                                             2021                   2020

          At 1 January (note)                                                    1,503,437,750          1,474,115,242
          Effect of vested RSUs (note 25(a))                                        19,821,162             31,306,084
          Effect of share purchase for RSUs (note 27(f))                           (12,746,964)              (163,142)
          Effect of share purchase for cancellation (note 27(f))                      (347,748)                    —
          Effect of Issuance of ordinary share upon subscription
            (note 26(b)(vi))                                                         52,226,036                        —
          Effect of Issuance of ordinary share related to business
            combination (note 26(b)(vii))                                              6,136,694                       —

          Weighted average number of ordinary shares at
           31 December                                                           1,568,526,930          1,505,258,184

          Note:

          The number of ordinary shares as at 1 January 2021 represents 1,534,204,000 (2020: 1,534,204,000) outstanding
          ordinary shares as of the date netting of 30,766,250 (2020: 60,088,758) treasure shares held by RSU trustees as at
          1 January 2021.


    (b)   Diluted loss per share
          For the year ended 31 December 2021, as the Group incurred losses, the potential ordinary
          shares of RSUs, contingent consideration, share options and convertible bonds were not
          included in the calculation of dilutive loss per share, as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.
          Accordingly, diluted loss per share for the year ended 31 December 2021 are the same as
          basic loss per share.

          For the year ended 31 December 2020, the potential ordinary shares of RSUs were
          anti-dilutive due to their effect to ordinary shares would decrease the loss per share.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2021 187
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    10    Property, plant and equipment
          (a)    Reconciliation of carrying amount
                                                          Office
                                                    equipment,
                                                  furniture and      Leasehold        Right of
                                                         fittings improvements      use assets      Total
                                                       US$’000         US$’000        US$’000     US$’000

                 Cost:
                 At 1 January 2020                        1,390            960          12,473     14,823

                 Additions                                  240             —            6,243      6,483
                 Disposals                                  (72)            (4)           (458)      (534)
                 Exchange difference                         88             61              —         149

                 At 31 December 2020                      1,646          1,017          18,258     20,921

                 Additions                                  542             22            113         677
                 Modifications on lease
                   contracts                                  —              —            (190)      (190)
                 Acquisitions through business
                   combination                              180            136             575        891
                 Disposals                                 (329)            —             (472)      (801)
                 Reclassified as disposal group
                   held for sale                             (66)          (23)            —          (89)
                 Exchange difference                           (1)          23            233         255

                 At 31 December 2021                      1,972          1,175          18,517     21,664

                 Accumulated depreciation:
                 At 1 January 2020                         (792)          (945)         (4,250)    (5,987)
                 Charge for the year                       (432)              (8)       (4,122)    (4,562)
                 Written back on disposals                   62                4           458        524
                 Exchange difference                         53             (61)            —           (8)

                 At 31 December 2020                     (1,109)        (1,010)         (7,914)   (10,033)
                 Charge for the year                       (304)            (21)        (4,378)     (4,703)
                 Written back on disposals                  303              —             472         775
                 Reclassified as disposal group
                   held for sale                              15             3              —          18
                 Exchange difference                         (23)          (22)            (63)      (108)

                 At 31 December 2021                     (1,118)        (1,050)        (11,883)   (14,051)


                 Net book value:
                 At 31 December 2021                        854            125           6,634      7,613


                 At 31 December 2020                        537               7         10,344     10,888



188 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                   Notes to the Financial Statements

                                               (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


10   Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
     (b)   Right-of-use assets
           The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as
           follows:

                                                                                   At                  At
                                                                         31 December          31 December
                                                                                 2021                2020
                                                                              US$’000             US$’000

           Other properties leased for own use, carried at
            depreciated cost                                                      6,634              10,344

           The Group has obtained the right to use other properties as its offices through tenancy
           agreements. The leases typically run for an initial period of 1 to 3 years. Lease payments are
           usually increased every 1 year to reflect market rentals.

           The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised in profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                                               US$’000             US$’000

           Depreciation charge of other properties leased
             for own use                                                          4,378               4,122
           Interest on lease liabilities (note 5(a))                                423                 364
           Expense relating to short-term leases and leases of
             low-value assets                                                       394                 443

           During the year, all additions to right-of-use assets were related to the capitalised lease
           payments payable under new tenancy agreements.

           Details of total cash outflow for leases and the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out
           in notes 17(e) and 21 respectively.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2021 189
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    11    Intangible assets
                                                                                   Customer       Incomplete      Developed
                                          Royalties     Software      Trademark relationships       contracts    Technology       Total
                                           US$’000       US$’000         US$’000     US$’000         US$’000        US$’000     US$’000

          Cost:
          At 1 January 2020                  1,174          429            1,157           —               —         20,875      23,635
          Additions                         14,212            1               —            —               —             —       14,213
          R&D capitalization                    —            —                —            —               —         21,223      21,223
          Exchange difference                  722           14               —            —               —            550       1,286

          At 31 December 2020 and
              1 January 2021                16,108          444            1,157           —               —         42,648      60,357
          Additions                         10,000          114               79           —               —             —       10,193
          R&D capitalization                    —            —                —            —               —         44,562      44,562
          Acquisitions through business
              combination                        14         178             832        28,216          1,881         12,781      43,902
          Exchange difference                    32           1               1            16              1             20          71

          At 31 December 2021               26,154          737            2,069       28,232          1,882        100,011     159,085

          Accumulated amortisation:
          At 1 January 2020                  (1,174)        (206)           (632)          —               —         (6,941)     (8,953)
          Charge for the year                  (166)          (37)          (225)          —               —         (7,582)     (8,010)
          Exchange difference                     (5)         (11)             (3)         —               —             (51)        (70)

          At 31 December 2020 and
              1 January 2021                 (1,345)        (254)           (860)          —               —        (14,574)    (17,033)
          Charge for the year                (2,070)          (70)          (172)        (581)            (39)      (21,414)    (24,346)
          Exchange difference                     (1)           (3)            (1)          (7)             1            (27)        (38)

          At 31 December 2021                (3,416)        (327)         (1,033)        (588)            (38)      (36,015)    (41,417)


          Net book value:
          At 31 December 2021               22,738          410            1,036       27,644          1,844         63,996     117,668


          At 31 December 2020               14,763          190             297            —               —         28,074      43,324

          The amortisation charge for the year is included in “Research and development expenses” and
          “General and administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
          comprehensive income.




190 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                 Notes to the Financial Statements

                                             (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


11   Intangible assets (Continued)
     The identifiable intangible assets recognised by the Group upon the business combination
     completed on 30 November 2021 include:

     —     Developed Technology
     —     Customer list
     —     Incomplete contracts

     The fair value of the intangible assets at the date of completion of the business combination
     were assessed by the directors based on an independent valuation prepared by a firm of external
     valuers.

12   Goodwill
                                                                                2021                2020
                                                                             US$’000             US$’000

     Goodwill in connection with the acquisition of:
       — nativeX, LLC. (i)                                                     19,981              19,981
       — Game analytics Aps (ii)                                                9,017               9,017
       — Reyun SaaS Business (iii)                                             86,344                  —

                                                                             115,342               28,998


     Carrying amount:
       At 31 December                                                        115,342               28,998

     (i)   Goodwill in connection with the acquisition of nativeX, LLC
           In connection with the Group’s acquisition of nativeX, LLC, the Group recognised goodwill of
           US$19,981,000. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to the
           Group’s cash-generating units (CGU) identified according to country of operation.

           The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined based on value-in-use calculations.
           These calculations use cash flow projection based on financial forecast approved by
           management covering a five-year period. The key assumptions used in the estimation of the
           recoverable amount are pre-tax discount rate and budgeted revenue growth rate (average
           of financial forecasts period) set out below. The expected revenue growth rate is following
           the business plan approved by the Group. Pre-tax discount rate represents the current
           market assessment of the risks specific to the CGU, regarding the time value of money and
           individual risks of the underlying assets which have not been incorporated in the cash flow
           estimates.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2021 191
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    12    Goodwill (Continued)
          (i)    Goodwill in connection with the acquisition of nativeX, LLC (Continued)
                                                                                    2021              2020

                 Pre-tax discount rate                                            33.3%              33.6%
                 Terminal value growth rate                                        2.5%               2.5%
                 Budgeted revenue growth rate
                   (average of financial forecasts period)                         9.9%              10.6%

                 The estimated recoverable amount of the CGU exceeded its carrying amount by
                 approximately US$4,211,000 as at 31 December 2021 (2020: US$13,282,000).

                 As at 31 December 2021, if the pre-tax discount rate rose to 36.4% (2020: 43.7%) or
                 budgeted revenue growth rate (average of financial forecasts period) decreased to 7.6%
                 (2020: 3.3%), the recoverable amount of the CGU would be approximately equal to its
                 carrying amount.

                 Reasonable possible changes in key assumptions would not lead to impairment as at 31
                 December 2021 and 2020, respectively.

          (ii)   Goodwill in connection with the acquisition of Game analytics ApS
                 In connection with the Group’s acquisition of Game analytics ApS, the Group recognised
                 goodwill of US$9,017,000. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill has been
                 allocated to the Group’s CGU identified according to country of operation.

                 The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined based on value-in-use calculations. These
                 calculations use cash flow projection based on financial forecast approved by management
                 covering a 6-year period, which captures the development stage of the CGU’s businesses.
                 The key assumptions used in the estimation of the recoverable amount are pre-tax discount
                 rate and budgeted revenue growth rate (average of financial forecasts period) set out below.
                 The expected revenue growth rate is following the business plan approved by the Group.
                 Pre-tax discount rate represents the current market assessment of the risks specific to the
                 CGU, regarding the time value of money and individual risks of the underlying assets which
                 have not been incorporated in the cash flow estimates.




192 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                   Notes to the Financial Statements

                                               (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


12   Goodwill (Continued)
     (ii)   Goodwill in connection with the acquisition of Game analytics ApS (Continued)
                                                                                   2021                2020

            Pre-tax discount rate                                                18.9%               18.9%
            Terminal value growth rate                                            3.0%                3.0%
            Budgeted revenue growth rate
              (average of financial forecasts period)                             6.3%                 5.6%

            The estimated recoverable amount of the CGU exceeded its carrying amount by
            approximately US$1,994,000 as at 31 December 2021 (2020: US$4,474,000).

            As at 31 December 2021, if the pre-tax discount rate rose to 20.2% (2020: 24.5%) or
            budgeted revenue growth rate (average of financial forecasts period) decreased to 4.8%
            (2020: 0.2%), the recoverable amount of the CGU would be approximately equal to its
            carrying amount.

            Reasonable possible changes in key assumptions would not lead to impairment as at 31
            December 2021 and 2020, respectively.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2021 193
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    12	Goodwill (Continued)
          (iii)   Goodwill in connection with the acquisition of Reyun SaaS business
                  In connection with the Group’s acquisition of a SaaS business which comprise of 54.46%
                  equity interests in Beijing Reyun and 85% interests in HIO SaaS business (collectively
                  referred to “Reyun SaaS Business”), the Group acquired Reyun SaaS Business and
                  recognised goodwill of US$86,344,000 as at 30 November 2021 (see note 28). For the
                  purpose of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to the Group’s CGU identified
                  according to business operation.

                  The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined based on value-in-use calculations.
                  These calculations use cash flow projection based on financial forecast approved by
                  management covering a five-year period. The key assumptions used in the estimation of the
                  recoverable amount are pre-tax discount rate and budgeted revenue growth rate (average
                  of financial forecasts period) set out below. The expected revenue growth rate is following
                  the business plan approved by the Group. Pre-tax discount rate represents the current
                  market assessment of the risks specific to the CGU, regarding the time value of money and
                  individual risks of the underlying assets which have not been incorporated in the cash flow
                  estimates.

                                                                                                      2021

                  In percent
                  Pre-tax discount rate                                                              22.4%
                  Terminal value growth rate                                                          2.5%
                  Budgeted revenue growth rate (average of financial forecasts period)               50.0%

                  The estimated recoverable amount of the CGU exceeded its carrying amount by
                  approximately US$23,869,000 as at 31 December 2021.

                  As at 31 December 2021, if the pre-tax discount rate rose to 25.2% or budgeted revenue
                  growth rate (average of financial forecasts period) decreased to 45.2%, the recoverable
                  amount of the CGU would be approximately equal to its carrying amount.

                  Reasonable possible changes in key assumptions would not lead to impairment as at 31
                  December 2021.




194 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                                   Notes to the Financial Statements

                                                                       (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


13   Investments in subsidiaries
     The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results,
     assets or liabilities of the Group. The class of share held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.


                                                        Place of incorporation     issued and paid-up       Proportion of
                                                         and business/date of        capital/registered   ownership interest
     Company name                                                incorporation                  capital    Direct     Indirect         Principal activities

     Mobvista International Technology Limited                      Hong Kong               HK$10,000          —        100%     Mobile advertising services
       (“MIT HK”)                                            15 December 2014

     Advertter Technology Company Limited                            Seychelles                US$100          —        100%     Mobile advertising services
                                                                  24 June 2015

     Flash Banner Technology Company                                 Seychelles                US$100          —        100%     Mobile advertising services
        Limited                                                   24 June 2015

     Mintegral Limited (formerly known as                            Seychelles                US$100          —        100%     Mobile advertising services
        Pointer Ad Technology Company                             24 June 2015
        Limited)

     Adlogic Technology Pte. Ltd.                                    Singapore               S$50,000          —        100%     Mobile advertising services
                                                               14 October 2015

     Mintegral International Limited (formerly                       Hong Kong              HK$10,000          —        100%     Mobile advertising services
        known as Dime Freak Technology                             24 May 2013
        Limited)

     Mobvista-Japan Co., Ltd.                                           Japan            Japanese Yen          —        100%     Mobile advertising services
                                                            22 September 2017               1,000,000

     Guangzhou Huiliang Information                                         PRC          US$1,000,000          —        100%        Technology and mobile
       Technology Company Limited (i) (廣州                           2 April 2015                                                       advertising services
       匯量信息科技有限公司)

     Eurocore B.V.                                                  Netherlands                 Euro 1         —        100%             Investment holding
                                                                   28 July 2016

     USCore, Inc                                 United States of America (“US”)                 US$1          —        100%             Investment holding
                                                              9 December 2015

     Game Analytics ApS                                               Denmark              Euro 74,067         —        100%             Mobile advertising
                                                               20 October 2011                                                           analysis solutions

     nativeX, LLC                                                           US                      —          —        100%     Mobile advertising services
                                                                   9 June 2010

     Game Analytics Ltd.                                     England and Wales          British Pound 1        —        100%             Mobile advertising
                                                            11 September 2014                                                            analysis solutions

     Nativex Servicos De Tecnologia LTTDA                                 Brazil                    —          —        100%             Mobile advertising
                                                               21 January 2020                                                                    services

     Beijing Reyun (北京熱雲科技有限公司)                                          PRC         RMB2,728,938.91           —       54.46%            Mobile advertising
                                                             15 November 2013                                                            analysis solutions

                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2021 195
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    13	Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)
          Notes:

          (i)      The subsidiary is wholly foreign-owned enterprise in Mainland China.

          (ii)     On 1 July 2021, the Group disposed Beijing Zhuoyue Interactive Network Technology Co., Ltd. (“Beijing
                   Zhuoyue”), a subsidiary without any substantial operation.


          The following table lists out the information relating to Beijing Reyun and its subsidiaries, the
          subsidiaries of the Group which have a material non-controlling interests. The summarised financial
          information presented below represents the amounts before any inter-company elimination.

                                                                                                 31 December 2021/
                                                                                                              From
                                                                                               30 November 2021 to
                                                                                                  31 December 2021
                                                                                                          US$’000

          Non-controlling interests percentage                                                                45.54%

          Current assets                                                                                       28,188
          Non-current assets                                                                                   48,605
          Current liabilities                                                                                  18,580
          Non-Current liabilities                                                                               8,688
          Net assets                                                                                           49,525
          Carrying amount of non-controlling interests                                                         22,554

          Revenue                                                                                                1,595
          Profit for the period                                                                                    425
          Total comprehensive income                                                                               425
          Profit allocated to non-controlling interests                                                            194

          Net cash used in operating activities                                                                     (13)
          Net cash used in investing activities                                                                 (9,299)




196 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                               Notes to the Financial Statements

                                                        (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


14   Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL)
                                                                                                2021                   2020
                                                                                             US$’000                US$’000

     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
       (“FVPL”)

     — current portion                                                                         12,199                 54,274
     — non-current portion                                                                      1,663                  3,065

     Total                                                                                     13,862                 57,339

     Notes:

     Financial assets at FVPL at 31 December 2021 mainly included:

     (i)      An investment in a limited company in PRC with principal amount of US$1,532,000 in August 2019. The Group
              does not have significant influence on the daily operation of the limited company. The investment has been entirely
              classified to financial asset at FVPL in accordance with IFRS 9. As at 31 December 2021, the fair value of the
              financial asset at FVPL is not materially different from the principal amount of US$1,569,000 (2020: US$1,533,000).

     (ii)     An Investment in a wealth management product with principal amount of US$3,000,000 issued by a financial
              institution in Hong Kong during the year ended 31 December 2021. The wealth management product is without
              guaranteed principals and fixed interest rate attached to it. The Group has an option to withdraw the principal
              partially when agreed with the financial institution. The wealth management product and the embedded put option
              have been entirely classified to financial assets at FVPL in accordance with IFRS 9. As at 31 December 2021, the
              fair value of the investment in the wealth management product is US$2,300,000.

     (iii)    An Investment in a wealth management product with principal amount of US$9,410,000 issued by a financial
              institution in Mainland China during the year ended 31 December 2021. The wealth management product is open
              for purchase and redemption on each working day with unguaranteed principals and no fixed interest rate attached
              to it. The wealth management product has been entirely classified to financial assets at FVPL in accordance with
              IFRS 9. As at 31 December 2021, the fair value of the investment in a wealth management product is not materially
              different from the principal amount of US$9,410,000.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2021 197
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    15    Contract costs
                                                                                                  2021                   2020
                                                                                               US$’000                US$’000

          Contract costs                                                                             552                     —

          Contract costs capitalised as at 31 December 2021 relate to the costs to fulfil a contract with a
          customer. Contract costs are recognised as part of “cost of sales” in the consolidated statement of
          profit or loss in the period in which revenue is recognised. The amount of capitalised contract costs
          recognised in profit or loss during the year was US$96,000 (2020: nil). There was no impairment in
          relation to the opening balance of capitalised costs or the costs capitalised during the year.

          The amount of capitalised contract costs that is expected to be recovered after more than one year
          is US$283,000 (2020: nil). All of the other capitalised contract costs are expected to be recovered
          within one year.

    16    Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                  2021                   2020
                                                                             Note              US$’000                US$’000

          Trade receivables                                                                     153,127               216,829
          Less: Allowance for doubtful debts                                   (i)               (3,963)              (17,744)

                                                                                                149,164               199,085
          Deposits                                                                                  769                 1,448
          Other receivables                                                 (ii)&(iii)           20,225                86,973

                                                                                                170,158               287,506
          Less: Non-current deposits                                                                 —                   (676)

                                                                                                170,158               286,830

          All of the trade and other receivables included in current assets are expected to be recovered or
          recognised as expense within one year.

          Notes:

          (i)      As at 31 December 2021, allowance for doubtful debts decreased mainly due to the reclassification of disposal
                   Group and improvement of the turnover day of trade receivables (see Note 29(a)).

          (ii)     As at 31 December 2020, the Group held wealth management products of US$74,640,000 from financial institutions
                   in the PRC and Hong Kong with guaranteed principals and fixed returns per annum, which was fully settled by the
                   financial institutions during the year ended 31 December 2021.

          (iii)    As at 31 December 2021, the Group held a loan receivable from a third party, which has a principal amount of
                   US$1,260,000 maturing within one year and bears an interest rate of 5% per annum.




198 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                   Notes to the Financial Statements

                                               (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


16   Trade and other receivables (Continued)
     Ageing analysis
     As at 31 December 2021, the ageing analysis of trade receivables, based on the revenue
     recognition date and net of allowance for doubtful debts, is as follows:

                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                                               US$’000             US$’000

     Within 3 months                                                           129,930               97,833
     3 to 6 months                                                               2,946               47,801
     6 to 12 months                                                              4,772               47,702
     Over 12 months                                                             11,516                5,749

                                                                               149,164             199,085

     Trade receivables are due within 60 to 90 days from the date of revenue recognition. Further
     details on the Group’s credit policy are set out in note 29(a).

17   Cash and bank balances
     (a)   Restricted cash
           Cash that is restricted as to withdrawal for use or pledged as security is reported separately
           on the face of the consolidated statement of financial position, and is not included in the total
           cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows.

                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                                               US$’000             US$’000

           Deposits pledged for bank borrowings                                   4,151               4,498
           Other deposits in banks                                                2,169                 389

                                                                                  6,320               4,887

     (b)   Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                                               US$’000             US$’000

           Cash at bank and on hand                                            160,322               39,311

           As at 31 December 2021, cash and cash equivalents placed with banks in Mainland
           China amounted to US$38,498,000 (2020: US$2,824,000). Remittance of funds out of
           Mainland China is subject to the relevant rules and regulations of foreign exchange control
           promulgated by the PRC government.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2021 199
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    17    Cash and bank balances (Continued)
          (c)    Reconciliation of loss before taxation to cash generated from operations:
                                                                                2021       2020
                                                                      Note   US$’000    US$’000

                 Loss before taxation                                        (30,714)    (7,110)
                 Adjustments for:
                 Depreciation                                         5(c)     4,703      4,562
                 Amortisation                                         5(c)    24,346      8,010
                 Interest expenses                                    5(a)     4,379      1,897
                 Interest income                                       4      (5,742)    (2,429)
                 Net loss/(gain) on disposal of property, plant
                    and equipment                                      4           2        (18)
                 Net fair value change on financial assets at fair
                    value through profit or loss                       4       1,004        991
                 Equity-settled share-based payment expenses          5(b)     5,836     13,194
                 Impairment loss (reversed)/recognised                5(c)    (8,190)     5,555
                 Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                               (452)        —
                 Change in fair value of derivative financial
                    liabilities                                       22      13,979         —
                 Unrealised exchange gain                                        792     (3,266)
                 Changes in working capital:
                 Increase in contract cost                                       (97)        —
                 (Increase)/decrease in trade and other
                    receivables                                              (65,676)    13,468
                 Increase/(decrease) in trade and other
                    payables                                                 101,471    (20,198)

                 Cash generated from operations                               45,641     14,656




200 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                                  Notes to the Financial Statements

                                                                     (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


17   Cash and bank balances (Continued)
     (d)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
           The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including
           both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for
           which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated
           statements of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                                                                    Amounts
                                                                                         Derivative                   due to
                                                                           Convertible     financial     Interest    related      Lease
                                                              Bank loans       bonds      liabilities    payable     parties   liabilities      Total
                                                                US$’000      US$’000      US$’000       US$’000     US$’000    US$’000       US$’000

           At 1 January 2020                                     55,471            —              —           71        193       9,413        65,148

           Changes from financing cash flows:
           Proceeds from bank loans                             217,509            —              —           —           —          —        217,509
           Repayment of bank loans                             (217,056)           —              —           —           —          —       (217,056)
           Capital element of lease rentals paid                     —             —              —           —           —      (4,084)        (4,084)
           Interest element of lease rentals paid                    —             —              —           —           —        (364)          (364)
           Interests and other borrowing cost paid                   —             —              —       (1,558)         —          —          (1,558)

           Total changes from financing cash flows                  453            —              —       (1,558)         —      (4,448)       (5,553)

           Exchange adjustment                                      517            —              —           —           —            —          517

           Other changes:
           Increase in lease liabilities from entering into
                new leases during the year                            —            —              —           —           —       6,243         6,243
           Interest expenses (note 5(a))                              —            —              —        1,533          —         364         1,897

           Total other changes                                        —            —              —        1,533          —       6,607         8,140


           At 31 December 2020                                   56,441            —              —           46        193      11,572        68,252




                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2021 201
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    17	Cash and bank balances (Continued)
          (d)	Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)
                                                                                                                         Amounts
                                                                                              Derivative                    due to
                                                                               Convertible      financial    Interest      related        Lease
                                                                    Bank loans     bonds       liabilities   payable       parties    liabilities     Total
                                                                      US$’000    US$’000        US$’000      US$’000      US$’000      US$’000      US$’000

                 At 1 January 2021                                      56,441          —              —          46          193        11,572      68,252

                 Changes from financing cash flows:
                 Proceeds from bank loans                              270,766          —              —           —           —             —       270,766
                 Repayment of bank loans                              (266,849)         —              —           —           —             —      (266,849)
                 Capital element of lease rentals paid                      —           —              —           —           —         (4,460)      (4,460)
                 Interest element of lease rentals paid                     —           —              —           —           —           (423)        (423)
                 Proceeds from issuance of convertible bonds                —       30,000             —           —           —             —        30,000
                 Payment of transaction cost for issuance of
                      convertible bonds                                     —       (1,846)            —           —           —              —       (1,846)
                 Payment for interest on convertible bonds                  —         (435)            —           —           —              —         (435)
                 Interest and other borrowing cost paid                     —           —              —       (1,188)         —              —       (1,188)

                 Total changes from financing cash flows                 3,917      27,719             —       (1,188)         —         (4,883)     25,565

                 Exchange adjustment                                      406           —              —           —            (1)        (769)        (364)

                 Other changes:
                 Increase in lease liabilities from entering into
                      new leases during the year                            —           —              —           —           —            113          113
                 Modifications on lease contracts                           —           —              —           —           —           (190)        (190)
                 Business combination (note 28)                             —           —              —           —           —            580          580
                 Reclassified as disposal group held for sale
                      (note 18)                                         (1,495)         —              —           (6)         —              —       (1,501)
                 Amount initially recognised as the derivative
                      component of convertible bonds (note 22)              —       (2,398)        2,398          —            —             —           —
                 Changes in fair value (note 22)                            —           —         13,979          —            —             —       13,979
                 Interest expenses (note 5(a))                              —        2,188            —        1,768           —            423       4,379

                 Total other changes                                    (1,495)       (210)       16,377       1,762           —            926      17,360


                 At 31 December 2021                                    59,269      27,509        16,377         620          192         6,846     110,813




202 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                  Notes to the Financial Statements

                                              (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


17   Cash and bank balances (Continued)
     (e)   Total cash outflow for leases
           Amounts included in the consolidated statement of cash flow for leases comprise the
           following:

                                                                                 2021                2020
                                                                              US$’000             US$’000

           Within operating cash flows                                             394                 443
           Within financing cash flows                                           4,883               4,448

                                                                                 5,277               4,891

           These amounts all relate to lease rentals paid.

18   Disposal group held for sale
     On 17 November 2021, the Group has entered into the Business Restructuring Agreement
     with Zhuhai Huiliang Investment Holdings Company Limited, Marketlogic Technology Limited
     (collectively referred to “the Transferees”), Seamless and Guangzhou Huiliang Marketing
     Technology Company Limited (“the Target Company”), pursuant to which, among other things,
     the Group conditionally agreed to transfer, and the Transferees conditionally agreed to receive, the
     entire issued share capital of the Target Company and certain business contracts and employment
     contracts relating to the media planning and procurement business of the Group. Accordingly,
     related business is presented as a disposal group held for sale. Efforts to sell the disposal group
     have started and a sale is expected by 2022.

     As at 31 December 2021, the disposal group was measured at the lower of carrying amount and
     fair value less costs to sell and comprised the following assets and liabilities.

                                                                                                     2021
                                                                                 Note             US$’000

     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                        110
     Trade and other receivables                                                                  118,126
     Prepayments                                                                                      859
     Property, plant and equipment                                                10                   71
     Deferred tax assets                                                         23(b)                 31

     Assets held for sale                                                                         119,197


     Trade and other payables                                                                      (45,512)
     Bank loan                                                                                       (1,495)

     Liabilities held for sale                                                                     (47,007)

     There was no impairment loss relating to disposal group held for sale during the year ended 31
     December 2021.

                                                                                         Annual Report 2021 203
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    19    Trade and other payables
                                                                                 2021               2020
                                                                              US$’000            US$’000

          Trade payables (note (a))                                            176,576           122,060
          Bills payable                                                          4,706               915
          Amounts due to related parties (note 31(a))                              192               193
          Other payables                                                         4,356             7,627
          Receipt in advance                                                    19,389            11,198
          Staff costs payables                                                   6,294             6,285
          Contingent consideration (note 28(a))                                    346                —
          Value added tax (“VAT”) and other tax payables                         2,987             1,585

                                                                               214,846           149,863

          All of the trade and other payables are expected to be settled or recognised as income within one
          year or are repayable on demand.

          As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the amounts due to related parties were non-trade related,
          unsecured and interest-free.

          Bills payable as at 31 December 2021 were secured by pledged bank deposits of US$1,176,000
          (2020: US$229,000).

          (a)    An ageing analysis of the trade payables and bills payable based on the
                 invoice date is as follows:
                                                                                 2021               2020
                                                                              US$’000            US$’000

                 Within 1 month                                                 65,311            26,745
                 1 to 2 months                                                  44,478            24,753
                 2 to 3 months                                                  21,768             9,657
                 Over 3 months                                                  49,725            61,820

                                                                               181,282           122,975


    20    Bank loans
          As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the bank loans were repayable as follows:

                                                                                 2021               2020
                                                                              US$’000            US$’000

          Within 1 year or on demand                                            59,269            56,441




204 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                 Notes to the Financial Statements

                                                         (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


20	Bank loans (Continued)
     As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the bank loans were secured as follows:

                                                                                                  2021                    2020
                                                                                               US$’000                 US$’000

     Unsecured (note (a))                                                                        16,817                  25,956
     Secured (note (b)/(c))                                                                      42,452                  30,485

                                                                                                 59,269                  56,441

     Notes:

     (a)      At 31 December 2021, unsecured banking facilities of the Group amounted to US$52,548,000(2020:
              US$46,016,000), of which US$40,979,000(2020: US$42,261,000) were guaranteed by Mobvista Inc. The facilities
              were utilised to the extent of US$16,817,000(2020: US$25,956,000).

     (b)      At 31 December 2021, secured banking facilities of the Group amounted to US$62,000,000(2020: US$51,000,000),
              which were secured by restricted cash of US$4,151,000(2020: US$4,149,000). The secured banking facilities of
              the Group were also guaranteed by Mobvista Inc. The facilities were utilised to the extent of US$42,452,000(2020:
              US$30,485,000).

     (c)      The Group’s banking facilities of US$130,000,000 are subject to the fulfilment of covenants relating to certain of the
              Group’s balance sheet ratios, as are commonly found in lending arrangements with financial institutions. If the Group
              were to breach the covenants the drawn down facilities would become payable on demand. The Group regularly
              monitors its compliance with these covenants. Further details of the Group’s management of liquidity risk are set out
              in note 29(b). As at 31 December 2021, none of the covenants relating to drawn down facilities had been breached
              (2020: nil).


21   Lease liabilities
     At 31 December 2021 and 2020, the lease liabilities were repayable as follows:

                                                                                        31 December              31 December
                                                                                                2021                    2020
                                                                                               $’000                   $’000

     Within 1 year                                                                                 3,992                   4,600
     After 1 year but within 5 years                                                               2,854                   6,972

                                                                                                   6,846                 11,572




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2021 205
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    22    Convertible bonds and derivative financial liabilities
                                                                     Debt        Derivative
                                                                component       component                Total
                                                                  US$’000         US$’000             US$’000

          At 1 January 2021                                               —              —                  —
          Issuance of convertible bonds                               25,756          2,398             28,154
          Loss arising on changes of fair value                           —          13,979             13,979
          Interest charge                                              2,188             —               2,188
          Interest payment                                              (435)            —                (435)

          31 December 2021                                            27,509         16,377             43,886

          On 22 January 2021 (“Issue Date”), the Company issued convertible bonds to an independent
          third party (the “holder”) with principal amount of US$30,000,000 with a maturity period of three
          years to 21 January 2024 (“Maturity Date”). The Maturity Date may be extended to the date falling
          48 months or 60 months from the Issue Date (“the Extended Maturity Date”) at the request of
          the holder.

          The convertible bonds bear interest at a coupon rate of 3.5% per annum on a compounded basis
          payable every twelve months.

          The convertible bonds can be converted into ordinary shares of the Company at the holder’s
          option at an initial conversion price of HK$5.54 per share subject to adjustment for, among other
          matters, sub-division, consolidation of shares, issue of shares in lieu of the whole or any part of
          a specifically declared cash dividend, capital distributions, issue of convertible securities, issue of
          new shares in discount, consideration issues and other dilutive events.

          There was no conversion or redemption of the convertible bonds during the year ended 31
          December 2021.

    23    Income tax in the consolidated statements of financial position
          (a)    Current taxation in the consolidated statements of financial position
                 represents:
                                                                                      2021               2020
                                                                                   US$’000            US$’000

                 Current tax payable                                                  8,040              9,670
                 Current tax recoverable                                             (1,226)              (549)

                                                                                      6,814              9,121




206 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                        Notes to the Financial Statements

                                                               (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


23   Income tax in the consolidated statements of financial position
     (Continued)
     (b)   Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised:
           (i)     Movement of each component of deferred tax assets and liabilities
                   The components of deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised in the consolidated
                   statements of financial position and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                     Fair value
                                                                                    adjustment
                                                                Share-                     from Depreciation
                   Deferred tax                                 based Provision for   business          and
                   arising from                   Tax loss compensation impairment combination amortisation      Goodwill      Other      Total
                                                  US$’000     US$’000      US$’000     US$’000      US$’000      US$’000     US$’000    US$’000

                   At 1 January 2020                  785        4,877        4,354           —           86       (1,167)        —       8,935
                   Credited/(charged) to profit
                      or loss                       6,144         395        (1,545)          —         (648)        (292)        —       4,054
                   Exchange difference                 36         (15)           —            —           —            —          —          21

                   At 31 December 2020              6,965        5,257        2,809           —         (562)      (1,459)        —      13,010
                   Addition through business
                      combination                     885           —            —        (6,255)          —           —          —      (5,370)
                   Reclassified as disposal
                      group held for sale             (30)          —            (1)          —            —           —          —         (31)
                   Credited/(charged) to profit
                      or loss                      12,326       (1,222)      (1,527)        116        (2,987)       (280)       379      6,805
                   Exchange difference                 46           24           —           (2)           —           —          —          68

                   At 31 December 2021             20,192        4,059        1,281       (6,141)      (3,549)     (1,739)       379     14,482

           (ii)    Reconciliation to the consolidated statements of financial position
                                                                                                          2021                        2020
                                                                                                       US$’000                     US$’000

                   Net deferred tax asset recognised in the
                    consolidated statements of financial position                                          22,040                      15,111
                   Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the
                    consolidated statements of financial position                                           (7,558)                    (2,101)

                                                                                                           14,482                      13,010




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021 207
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    23	Income tax in the consolidated statements of financial position
          (Continued)
          (c)    Deferred tax assets not recognised:
                 In accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 1(s), the Group has not recognised
                 deferred tax assets in respect of cumulative tax losses of US$5,600,000 as at 31 December
                 2021 (2020: US$1,920,000), as it is not probable that future taxable profits against which the
                 losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction.

          (d)    Deferred tax liabilities not recognised:
                 The Group is subject to 5% withholding tax on dividends receivable from its PRC subsidiaries
                 in respect of their profits generated since 1 January 2008. As at 31 December 2021,
                 deferred tax liabilities in respect of temporary differences relating to such undistributed
                 profits of US$4,072,000 (2020: US$2,773,000) were not recognised as the Company
                 controls the dividend policy of these subsidiaries and it has been determined that those
                 profits will not be distributed in the foreseeable future.

    24    Employee retirement benefits
          Defined contribution retirement plans
          The PRC subsidiaries of the Group participate in defined contribution retirement benefit schemes
          (the “Schemes”) organised by the PRC municipal and provincial government authorities whereby
          the PRC subsidiaries are required to make contributions at the applicable rate of the eligible
          employees’ salaries to the Schemes. The Group has accrued for the required contributions which
          are remitted to the respective local government authorities when the contributions become due.
          The local government authorities are responsible for the pension obligations payable to the retired
          employees covered under the Schemes.

          The Group also operates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (“the MPF scheme”) under the
          Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for employees employed under the
          jurisdiction of the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance. The MPF scheme is a defined contribution
          retirement plan administered by independent trustees. Under the MPF scheme, the employer and
          its employees are each required to make contributions to the plan at 5% of the employees’ relevant
          income, subject to a cap of monthly relevant income of HK$30,000. Contributions to the plan vest
          immediately.

          The Group contributes on a monthly basis to various defined contribution plans organised by
          the relevant government authorities in various areas other than Mainland China and Hong Kong,
          The Group’s liability in respect of these plans is limited to the contributions payable at the end of
          each reporting period. Contributions to these plans are expensed as incurred and not reduced
          by contributions forfeited by those employees who leave the plans prior to vesting fully in the
          contributions.

          The Group has no other material obligation for the payment of pension benefits beyond the
          contributions described above.




208 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                  Notes to the Financial Statements

                                              (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


25   Share-based payment
     (a)   Share-based compensation scheme of the Group
           The Company has adopted a share incentive scheme on 27 September 2018 and amended
           on 19 November 2018, and issued 60,604,700 shares (after adjusted for capitalisation issue)
           of the Company for the purposes of incentivise employee, directors, senior management
           and officers for their contribution to the Group and attract and retain skilled and experienced
           personnel for the future growth of the Group for providing them with the opportunity to own
           equity interests in the Company (the “2018 Scheme”).

           Two trusts have been set up to assist the Board of Directors with the administration and
           vesting of RSUs granted pursuant to the 2018 Share Incentive Plan (the “RSU trustees”).

           On 31 January 2020, share based incentive with cash settlement option (the “2020
           Scheme”) was granted to certain employees of a subsidiary. Employees fulfilled service
           conditions will be entitled to receive US$1,980,000 in cash, as well as a number of shares
           of the Company equivalent to US$1,980,000 determined by the closing market price of the
           shares on the vesting date. During the year ended 31 December 2021, US$22,000(2020:
           US$2,851,000) were paid to employees in cash and 322,042(2020: 1,996,200) shares of the
           Company with identical market value were vested under 2020 Scheme, which were credited
           from treasury shares.

           On 7 December 2020, the Company amended the 2018 scheme to increase the maximum
           number of the underlying shares that may be granted in aggregate from 72,000,158 Shares
           to 95,000,158 Shares. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the RSU Trustees
           purchased 14,972,000(2020: 7,993,000) shares by approximately US$10,991,000(2020:
           US$4,384,000) from the market to hold on trust, for the purpose of satisfying the amended
           2018 Schemes (note 27 (f)).

           During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group granted 3,503,625 (2020: 39,672,632)
           RSUs to certain employees of the Group. Each RSUs is settled by transfer of one ordinary
           share of the Company from the RSU trustees to the grantee upon its vesting.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2021 209
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    25    Share-based payment (Continued)
          (a)    Share-based compensation scheme of the Group (Continued)
                 Pursuant to the RSUs agreements under 2018 Share Incentive Plan, subject to grantee’s
                 continued service to the Group through the applicable vesting date, the RSUs shall become
                 vested after 1 month to 49 months from the date of grant.

                 Movements in the number of RSUs granted to the Group’s directors and employees and the
                 respective weighted-average grant date fair value are as follows:

                                                                 2021                          2020
                                                                     Weighted                           Weighted
                                                                 average grant                      average grant
                                                         Number date fair value         Number      date fair value
                                                         of RSUs      per RSU           of RSUs           per RSU
                                                                           US$                                 US$

                 Outstanding as of 1 January           45,274,174          0.52      52,394,800               0.49
                 Granted during the year                3,503,625          0.85      39,672,632               0.57
                 Forfeited during the year             (8,227,186)         0.48       (9,477,750)             0.52
                 Vested during the year               (23,346,632)         0.57     (37,315,508)              0.50

                 Outstanding as of 31 December        17,203,981           0.51      45,274,174               0.52

                 Share-based compensation expense relating to awards granted to employees is based on
                 the grant date fair value of the RSUs and is recognised on a straight-line basis over the entire
                 vesting period. The fair value of each RSU at the grant dates is determined by reference to
                 the fair value of the underlying ordinary shares of the Company on the date of grant. Prior
                 to the listing of the Company’s shares, the grant date fair value was determined with the
                 assistance of an independent third-party valuation firm, and discounted cash flow method
                 was used to determine fair value of the underlying shares. After listing, the grant date fair
                 value was determined by the non-adjusted closing price on the Stock Exchange, on a basis
                 that vesting is achieved through the non-market performance condition only. RSUs were
                 granted under a service condition. This condition has not been taken into account in the
                 grant date fair value measurement of the services received. No dividends have been taken
                 into account in the grant date fair value measurement of the services received. There were
                 no market conditions associated with the RSUs.




210 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                    Notes to the Financial Statements

                                                (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


25	Share-based payment (Continued)
    (b)   Share option scheme of the Group
          The Company has adopted a share option scheme on 30 October 2018 whereby the
          directors of the Company are authorised, at their discretion, to invite employees of
          the Group, including directors of any company in the Group, to take up options at a
          consideration to subscribe for shares of the Company. Each option entitles the option
          holders to subscribe one ordinary share of the Company.

          On 30 July 2021 (the “Date of Grant”), the Group granted a total of 20,000,000 share
          Options (the “Share Options”) with an exercise price of HK$7.24 to subscribe for one
          ordinary share to certain eligible directors and employees (the “Grantees”) for their
          contributions to the Company. The Share Options shall be valid for a period of 10 years from
          the Date of Grant.

          (i)   The terms and conditions of the grants are as follows:

                                                                        Number                    Contractual
                                                         Tranche      of options       Vesting          life of
                Date of grant                            number          granted        period       options

                Options granted to employees:
                — On 30 July 2021                        2021 T1      5,000,000     12 months        10 years

                Options granted to employees:
                — On 30 July 2021                        2021 T2      5,000,000     24 months        10 years

                Options granted to employees:
                — On 30 July 2021                        2021 T3      5,000,000     36 months        10 years

                Options granted to employees:
                — On 30 July 2021                        2021 T4      5,000,000     48 months        10 years

                Total share options granted                          20,000,000




                                                                                        Annual Report 2021 211
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    25    Share-based payment (Continued)
          (b)    Share option scheme of the Group (Continued)
                 (ii)   The number and weighted average exercise prices of share options are as follows:

                                                                                      2021
                                                                             Weighted
                                                                               average         Number of
                                                                         exercise price          options
                                                                                   HK$

                        Outstanding as of 1 January                                   —                —
                        Granted during the year                                     7.24       20,000,000


                        Outstanding as of 31 December                               7.24       20,000,000


                        Exercisable as of 31 December                               7.24       20,000,000

                        The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised
                        during the year was HK$7.24 (2020: nil).

                        The share options outstanding at 31 December 2021 had an exercise price of
                        HK$7.24 (31 December 2020: nil) and a weighted-average remaining contractual life of
                        6.8 years (31 December 2020: nil).

                        The Group recognised share option expenses of US$647,000 during the year ended
                        31 December 2021 (2020: nil).




212 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                  Notes to the Financial Statements

                                              (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


25	Share-based payment (Continued)
    (b)	Share option scheme of the Group (Continued)
         (iii)   Fair value of share options and assumptions
                 The fair value of services received in return for the share options granted is measured
                 by reference to the fair value of share options granted. The estimated fair value of the
                 share options granted is measured based on a binomial option pricing model. The
                 contractual life of the share options is used as an input into this model. Expectations of
                 early exercise are incorporated into the binomial tree model. Set out below are the fair
                 value of share options and assumptions.


                 Tranche number                        2021 T1        2021 T2       2021 T3        2021 T4

                 Fair value at measurement date
                    (being the date of grant)
                    (US$’000)                             1,345         1,557          2,136          2,902
                 Share price (HK$)                         7.24          7.24           7.24           7.24
                 Exercise price (HK$)                      7.24          7.24           7.24           7.24
                 Expected volatility                    75.61%        61.45%         70.53%         68.24%
                 Expected option life                    1 year       2 years        3 years        4 years
                 Expected dividend yield                 0.00%         0.00%          0.00%          0.00%
                 Risk-free interest rate                 0.07%         0.19%          0.34%          0.52%

                 The expected volatility is based on the historic volatility (calculated based on the
                 weighted average remaining life of the share options), adjusted for any expected
                 changes to future volatility based on publicly available information. Expected dividends
                 are based on historical dividends. The fair values calculated are inherently subjective
                 and uncertain due to the assumptions made and limitations of the model used.
                 Changes in the subjective input assumptions could materially affect the fair value
                 estimate.

                 Share options were granted under a service condition. This condition has not been
                 taken into account in the grant date fair value measurement of the services received.
                 Where share options are forfeited due to a failure by the employee to satisfy the
                 service conditions, any expenses previously recognised in relation to such share
                 options are reversed effective the date of the forfeiture. There were no market
                 conditions associated with the share option grants.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2021 213
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    26    Share capital
          (a)    Authorised
                                                                 2021                                  2020
                                                        Number of     Nominal value           Number of       Nominal value
                                                           shares        of shares               shares          of shares
                                                                           US$’000                                US$’000

                 At 1 January                       10,000,000,000             100,000    10,000,000,000           100,000
                 Additions                                      —                   —                 —                 —

                 At 31 December                     10,000,000,000             100,000    10,000,000,000           100,000

                 The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands with an authorised share capital of
                 US$50,000 divided into 5,000,000 shares of US$0.01 each and issued one share, credited
                 as fully paid.

                 Pursuant to written resolutions consented by the board of directors of the Company on 30
                 October 2018, the Company’s authorised share capital was increased to US$100,000,000
                 by the creation of an additional 9,995,000,000 ordinary shares of US$0.01 each, ranking pari
                 passu with the existing ordinary shares of the Company in all respects.

          (b)    Issued and fully paid
                                                                                           Ordinary shares
                                                                                              Nominal value
                                                                                  Number of      of fully paid
                                                                             ordinary shares ordinary shares
                                                                        Note                         US$’000

                 As at 1 January 2020, 31 December 2020 and
                    1 January 2021                                                 1,534,204,000                  15,341
                 Issuance of ordinary share upon subscription            vi           72,481,000                     725
                 Issuance of ordinary share related to business
                    combination                                          vii             57,433,164                   574

                 As at 31 December 2021                                            1,664,118,164                  16,640




214 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                   Notes to the Financial Statements

                                               (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


26   Share capital (Continued)
     (b)   Issued and fully paid (Continued)
           The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time
           and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank
           equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.

           (i)     In connection with the Reorganisation, on 13 April 2018, Seamless established
                   Worldwide BVI as its wholly-owned subsidiary in the BVI, and then transferred to
                   Worldwide BVI the entire share capital of each of Mintegral Limited, Flash Banner
                   Technology Company Limited, Advertter Technology Company Limited, Mintegral
                   International Limited, Westcore Technology Limited, Adlogic Technology Pte. Ltd. and
                   Mobvista International Technology Limited (together the “Transferred Entities”), in
                   consideration for 60,217,492 shares of the Worldwide BVI.

                   On 8 August 2018, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares with par value of US$0.01
                   to Seamless in exchange for the entire share capital of Worldwide BVI. Upon the
                   completion of the Reorganisation, the Company becomes the holding company of the
                   Group.

                   Consequently, the combined share capital of US$39,000 of the Transferred Entities
                   is deducted from the share capital, and the difference of US$29,000 between the
                   consideration and the share capital of the Transferred Entities was recorded as a
                   capital reserve.

           (ii)    On 12 October 2018, the Company issued 63,830 ordinary shares with a par value of
                   US$0.01 each to the RSU trustees.

           (iii)   Upon completion of the IPO, the Company issues 318,867,000 new shares at a
                   price of HK$4.00 per share. The total gross proceeds received by the Company
                   in connection with IPO were approximately US$163,056,000 (equivalent to
                   HK$1,275,468,000), of which US$3,188,000 were credited to the Company’s
                   share capital account. The remaining proceeds of US$159,867,000, less the listing
                   costs directly attributable to the issue of the shares of US$9,520,000, amounted to
                   US$150,347,000 were credited to the Company’s share premium account.

           (iv)    On 12 December 2018, 1,198,936,169 ordinary shares of US$0.01 each were
                   issued at par value to the shareholders of the Company by way of capitalisation of
                   US$11,989,000 from the Company’s share premium account.

           (v)     On 4 January 2019, over-allotment option in relation to initial public offering in Hong
                   Kong Stock Exchange of the Group was partially exercised and an aggregate of
                   15,337,000 shares were issued at a price of HK$4.00 (equivalent to approximately
                   US$0.5) per share accordingly. The total gross proceeds received by the Company
                   in connection with over-allotment were approximately US$7,599,000 (equivalent to
                   HK$59,503,000), of which US$153,000 were credited to the Company’s share capital
                   account. The remaining proceeds of US$7,446,000 were credited to the Company’s
                   share premium account.


                                                                                       Annual Report 2021 215
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    26    Share capital (Continued)
          (b)    Issued and fully paid (Continued)
                 (vi)     On 13 April 2021, the Company, its parent company, Seamless Technology Limited
                          (“Seamless”), and GIC Private Limited entered into a Placing and Subscription
                          Agreement (“the Agreement”). Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the
                          Agreement, an aggregate of 72,481,000 new shares of per value US$0.01 each was
                          issued at the subscription price of HK$5.9 per share to Seamless. The transaction
                          was completed on 21 April 2021 and as a result, an amount of HK$427,637,900
                          (equivalent to US$54,994,000) was received by the Company, in which US$725,000
                          was recorded in share capital and the remaining amount of US$53,912,000
                          was recorded in share premium after deduction of relevant transaction cost of
                          HK$2,740,794 (equivalent to US$357,000) in the consolidated statement of financial
                          position.

                 (vii)    On 30 November 2021, the Group completed the acquisition of 54.46% equity
                          interests of Beijing Reyun (see note 28). Part of the consideration was settled by the
                          allotment and issue of 57,433,164 shares of the Company at a price of HK$6.83 per
                          share. The shares were issued on 23 November 2021 and the aggregate fair value of
                          the shares issued, based on the quoted price of the shares on that date, amounted to
                          HK$392,269,000 (equivalent to US$50,288,000), in which US$574,000 was recorded
                          in share capital and the remaining amount of US$49,714,000 was recorded in share
                          premium in the consolidated statement of financial position.

                 (viii)   Purchase of own shares

                          During the year, the Company repurchased its own shares on the Stock Exchange as
                          follows:

                                                        Number
                                                       of shares       Highest price    Lowest price Aggregate price
                          Month/year                repurchased       paid per share   paid per share           paid
                                                                                HK$              HK$        HK$’000

                          December 2021                8,055,000                6.78            6.04          51,536

                                                                                                              51,536

                          The total amount paid on the repurchased shares was HK$51,536,000 (equivalent to
                          US$6,634,000).




216 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                       Notes to the Financial Statements

                                                              (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


27   Reserves and dividends
     The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s
     consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statements of changes in equity. Details of the
     changes in the Company’s individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of
     the year are set out below:

                                                                                                                       Retained
                                                         Capital                   Reserve for      Share-based          profits/
                                            Share    redemption           Share       treasury         payments     accumulated
                                           capital       reserve      premium           shares           reserve           (loss)    Total equity
                                          US$’000       US$’000        US$’000         US$’000          US$’000         US$’000         US$’000
                                         (note 26)   (note 27(a))   (note 27(b))    (note 27(f))     (note 27(e))

     At 1 January 2020                     15,341         60,207       136,700             (601)          19,506           5,117         236,270
     Profit for the year                       —              —             —                —                —              382             382

     Total comprehensive income                —              —              —               —                —              382             382

     Vested RSUs                               —              —          18,122             372          (18,494)              —              —
     Share-based payments                      —              —              —               —            13,194               —          13,194
     Share purchased for RSUs                  —              —              —           (4,384)              —                —          (4,384)

     At 31 December 2020 and
         1 January 2021                    15,341         60,207       154,822           (4,613)          14,206           5,499         245,462


     Loss for the year                         —              —              —               —                —          (13,425)        (13,425)

     Total comprehensive loss                  —              —              —               —                —          (13,425)        (13,425)

     Issuance of ordinary share upon
         subscription, net of issuance
         cost                                 725             —          53,912               —               —                —          54,637
     Issuance of ordinary share
         related to business
         combinations, net of
         issuance cost                        574             —          49,714               —               —                —          50,288
     Vested RSUs                               —              —           9,941            3,130         (13,071)              —               —
     Share-based payments                      —              —              —                —            5,836               —            5,836
     Share purchased for RSUs                  —              —              —          (10,991)              —                —         (10,991)
     Share purchased for cancellation          —              —              —            (6,634)             —                —           (6,634)

     At 31 December 2021                   16,640         60,207       268,389          (19,108)           6,971           (7,926)       325,173




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2021 217
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    27	Reserves and dividends (Continued)
          (a)    Capital reserve
                 The capital reserve represents the difference between the increase of registered capital and
                 total capital injection and other reserve arising from Reorganisation.

          (b)    Share premium
                 Under the Companies Law of Cayman Islands, the share premium account of the Company
                 is distributable to the shareholders of the Company provided that immediately following
                 the date on which the dividend is proposed to be distributed, the Company would be in a
                 position to pay off its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

          (c)    Statutory reserve
                 As stipulated by regulations in the PRC, the Company’s subsidiaries established and
                 operated in the Mainland China are required to appropriate 10% of their after-tax-profit (after
                 offsetting prior year losses) as determined in accordance with the PRC accounting rules and
                 regulations, to the statutory surplus reserve until the reserve balance reaches 50% of the
                 registered capital. The transfer to this reserve must be made before distribution of profits to
                 parent companies.

                 The statutory reserve can be utilised, upon approval by the relevant authorities, to offset
                 accumulated losses or to increase capital of the subsidiary, provided that the balance after
                 such issue is not less than 25% of its registered capital.

          (d)    Exchange reserve
                 Exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation
                 of financial statements of foreign operations which are dealt with in accordance with the
                 accounting policies as set out in note 1(v).

          (e)    Share-based payments reserve
                 The share-based payments reserve represents the portion of the grant date fair value
                 of RSUs granted to the directors, employees of the Group that has been recognised in
                 accordance with the accounting policy adopted for share-based payments in note 1(r)(ii).

          (f)    Treasury shares
                 The Company’s treasury shares comprise the cost of the Company’s shares held by the RSU
                 trustees and under the Share Repurchase Mandate.

                 On 12 October 2018, the Company issued 63,830 ordinary shares with a par value of
                 US$0.01 each to the RSU trustees.

                 On 6 December 2021, the Board of the Company formally resolved to use up to
                 HK$150,000,000 to repurchase Shares in the open market from time to time under the Share
                 Repurchase Mandate for cancellation purpose.




218 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                 Notes to the Financial Statements

                                             (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


27	Reserves and dividends (Continued)
    (f)	Treasury shares (Continued)
          Movements in the number of treasury shares for the year ended 31 December 2021 and
          2020 are as follows:

                                                                                 2021                2020

          Outstanding as of 1 January                                     30,766,250          60,088,758

          Purchased from the market for RSUs during the year              14,972,000           7,993,000
          Purchased from the market for cancellation during
           the year                                                        8,055,000                  —
          Decrease due to RSU vested during the year                     (23,346,632)        (37,315,508)

          Outstanding as of 31 December                                   30,446,618          30,766,250

    (g)   Distributability of reserves
          At 31 December 2021, the aggregate amount of reserves available for distribution to equity
          shareholders of the Company was US$267,434,000 (2020: US$174,527,000).

    (h)   Dividends
          Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the
          Group’s and the Company’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are
          approved by the Company’s shareholders or directors, where appropriate.

          There is no dividend declared and paid by the Company in 2021 and 2020. There is no final
          dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period.

    (i)   Capital management
          The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability
          to continue as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for its shareholders
          and benefits for other stakeholders, by pricing products commensurately with the level of risk
          and by securing access to finance at a reasonable cost.

          The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a
          balance between the higher shareholders returns that might be possible with higher levels
          of borrowings and the advantages and security afforded by a sound capital position, and
          makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of changes in economic conditions.

          The Group monitors its capital structure with reference to its debt position. The Group’s
          strategy is to maintain the equity and debt in a balanced position and ensure there are
          adequate working capital to service its debt obligations. The Group’s debt to asset ratio,
          being the Group’s total liabilities over its total assets, as at 31 December 2021 and 2020
          was 52% and 46%, respectively.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2021 219
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    27    Reserves and dividends (Continued)
          (i)    Capital management (Continued)
                 The Group’s debt to asset ratio at 31 December 2021 and 2020 was as follows:

                                                                          31 December        31 December
                                                                                  2021              2020
                                                                               US$’000           US$’000

                 Current liabilities:
                  Trade and other payables                                      214,846           149,863
                  Current tax payable                                             8,040             9,670
                  Bank loans                                                     59,269            56,441
                  Lease liabilities                                               3,992             4,600
                  Derivative financial liabilities                               16,377                —
                  Liabilities held for sale                                      47,007                —

                 Non-current liabilities:
                  Convertible bonds                                              27,509                 —
                  Deferred tax liabilities                                        7,558              2,101
                  Lease liabilities                                               2,854              6,972
                  Other non-current liabilities                                     158                157

                 Total debt                                                     387,610           229,804

                 Total Asset                                                    746,968           497,606

                 Debt to asset ratio                                               52%                46%


    28    Business combination
          In November 2021, the Group acquired a SaaS business which comprise of 54.46% equity
          interests in Beijing Reyun and 85% interests in HIO SaaS business, which is defined as Reyun
          SaaS Business in note 12. The principal activities of Reyun SaaS business include provision of
          advertising and user behavior analysis platforms, game statistical analysis platforms, advertising
          effect monitoring platforms and other big data analysis platforms to customers, and provision of
          data neutrality and algorithm science services to developers.

          The revenue and profit after taxation of US$1,595,000 and US$425,000 respectively included in
          the consolidated financial statements were contributed by Reyun SaaS business from the date of
          acquisition to 31 December 2021. If the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2021, management
          estimates that consolidated revenue would have been US$766,819,000, and consolidated loss
          for the year would have been US$36,453,000. In determining these amounts, management has
          assumed that the fair value adjustments, determined provisionally, that arose on the date of
          acquisition would have been the same if the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2021.




220 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                  Notes to the Financial Statements

                                              (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


28   Business combination (Continued)
     (a)   Consideration transferred
           The following table summaries the acquisition date fair value of each major class of
           consideration transferred.

                                                                                 Note             US$’000

           Cash                                                                (i)&28(c)            60,658
           Equity instruments (57,433,164 ordinary shares)                     26(b)(vii)           50,288
           Contingent consideration                                              (ii)&19               346

           Total consideration                                                                    111,292

           (i)    Cash consideration
                  Cash consideration is totally approximately RMB389,986,000 (equivalent to
                  US$60,658,000).

           (ii)   Contingent consideration
                  The Group has agreed to pay performance bonus by way of allotment and issuance
                  of the Company’s Shares when Beijing Reyun’s revenue for the designated business
                  meet the conditions agreed in contract. The fair value of this contingent consideration
                  is estimated at approximately RMB2,208,000 (equivalent to US$346,000) as at 31
                  December 2021.

     (b)   Acquisition-related costs
           Acquisition-related costs of approximately US$255,000 was included in General and
           administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year ended 31
           December 2021.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2021 221
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    28    Business combination (Continued)
          (c)    Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
                 The following table summarises the recognised amounts of assets acquired and liabilities
                 assumed at the date of business combination.

                                                                                Note           US$’000

                 Property, plant and equipment                                   10                 891
                 Intangible assets                                               11              43,902
                 Deferred tax asset                                              23                 885
                 Cash and cash equivalents                                                       15,147
                 Trade and other receivables                                                      1,656
                 Prepayment                                                                       1,013
                 Contract costs                                                                     455
                 Other current assets                                                               109
                 Trade and other payables                                                        (8,033)
                 Current tax payable                                                                 (90)
                 Lease liabilities                                                                 (580)
                 Deferred tax liabilities                                        23              (6,255)

                 Total identifiable net assets acquired                                          49,100


                 An analysis of net cash outflow in respect of business
                   combination is as follows:
                 Total consideration paid in cash                               28(a)            60,658
                 Less: cash of subsidiary acquired                                              (15,147)

                 Net cash outflow in respect of business combination                             45,511




222 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                  Notes to the Financial Statements

                                              (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


28	Business combination (Continued)
     (d)   Goodwill
           Goodwill arsing from the acquisition has been recognised as follows.

                                                                                 Note               US$’000

           Consideration                                                          (a)               111,292
           Non-controlling interests                                                                 22,360
           Fair value of pre-existing 15% equity interest in HIO SaaS
             business                                                                                  1,792
           Fair value of identifiable net assets                                  (c)                (49,100)

           Goodwill                                                              12(iii)             86,344

           The remeasurement to fair value of the Group’s pre-existing 15% equity interest in HIO SaaS
           business resulted in a gain of US$224,000. The amount has been included in other net
           income (see note 4).

           The goodwill is attributable mainly to the skills and technical talent of the Reyun SaaS
           business’ work force and the synergies expected to be achieved from integrating Reyun
           SaaS business into the Group’s existing mobile advertising business. None of the goodwill
           recognised is expected to be deductible for tax purpose.

29   Financial risk management and fair values
     Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of the
     Group’s business. The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies
     and practices used by the Group to manage these risks are described below.

     (a)   Credit risk
           Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations
           resulting in a financial loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to
           cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and trade and other receivables. The carrying
           amount of each class of the above financial assets represent the Group’s maximum
           exposure to credit risk in relation to financial assets. Management has a credit policy in place
           and the exposures to these credit risks are monitored on an ongoing basis. The Group’s
           exposure to credit risk arising from refundable rental deposits is considered to be low, taking
           into account (i) the landlords’ credit rating and (ii) the remaining lease term and the period
           covered by the rental deposits.

           To manage risk arising from cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, the Group only
           transacts with state-owned or reputable financial institutions in Mainland China and reputable
           financial institution outside of Mainland China. There has been no recent history of default in
           relation to these financial institutions.

           The Group does not provide any other guarantees which would expose the Group to credit
           risk.


                                                                                           Annual Report 2021 223
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    29    Financial risk management and fair values (Continued)
          (a)    Credit risk (Continued)
                 The Group’s trade and other receivables primarily comprise of amounts receivable from
                 customers. The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual
                 characteristics of each customer rather than the industry or country in which the customers
                 operate and therefore significant concentrations of credit risk primarily arise when the Group
                 has significant exposure to individual customers. At the end of the reporting period, 9%
                 (2020: 2%) and 28% (2020: 6%) of the total trade receivables was due from the Group’s
                 largest customer and the five largest customers respectively.

                 Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain
                 amount. These evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when
                 due and current ability to pay, and take into account information specific to the customer as
                 well as pertaining to the economic environment in which the customer operates.

                 The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime
                 ECLs, which is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss
                 experience does not indicate significantly different loss patterns for different customer
                 segments, the loss allowance based on past due status is not further distinguished between
                 the Group’s different customer bases.

                 The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs
                 for trade receivables as at 31 December 2021:

                                                                                 2021
                                                                 Expected    Gross carrying            Loss
                                                                 loss rate          amount        allowance
                                                                        %          US$’000          US$’000

                 Current (not past due)                             0.06%           79,842                (45)
                 Less than 3 months past due                        0.10%           50,184                (51)
                 3 to 12 months past due                            0.50%            7,757                (39)
                 13 to 24 months past due                          17.55%           11,817             (2,074)
                 25 to 36 months past due                          49.73%            3,527             (1,754)
                 Over 36 months past due                          100.00%               —                  —

                                                                                   153,127             (3,963)




224 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                Notes to the Financial Statements

                                           (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


29	Financial risk management and fair values (Continued)
    (a)	Credit risk (Continued)
                                                                         2020
                                                        Expected     Gross carrying                Loss
                                                         loss rate         amount             allowance
                                                                %         US$’000              US$’000

         Current (not past due)                           0.28%              53,626                 (152)
         Less than 3 months past due                      0.69%              44,667                 (308)
         3 to 12 months past due                          2.88%              98,337               (2,834)
         13 to 24 months past due                        68.24%              15,376             (10,493)
         25 to 36 months past due                        82.04%               4,823               (3,957)
         Over 36 months past due                        100.00%                  —                    —

                                                                           216,829              (17,744)

         Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past 3 years. These rates
         are adjusted to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over
         which the historic data has been collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of
         economic conditions over the expected lives of the receivables.

         Movement in the allowance account in respect of trade receivables during the year is as
         follows:

                                                                              2021                2020
                                                                           US$’000             US$’000

         Balance at 1 January                                                17,744              26,330

         Impairment loss (reversed)/recognised                               (8,190)              5,555
         Uncollectable amounts written off                                   (1,698)            (14,141)
         Reclassified as disposal group held for sale                        (3,893)                 —

         Balance at 31 December                                               3,963              17,744




                                                                                   Annual Report 2021 225
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    29    Financial risk management and fair values (Continued)
          (b)    Liquidity risk
                 Individual operating entities within the Group are responsible for their own cash
                 management, including the short-term investment of cash surpluses and the raising of loans
                 to cover expected cash demands, subject to approval by the management and directors
                 when the borrowings exceed certain predetermined levels of authority. The Group’s policy
                 is to regularly monitor its liquidity requirements to ensure that the Group maintains sufficient
                 reserves of cash to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

                 The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of 2021 and 2020
                 of the Group’s financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows
                 (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates
                 current at the end of the reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to
                 pay:

                                                                              At 31 December 2021
                                                                      Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                                                More than
                                                                                1 year but
                                                         Within 1 year           less than                        Carrying
                                                        or on demand               5 years            Total        amount
                                                              US$’000             US$’000           US$’000       US$’000

                 Trade and other payables (excluding
                    receipt in advance and contingent
                    consideration)                            195,111                   —            195,111      195,111
                 Lease liabilities                              4,256                3,012             7,268        6,846
                 Convertible bonds                              1,069               31,693            32,762       27,509
                 Bank loans                                    59,582                   —             59,582       59,269

                                                              260,018               34,705           294,723      288,735

                                                                                  At 31 December 2020
                                                                          Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                                                 More than
                                                                                 1 year but
                                                          Within 1 year           less than                       Carrying
                                                         or on demand               5 years             Total      amount
                                                              US$’000             US$’000            US$’000      US$’000

                 Trade and other payables
                    (excluding receipt in advance)            138,665                   —            138,665      138,665
                 Lease liabilities                              4,674                7,677            12,351       11,572
                 Bank loans                                    56,827                   —             56,827       56,441

                                                              200,166                7,677           207,843      206,678


226 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                  Notes to the Financial Statements

                                              (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


29   Financial risk management and fair values (Continued)
     (c)   Interest rate risk
           The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from variable rates bank loans, which expose
           the Group to cash flow interest rate risk.

           (i)    Interest rate profile
                  The following table details the interest rate profile of the Group’s borrowings and
                  convertible bonds at the end of the reporting period:

                                                          2021                             2020
                                                  Effective                         Effective
                                              interest rate       US$’000       interest rate       US$’000

                  Variable rate borrowings:
                  Bank loans                   1.20–4.35%           57,701      4.00–4.79%           56,441


                  Fixed rate borrowings:
                  Bank loans                        4.35%            1,568                —              —
                  Other receivable                  5.00%            1,017                —              —
                  Convertible bonds                 9.16%           27,509                —              —

                                                                    30,094                               —

           (ii)   Sensitivity analysis
                  As at 31 December 2021, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 100 basis
                  points in interest rates, with all other variables held constant, would have decreased/
                  increased the Group’s profit after taxation for the period by approximately US$485,000
                  (2020: US$456,000) mainly as a result of higher/lower finance costs on bank loans.
                  The impact on the Group’s profit after taxation is estimated as an annualised impact
                  on interest expense of such a change in interest rates.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2021 227
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    29	Financial risk management and fair values (Continued)
          (d)    Currency risk
                 The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and purchases giving rise to
                 receivables, payables and cash balances that are denominated in a foreign currency (i.e.
                 a currency other than the functional currency of the operations to which the transactions
                 relate).

                 (i)    Exposure to currency risk
                        The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to
                        currency risk arising from recognised assets or liabilities denominated in a currency
                        other than the functional currency of the entity to which they relate. For presentation
                        purposes, the amounts of the exposure are shown in US$, translated using the spot
                        rates at the reporting period end date.

                        Differences resulting from the translation of the financial statements of foreign
                        operations into the Group’s presentation currency are excluded.

                                                                            At 31 December 2021
                                                                    RMB                HK$            Total
                                                                  US$’000           US$’000         US$’000

                        Trade and other receivables                    9,946           5,864          15,810
                        Cash and cash equivalents                        336           5,231           5,567
                        Trade and other payables                        (479)         (5,338)         (5,817)

                        Net exposure to currency risk                  9,803           5,757          15,560

                                                                            At 31 December 2020
                                                                     RMB               HK$             Total
                                                                  US$’000           US$’000         US$’000

                        Trade and other receivables                    46,451          5,724           52,175
                        Cash and cash equivalents                       2,912          2,643            5,555
                        Trade and other payables                      (23,361)        (1,077)         (24,438)

                        Net exposure to currency risk                 26,002           7,290          33,292




228 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                  Notes to the Financial Statements

                                              (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


29	Financial risk management and fair values (Continued)
    (d)	Currency risk (Continued)
          (ii)   Sensitivity analysis
                 A 5% strengthening of US$ against the following currencies at the reporting date
                 would increase/(decrease) (loss)/profit after taxation by the amounts shown below.
                 This analysis assumes that all other variables, including interest rates, remain constant.

                                                                                  2021                2020

                 RMB                                                               240               1,105
                 HK$                                                               417                 304

                 A 5% weakening of US$ against the above currencies would have had the equal but
                 opposite effect on the above currencies to the amounts shown above, on the basis
                 that all other variables remain constant.

    (e)   Fair value
          (i)    Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
                 Fair value hierarchy
                 The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments
                 measured at the reporting date on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level
                 fair value hierarchy as defined in IFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which
                 a fair value measurement is classified is determined with reference to the observability
                 and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

                 •     Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted
                       quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the
                       measurement date.

                 •     Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable
                       inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs.
                       Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available.

                 •     Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2021 229
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    29	Financial risk management and fair values (Continued)
          (e)	Fair value (Continued)
                 (i)	Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)
                        Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
                        The following table presents the Group’s financial assets and liabilities that are
                        measured at fair value at the reporting dates:

                        31 December 2021

                                                                   Level 1     Level 2    Level 3     Total
                                                                  US$’000     US$’000    US$’000    US$’000

                        Assets
                        Financial asset at FVPL                        488     13,374          —     13,862


                        Liabilities
                        Contingent consideration                         —          —        346        346
                        Derivative financial liabilities
                        — derivative component of
                            convertible bonds                            —     16,377          —     16,377

                        Total                                            —     16,377        346     16,723

                        31 December 2020

                                                                   Level 1     Level 2    Level 3      Total
                                                                  US$’000     US$’000    US$’000    US$’000

                        Assets
                        Financial asset at FVPL                       1,015     5,824     50,500     57,339

                        During the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021, there were no transfers
                        between Level 1 and Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3.




230 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                Notes to the Financial Statements

                                            (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


29	Financial risk management and fair values (Continued)
    (e)	Fair value (Continued)
         (i)	Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)
               Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 2 fair value measurements
               The financial assets at FVPL are not quoted in an active market. The fair value of
               financial assets at FVPL are the estimated amount that the Group would receive at
               the end of the reporting period, taking into account the current creditworthiness of the
               financial assets counterparties.

               Fair value of derivative component of convertible bonds is measured by using the
               Option Price Model. The major inputs used in the valuation model as at 31 December
               2021 are discount rate of 4.80% and expected volatility of 61.73%. The discount rate
               used is derived from the relevant US government yield curve as at the end of reporting
               period plus an adequate constant credit spread. The expected volatility is derived from
               average volatility of the Company since the listing date to the end of reporting period.

               The movement during the year in the balance of derivative financial liabilities is set out
               in note 22.

               The loss arising from the remeasurement of the derivative component of convertible
               bonds are presented in the “Change in fair value of derivative financial liabilities” line
               item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

               Information about Level 3 fair value measurements
               The fair value of the contingent consideration relating to the business combination of
               Reyun SaaS business are determined considering the expected shares needed to be
               issued under probability for cases of revenue as of 31 December 2022 assessed by
               management and option price estimated by the Black Scholes pricing model.

               The movement during the year in the balance of contingent consideration is as follows:

                                                                                                   2021
                                                                                                US$’000

               Balance at 1 January 2021                                                               —

               Assumed in a business combination                                                     346

               Balance at 31 December 2021                                                           346




                                                                                    Annual Report 2021 231
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    29	Financial risk management and fair values (Continued)
          (e)	Fair value (Continued)
                 (ii)   Fair value of financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value
                        The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised
                        cost were not materially different from their fair values as at 31 December 2020 and 31
                        December 2021 except for the following financial instruments, for which their carrying
                        amounts and fair value are disclosed below:

                                                         At 31 December 2021                 At 31 December 2020
                                                  Carrying amount         Fair value   Carrying amount         Fair value
                                                        US$’000           US$’000            US$’000          US$’000

                        Convertible bonds                   27,509           29,851                 —                 —

                        The fair value of the debt component of convertible bonds is estimated by discounting
                        the expected future cash flows using an equivalent market interest rate for a similar
                        convertible bond with consideration of the Group’s own non-performance risk.

    30    Commitments
          There was no new lease that is not yet commenced at 31 December 2021 (2020: a lease of 2
          years with lease payments amounted to US$6,674,000 per annum).

    31    Material related party transactions
          In addition to the related party information disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the
          Group entered into the following material related party transactions.

          During the year, the directors are of the view that the following are related parties of the Group:

          Name of party                                                                                  Relationships

          Seamless                                                                           Controlling shareholder

          Guangzhou Mobvista                                                               Ultimate controlling party

          Guangzhou Ruisou                                     Entity controlled by the ultimate controlling party

          Duanshi Investment                                     Indirectly wholly-owed by Mr. Duan, one of the
                                                                             executive directors of the Company

          Guangzhou Huichun Industrial Investment                    Indirectly wholly-owed by Mr. Cao, one of the
           Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Huichun”)                                      executive directors of the Company




232 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                  Notes to the Financial Statements

                                              (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


31	Material related party transactions (Continued)
    (a)   Balances with related parties
          As at 31 December 2020 and 2021, the Group had the following balances with related
          parties:

                                                                                 2021                2020
                                                                              US$’000             US$’000

          Lease liabilities
            — Guangzhou Ruisou                                                   4,587               7,986
            — Guangzhou Huichun                                                    302                 484
            — Duanshi Investment                                                   301                 567

                                                                                 5,190               9,037


          Other payables
            — Guangzhou Mobvista                                                    29                  30
            — Seamless                                                             163                 163

                                                                                   192                 193

    (b)   Key management personnel compensation
          Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the
          Company’s directors as disclosed in note 7 and certain of the highest paid employees as
          disclosed in note 8, is as follows:

                                                                                 2021                2020
                                                                              US$’000             US$’000

          Short-term employee benefits                                           1,561               1,589
          Discretionary bonus                                                       48                  84
          Share-based compensation expenses                                      2,128               3,667
          Contributions to retirement benefit scheme                                55                  18

                                                                                 3,792               5,358

          Total remuneration is included in “staff costs” (see note 5(b)).




                                                                                      Annual Report 2021 233
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    31	Material related party transactions (Continued)
          (c)    Leasing arrangement
                 In July 2018, the Group entered into a three-year lease in respect of certain leasehold
                 properties from Guangzhou Ruisou, Guangzhou Huichun and Duanshi Investment for
                 workplace usage. The total amounts of rent payable per month by the Group under the lease
                 are equivalent to US$226,000 in the first year, US$237,000 in the second year, US$249,000
                 in the third year respectively. As at 1 January 2019, the Group applied IFRS 16, Leases and
                 recognised the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of US$7,938,000 accordingly.

                 In January 2021, the leasing arrangement was modified, and the Group entered into a
                 renewed three-year lease with Guangzhou Ruisou, Guangzhou Huichun and Duanshi
                 Investment. The total amounts of rent payable per month by the Group under the modified
                 lease are equivalent to US$253,000 in the first year, US$265,000 in the second year,
                 US$278,000.00 in the third year respectively. As at 31 December 2021, the total amounts of
                 right-of-use assets and the amount of lease liabilities are US$5,367,000 and US $5,190,000
                 respectively.




234 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                   Notes to the Financial Statements

                                              (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


32   Company-level statement of financial position
                                                                       31 December           31 December
                                                                               2021                 2020
                                                              Note          US$’000              US$’000

     Non-current assets
     Investment in subsidiaries                                               212,218               93,303

                                                                              212,218               93,303

     Current assets
     Other receivables                                                          93,711            108,201
     Financial assets measured at fair value through profit
        or loss (FVPL)                                                           2,300              50,500
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                  78,161               1,584

                                                                              174,172             160,285

     Current liabilities
     Bank loans                                                                  4,000                  —
     Derivative financial liabilities                                           16,377                  —
     Other payables                                                             13,331               8,126

                                                                                33,708               8,126

     Net current assets                                                       140,464             152,159

     Total assets less current liabilities                                    352,682             245,462


     Non-current liabilities
     Convertible bonds                                                          27,509                   —

                                                                                27,509                   —


     NET ASSETS                                                               325,173             245,462


     Share capital                                            26               16,640              15,341
     Reserves                                                 27              308,533             230,121

     TOTAL EQUITY                                                             325,173             245,462




                                                                                      Annual Report 2021 235
    Notes to the Financial Statements

    (Expressed in United States dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    33    Non-adjusting events after the reporting period
          On 22 February 2022, the Business Restructuring Agreement relating to the media planning and
          procurement business of the Group set out in note 18 was approved by the extraordinary general
          meeting of the Company. On 3 March 2022, all the conditions precedent under the Business
          Restructuring Agreement have been fulfilled.

    34    Immediate and ultimate controlling party
          As at the date of this report, the directors consider the immediate controlling party of the Company
          to be Seamless, which is incorporated in BVI, and the ultimate controlling party of the Company to
          be Guangzhou Mobvista.

    35    Possible impact of amendments, new standards and interpretations
          issued but not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2021
          Up to date of issue of the financial statements, the IASB has issued a number of amendments
          and new standards, IFRS 17, Insurance contracts, which are not yet effective for the year ended
          31 December 2021 and which have not been adopted in these financial statements. These
          developments include the following which may be relevant to the Group:

                                                                                                 Effective for
                                                                                                  accounting
                                                                                                      periods
                                                                                                   beginning
                                                                                                  on or after

          Amendments to IFRS 3, Reference to the Conceptual Framework                           1 January 2022

          Amendments to IAS 16, Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended 1 January 2022
             Use

          Amendments to IAS 37, Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract               1 January 2022

          Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018–2020 Cycle                                          1 January 2022

          Amendments to IAS 1, Classification of liabilities as current or non-current          1 January 2023

          Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2, Disclosure of accounting           1 January 2023
             policies

          Amendments to IAS 8, Definition of accounting estimates                               1 January 2023

          Amendments to IAS 12, Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a   1 January 2023
             single transaction

          The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these amendments,
          new standards and interpretations is expected to be in the period of initial application. So far it has
          concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant impact on the consolidated
          financial statements.




236 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                DEFINITIONS


“AI”                                artificial intelligence

“AGM”                               annual general meeting

“app”                               a computer program designed to run on a mobile device

“Articles” or “Articles of          the articles of association of our Company as amended from time to
  Association”                      time

“Audit Committee”                   the audit committee of the Company

“Board”                             the board of Directors

“BVI”                               the British Virgin Islands

“CG Code” or “Corporate             the “Corporate Governance Code” as contained in Appendix 14 to
  Governance Code”                  the Listing Rules

“China”, “PRC” or “Mainland China” the People’s Republic of China, which for the purpose of this annual
                                   report only, excludes Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan

“Companies Law”                     the Companies Law, Cap 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and
                                    revised) of the Cayman Islands

“Company”, “our Company”,           Mobvista Inc. (匯 量 科 技 有 限 公 司), an exempted company with
  “the Company” or “Mobvista”       limited liability incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 16 April 2018

“connected person(s)”               has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Controlling Shareholders”          has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules and
                                    unless the context otherwise requires, refers to Seamless,
                                    Guangzhou Mobvista and Mr. Duan

“DAU”                               daily active user, in the context of DAUs of SDK, representing the
                                    number of unique mobile devices on which the codes of the app(s)
                                    integrating the SDK called the function in the SDK and resulted in
                                    an exchange of data between the app and the SDK platform on that
                                    day (multiple calls from the same device are only counted as one
                                    DAU)

“Director(s)”                       the director(s) of our Company or any one of them

“Duanshi Investment”                Duanshi Industrial Investment (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd., a company
                                    established in the PRC on 21 July 2017 and indirectly wholly-owned
                                    by Mr. Duan

“Employee RSU Scheme”               the restricted share unit scheme of the Company approved and
                                    adopted by our Board on 27 September 2018 and amended on 19
                                    November 2018

                                                                                    Annual Report 2021 237
    Definitions




    “FVPL”                     fair value through profit or loss

    “Game Analytics”           Game Analytics ApS, a Denmark-based company that operates a
                               SaaS game data analytics platform for game developers

    “GDPR”                     the General Data Protection Regulation

    “Group”, “our Group”, or   the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time
      “the Group”

    “Guangzhou Huichun”        Guangzhou Huichun Industrial Investment Co., Ltd., a company
                               established in the PRC with limited liabilities on 19 July 2017 and
                               indirectly wholly-owned by Mr. Cao

    “Guangzhou Huihong”        Guangzhou Huihong Capital Management Partnership (Limited
                               Partnership), a partnership established in the PRC on 28 June 2020
                               and controlled by Mr. Duan

    “Guangzhou Huimao”         Guangzhou Huimao Investment Management Center (Limited
                               Partnership), a partnership established in the PRC on 13 May 2015
                               and controlled by Mr. Duan

    “Guangzhou Huimu”          Guangzhou Huimu Asset Management Co., Ltd., a company
                               established in the PRC with limited liabilities on 27 December 2016
                               and is owned by Mr. Duan as to 70%

    “Guangzhou Huiqian”        Guangzhou Huiqian Investment Management Centre (Limited
                               Partnership), a partnership established in the PRC on 23 November
                               2015 and controlled by Mr. Cao

    “Guangzhou Huisui”         Guangzhou Huisui Investment Management Co., Ltd., a company
                               established in the PRC with limited liabilities on 8 May 2015 and is
                               owned by Mr. Duan as to 95%

    “Guangzhou Mobvista”       Mobvista Co., Ltd.* (廣州匯量網絡科技股份有限公司), a company
                               established in the PRC as a joint stock limited company on 15 July
                               2015 through conversion from a limited liability company, the shares
                               of which were delisted from the National Equities Exchange And
                               Quotations of the PRC on 8 June 2020

    “Guangzhou Ruisou”         Guangzhou Ruisou Information Technology Co., Ltd., a company
                               established in the PRC with limited liability on 7 November 2013
                               and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Guangzhou Mobvista

    “Hong Kong”                the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s
                               Republic of China




238 Mobvista Inc.
                                                                                    Definitions




“Hong Kong Branch Share      Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
  Registrar”

“Hong Kong dollars” or       Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
  “HK dollars” or “HK$”

“IFRS”                       the International Financial Reporting Standards, amendments
                             and interpretation issued from time to time by the International
                             Accounting Standards Board

“Latest Practicable Date”    25 April 2022, the latest date prior to the printing of this annual
                             report for ascertaining certain information in this annual report

“Listing Date”               12 December 2018, the date on which the Company was listed on
                             the Stock Exchange

“Listing Rules”              the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
                             Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (as amended, supplemented or
                             otherwise modified from time to time)

“Management RSU Scheme”      the restricted share unit scheme of the Company approved and
                             adopted by our Board on 19 November 2018

“Mobvista Technology”        Mobvista (Guangzhou) Technology Limited, a company established
                             in the PRC with limited liability on 2 April 2015 and an indirect
                             wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company

“Model Code”                 Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
                             Issuers set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules

“Mr. Cao”                    Mr. CAO Xiaohuan, one of our co-founders, an executive Director
                             and the chief executive officer of our Company

“Mr. Duan”                   Mr. DUAN Wei, our chairman, one of our co-founders, and an
                             executive Director of our Company

“Mr. Fang”                   Mr. FANG Zikai, an executive Director and the chief product officer
                             of our Company

“Nomination Committee”       the nomination committee of the Company

“programmatic advertising”   the automatic buying and selling of ad inventories and automatic ad
                             delivery through SDK or application programming interface

“Prospectus”                 the prospectus of the Company dated 30 November 2018

“Remuneration Committee”     the remuneration committee of the Company

“Reporting Period”           the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2021

                                                                           Annual Report 2021 239
    Definitions




    “RMB”                            Renminbi yuan, the lawful currency of China

    “RSU”                            a restricted share unit award granted to a participant under the RSU
                                     Schemes

    “RSU Schemes”                    the Employee RSU Scheme and the Management RSU Scheme

    “SaaS”                           software as a service, a way of delivering applications over the
                                     internet

    “SDK”                            software development kit, a set of software development tools that
                                     allows the creation of applications for a certain software package

    “Seamless”                       Seamless Technology Limited, a business company incorporated
                                     in the BVI with limited liability on 24 November 2014 and wholly-
                                     owned by Guangzhou Mobvista

    “Share(s)”                       ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company with a par
                                     value of US$0.01 each

    “Shareholder(s)”                 holder(s) of the Share(s)

    “Share Option Scheme”            the Share Option Scheme we conditionally adopted pursuant to a
                                     resolution passed by our Shareholders on 30 October 2018

    “Stock Exchange”                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

    “subsidiary” or “subsidiaries”   has the meaning ascribed thereto in section 15 of the Companies
                                     Ordinance

    “substantial shareholder(s)”     has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Listing Rules

    “U.S. dollars” or “US$”          United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

    “We”, “us” or “our”              our Company or our Group, as the context may require

    “%”                              per cent




240 Mobvista Inc.
