 (Incorporated in Bermuda with Limited Liability)
              Stock code: 0316.HK



ANNUAL REPORT 2018
Corporate Profile




                                           Corporate Profile
                                           Orient Overseas (International) Limited (“OOIL”), a company with US$6.6 billion
                                           in total revenues, has principal business activities in container transport and logistics
                                           services. Listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, the OOIL Group has more
                                           than 370 offices in over 80 countries/regions.

                                           Orient Overseas Container Line and OOCL are trade names for transportation
                                           provided separately by Orient Overseas Container Line Limited (“OOCLL”) and
                                           OOCL (Europe) Limited respectively and both are wholly-owned subsidiaries of
                                           OOIL. OOCL is one of the world’s largest integrated international transportation,
                                           logistics and terminal companies, and is an industry leader in the use of information
                                           technology and e-commerce to manage the entire cargo transport process. OOCL’s
                                           modern fleet today includes some of the youngest, largest, fuel efficient, and
                                           environmentally friendly vessels carrying cargo on hundreds of trade routes around
                                           the world, providing a vital link in Global Trade.


 Orient Overseas (International) Limited
 Annual Report 2018
      Contents
  1   Contents
  2   Financial Highlights
  3   Significant Events – 2018
 10   Chairman’s Statement
 14   Operations Review
 18   Major Customers and Suppliers
 24   Corporate Responsibility
 34   Financial Review
 50   Board of Directors
 56   Senior Management
 59   Shareholder Section
      59 Financial Calendar
      60 Shareholder Information
 62   Corporate Governance Report
 88   Report of the Directors
 99   Index – Financial Information
100   Independent Auditor’s Report
105   Consolidated Financial Statements
      105 Consolidated Profit and Loss Account
      106 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
      107 Consolidated Balance Sheet
      109 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
      110 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      111 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      175 Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
184   Other Information
      184 Fleet and Container Information
      187 10-Year Financial Summary
      188 Corporate Information




                                                                      Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                        Annual Report 2018      1
Financial Highlights


                                                                                                        Restated              Increase/
    US$M                                                                               2018                2017            (decrease) %
    Consolidated Profit and Loss
    Revenue                                                                            6,573                 5,982                    10%
    Operating profit                                                                     263                   238                    11%
    Revaluation of Wall Street Plaza                                                      40                    43                    (7%)
    Finance costs                                                                       (143)                  (97)                   47%
    Profit from continuing operations                                                     75                   147                   (49%)
    Profit before taxation (including discontinued operation)                            167                   150                    11%
    Profit for the year                                                                  108                   138                   (22%)

    Consolidated Balance Sheet
    Liquid assets                                                                   2,247                   2,534                    (11%)
    Property, plant and equipment                                                   5,880                   6,251                     (6%)
    Total assets                                                                   10,054                  10,069                     (0%)
    Borrowings                                                                      4,198                   4,554                     (8%)
    Total liabilities                                                               5,319                   5,387                     (1%)
    Ordinary shareholders’ equity                                                   4,735                   4,683                      1%

    Consolidated Net Cash Flow
    Operating activities                                                                453                    370                   22%
    Investing activities                                                               (451)                  (361)                  25%
    Financing activities                                                               (298)                   305                   N/M
    Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                               (296)                   314                   N/M

    Key Ratios
    Operating margin                                                                     4%                    4%                      0%
    Gross debt to equity                                                                0.89                  0.97                    (8%)
    Net debt to equity                                                                  0.41                  0.43                    (2%)
    Return on average ordinary shareholders’ equity                                      2%                    3%                     (1%)
    Earnings per ordinary share (US cents)                                              17.3                  22.0                   (21%)
    Net asset value per ordinary share (US dollar)                                      7.57                  7.48                     1%




         US$M                                                          US$

           300                                                  10%     10                                                     10%

                                                                                                                               8%
           200
                                                                         8
                                                                5%                                                             6%
           100
                                                                                                                               4%
                                                                         6

             0                                                  0%                                                             2%

                                                                         4                                                     0%
           -100
                                                                -5%                                                            -2%
                                                                         2
           -200
                                                                                                                               -4%

           -300                                                 -10%     0                                                     -6%

                    2014      2015      2016      2017   2018                   2014     2015    2016     2017    2018

                  Profit/(loss) for the year (L.H.S.)                        Net Asset Value per Ordinary Share (L.H.S.)
                  Operating margin (R.H.S.)                                  Return on Average Ordinary Shareholders’ Equity (R.H.S.)




       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
2      Annual Report 2018
                                                             Significant Events – 2018


JANUARY 1         2


                                                     OOCL inaugurated a new intermodal block train service with the first
                                                     shipment from Yiwu West Station to the Ningbo–Zhoushan Port. With
                                                     the support from the Ningbo–Zhoushan Port Group, Yiwu Municipal
                                                     Government and Shanghai Railway Bureau, OOCL can offer this service
                                                     on a weekly basis linking Yiwu to prominent markets such as the Middle
                                                     East, Africa, India and Pakistan which are all part of China’s Belt and
                                                     Road initiative.



                                             1




OOCL Indonesia , the last in the series of six 21,413
TEU containerships that OOCL ordered from Samsung
Heavy Industries, was christened and named by Mrs.
Shirley Peng and Mrs. Mary Liu on 17th January. OOCL
Indonesia began her maiden voyage in January and
joined her other five sister vessels on OOCL’s Asia–North
Europe Loop 1 (LL1) service.


                                                              2




                                                                                                       FEBRUARY 3




                                                            OOCL Logistics developed an online CO 2 Emission
                                                            Calculator which helps shippers to calculate an estimation
                                                            of their carbon footprint in their supply chains. The
                                                            calculations are based on trusted data published by the Clean
                                                            Cargo Working Group (CCWG) for sea shipments and the
                                                            Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs – UK
                                                            (DEFRA) for air shipments.



3




                                                                                   Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2018      3
Significant Events – 2018




                                                                                                                 MARCH 4

On 2nd March, our Kaohsiung Container Terminal received a Golden Vessel Award from the Taiwan International Ports
Corporation Ltd., for being one of the terminal operators that achieved more than 1 million TEU in annual throughput for the
year 2017, an impressive achievement during a very challenging industry environment.

OOCL extended its Mediterranean
ser vice network to the Middle                 4
E ast and Indian Sub continent
by int ro ducing a ne w Midd le
E a s t / P a k i s t a n / I n d i a – We s t
Mediterranean Ser vice (WM3)
providing direct linkage between
the Middle East, Pakistan, India,
Italy, Spain, France and Egypt with
more competitive and reliable
services than transshipment options
and the fastest transit time to the
West Mediterranean, particularly to
the Italian market. Together with its strategic hubs in Khor Al Fakkan and Jebel Ali connecting its services to various networks
in the region, OOCL can offer exceptional flexibility and more shipping options to their customers.

CargoSmart launched its Customer Innovation Centre to help shippers leverage the latest technologies and innovative
solution development methods to drive digital transformation. Experienced engineers specializing in areas such as Artificial
Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning, Internet of Things (IoT), and Application Program Interfaces (APIs) are committed to
helping shippers transform their businesses by exploring new opportunities in digitizing their shipment management process,
developing effective and customized applications, as well as to test and refine the solutions.

On 12th March, Orient Overseas (International) Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) announced a profit attributable to
equity holders for 2017 of US$137.7 million, compared to a loss of US$219.2 million in 2016.

OOCL Logistics expanded its service network into Columbia by setting up a representative office in its capital and largest city,
Bogota, to meet the needs of customers and in response to the growth of trade in South America.




                                                      APRIL

                                                      OOCL announced a new partnership with Microsoft Research Asia, the
                                                      world-class research arm of Microsoft, in providing cutting-edge Artificial
                                                      Intelligence (AI) solutions to improve network operations and achieve
                                                      efficiencies within the shipping industry. OOCL has always been a pioneer
                                                      in leveraging technology to make a real business impact and accelerate
                                                      customer value, in which AI is the key in our digital transformation vision.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
4    Annual Report 2018
                                                                                         Significant Events – 2018




                                                                                                              MAY 5       6


                                    OOCL was honoured with the “Hong Kong Awards for Environmental Excellence”
                                    that recognizes outstanding green management, innovation and commitments towards
                                    best practices within our industry sector. In addition to this achievement, OOCL also
                                    became one of the first recipients of the new “Outstanding Green Leadership Award”
                                    for being one of the top ten performers among 1,600 eligible applicants in 15 industry
                                    sectors demonstrating excellent performance in the aspect of green leadership.




                                                                                       OOCL received the “Outstanding
                                                                                       Performance in Port State Control
                                                                                       Inspection ” award for the year
                                                                                       2017 from the Hong Kong Marine
                                                                                       Department which recognizes
                                                                                       our strong performance in ship
                                                                                       management and for doing our
5                                     6                                                part in upholding the good
                                                                                       international standing of the Hong
                                                                                       Kong flag in the shipping and
                                                                                       maritime community.




JUNE 7

OOCL was very honoured to be the first carrier
in the international transportation and logistics
industry to receive the Gold Award at the 2017
BOCHK Corporate Environmental Leadership
Awards ceremony. This distinguished awards
program aims to acknowledge outstanding
participating organisations for their efforts in
promoting environmental and low-carbon best
practices in the manufacturing and services sectors
in Hong Kong and the Pan Pearl River Delta
region.

Further to COSCO and SIPG’s general offer to all
shareholders of OOIL to acquire all issued OOIL
shares subject to a set of “pre-conditions” on 9th       7
July, 2017, OOIL and COSCO jointly announced
on 29th June, 2018 that the last pre-condition,
clearance by China’s SAMR (State Administration
for Market Regulation, the successor agency
to MOFCOM on anti-trust matters), has been
fulfilled.




                                                                                    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2018      5
Significant Events – 2018




                                                                                                                       JULY 8

OOCL outperformed all ocean carriers and achieved the highest total score in the 2018 Canadian Shipper’s Choice Awards.
With a total of 459 carriers being evaluated by over 300 shippers, OOCL received the highest total score in the eight categories
being evaluated, including on-time performance, information technology, customer service and sustainable transportation
practices.

                                             On 24th July, COSCO Shipping Holdings Co. Limited completed the acquisition
                                             of shares from controlling shareholders in the offer to acquire Orient Overseas
                                             (International) Limited, which marks the change of controlling shareholder to COSCO
                                             Shipping Holdings Co. Limited.




    8




    AUGUST 9 10 11 12 13 14

    On 3rd August, Orient Overseas (International) Limited announced the formation of a new board of directors and chief
    executive officer positions. The board elected Mr. Xu Lirong as Chairman of OOIL and appointed Mr. Huang Xiaowen as the
    Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Wang Haimin was appointed as Co-Chief Executive Officer of OOCL while Mr. Andy Tung was
    re-designated as Co-Chief Executive Officer of OOCL.


             9                               10                           11                            12




    On 6th August, Orient Overseas (International) Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) announced a loss attributable to
    equity holders of US$10.3 million for the six-month period ended 30th June, 2018, compared to a profit of US$53.6 million for
    the same period in 2017.

    On 13th August, CargoSmart announced its initiative to form a Global Shipping Business Network (GSBN) Industry
    Consortium. The Consortium will be governed by a wide member participation base, such as carriers and terminal operators,
    with the goal of leveraging the latest technologies in Blockchain, IoT and Artificial Intelligence to establish a digital baseline
    for the future of shipping, where all the stakeholders in the supply chain, including financial institutions and customs agencies,
    will be able to collaborate more efficiently through GSBN. The first product is a blockchain-based solution for Dangerous
    Goods (DG) shipment documentation which streamlines the DG declaration and data validation process and thereby enabling
    all GSBN stakeholders the ability to provide innovative customer products or services.




        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
6       Annual Report 2018
                                                                                                Significant Events – 2018




OOCL Logistics launched an enhanced version of the Supply Chain – Insight,
an intelligence tool under the PODIUM® product line that offers near real-time
monitoring of supply chain performance, shipment process and KPI across various
dimensions. With newly developed reports on additional indicators and enhanced                                                           13
functionalities, the upgraded Supply Chain – Insight will help customers make better
supply chain decisions.

In our commitment to the environment and transparency, OOCL announced that its Green House Gas (GHG) Scope 3
reporting and verification had successfully been expanded to include indirect emissions from not only business travel by air for
employees of the Hong Kong office, but also from our two terminals, namely the Long Beach Container Terminal in the United
States, and the Kaohsiung Container Terminal in Taiwan.

                                                                                    OOCL proudly received the 2018
                                                                                    Singapore Environmental Achievement
                                                                                    Award (Regional) at a ceremony held by
                                                                                    the Singapore Environment Council ’ s
                                                                                    (SEC) Conference Day event on 30th
                                                                                    August. The SEAA (Regional) Award
                                                                                    category recognizes local or international
                                                                                    c o mp a n i e s a n d o r g a n i s at i o n s w i t h
                                                                                    outstanding environmental performance in
                                                                                    Asia.




  14




   SEPTEMBER 15


                                                                           15


   OOCL introduced new Asia–East Africa products, namely the
   Asia–East Africa Service 1 (EAX1), Asia–East Africa Service 2
   (EAX2), Asia–East Africa Service 3 (EAX3) and Asia–East Africa
   Service 4 (EAX4) with direct calls to strategic ports to expand
   our business network in the East African market while meeting
   the growing demand for quality services in the region.




                                                                                          Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2018                7
Significant Events – 2018




    OCTOBER 16 17 18


                                                     16
    To expand our business network in the Latin
    America market and to meet the growing
    demand for quality services in this region,
    OOCL introduced new Asia–Latin America
    products, namely the Transpacific Latin
    Pacific 1 (TLP1) and Transpacific Latin
    Pacific 2 (TLP2) from October.




      17
                                                                           In the continual expansion of our business network
                                                                           in the African market, OOCL introduced new
                                                                           West Africa direct services, namely the West Africa
                                                                           Service 1 (WAF1), West Africa Service 3 (WAF3)
                                                                           and Mediterranean – West Africa (MAF). These
                                                                           new products provide customers with competitive
                                                                           and reliable services between West Africa and Asia
                                                                           and the West Mediterranean.




                                        18



                                     On 29th October, OOCL was presented with 11 Automated Mutual-Assistance Vessel Rescue
                                     System (AMVER) Awards for the year 2017 at the annual Hong Kong Shipowners Association
                                     Luncheon. Sponsored by the United States Coast Guard (USCG), AMVER is a worldwide
                                     voluntary program that facilitates the rapid engagement of merchant ships in rescue
                                     operations at sea.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
8    Annual Report 2018
                                                                                          Significant Events – 2018




                                                                                                    NOVEMBER 19 20

On 6t h Novemb er, nine le ading o ce an c ar r iers
                                                              19
and terminal operators signed a Memorandum of
Understanding at the China International Import Expo
2018 in Shanghai to form a consortium to develop the
Global Shipping Business Network (GSBN), an open
digital platform based on distributed ledger technology.
The participants include ocean carriers CMA CGM,
COSCO SHIPPING Lines, Evergreen Marine, OOCL,
and Yang Ming; terminal operators DP World, Hutchison
Ports, PSA International Pte Ltd, and Shanghai
International Port; and software solutions provider
CargoSmart. The new platform will establish a digital
baseline that aims to connect all stakeholders to enable
collaborative innovation and digital transformation in the
supply chain.

                                                             OOCL announced new South Africa direct services, namely the
  20
                                                             South Africa Service 1 (SAF1), South Africa Service 2 (SAF2),
                                                             South Africa Service 3 (SAF3) to further expand our African
                                                             service network to South Africa with direct calls to strategic
                                                             ports including Durban, Cape Town and Port Elizabeth.

                                                             On 22nd November, OOCL Australia was presented with the
                                                             Shipping Line – North East Asia Trade Award and the Liner
                                                             Customer Service Award at the Australian Shipping & Maritime
                                                             Industry Awards 2018 hosted by the Daily Cargo News.




   DECEMBER 21 22 23

                                                                         On 4th December, OOCL was presented with two
                                                                         “ Best Container Liner Award 2018 ” by the Thai
                                                                         National Shippers’ Council (TNSC) to recognize our
                                                                         outstanding performance in the “North America”
                                                                         and “Far East Asia and ASEAN” service routes. This
                                                                         annual awards program is given to container liners
                                                                         that are evaluated by Thai exporters on 18 criteria,
                               21                                  22    including vessel schedule frequency, on-time delivery,
                                                                         and equipment availability.




   OOCL received resounding applause from industry peers for the coveted
   Company of the Year win at the Lloyd’s List Global Awards ceremony in
   London on 11th December. This top honour in the awards program pays
   tribute to an organisation with marked achievements in areas such as
   operational excellence, digital innovation and for maintaining an outstanding
   reputation in the industry.
                                                                                                                               23




                                                                                     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2018           9
Chairman’s Statement




     I would like to express my sincere
     gratitude to all our shareholders and
     customers around the world for their
     continuous attention and support
     to OOIL. Meanwhile, I would also
     like to thank our entire staff, both
     onshore and offshore, for their
     diligence and steadfastness in helping
     OOIL achieve such good results in
     2018, especially in the second half of
     the year.

     Captain Xu Lirong
     Chairman



      Orient Overseas (International) Limited
10    Annual Report 2018
                                                                                                     Chairman’s Statement



Dear shareholders,                                                  PRAGMATISM AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP
                                                                    TO IMPROVE EFFICIENCY AND ACHIEVE
First of all, on behalf of the Board and the management of
Orient Overseas (International) Limited (“OOIL”), I would           PROFITABILITY
like to express my sincere gratitude to all our shareholders and    Looking back to 2018, the global economy continued to
customers around the world for their continuous attention and
                                                                    recover, but growth momentum slowed down. Several negative
support to OOIL. Meanwhile, I would also like to thank our
entire staff, both onshore and offshore, for their diligence and    economic factors, such as the concentration of vessel deliveries
steadfastness in helping OOIL achieve such good results in          in the first half of the year, the significant rise of the oil price,
2018, especially in the second half of the year.                    and escalating trade frictions, resulted in a decrease in the
                                                                    overall financial performance of the container liner industry as
I would also like, once again, to welcome all employees and
other stakeholders of the OOIL group to COSCO SHIPPING              compared to 2017, especially in the first half of the year.
Group. I thank you for your efforts and co-operation in
taking our first steps together, and I look forward to building,    During the Reporting Period, enjoying the benefit of being
together with you, a strong future for OOIL at the core business
                                                                    part of COSCO SHIPPING Group, we took a pragmatic and
development of COSCO SHIPPING Group.
                                                                    entrepreneurial approach to overcoming the effects of these
JOINING COSCO SHIPPING GROUP IS A                                   adverse market factors and focused carefully on our targeted
MOMENTOUS STEP FORWARD                                              strategies in our various markets.
2018 was a landmark year in the development of OOIL. In July,
COSCO SHIPPING Holdings successfully acquired OOIL, with
                                                                    I am pleased to report that OOIL recorded a net profit
the new combined group stepping up in terms of total capacity
and joining the top three in the industry. As at the end of 2018,   attributable to shareholders for 2018 of US$108.2 million,
the combined group operated a fleet comprising 477 container        (2017: US$137.7 million).
vessels with total shipping capacity of 2.76 million TEUs, and
had an order book of nearly 180,000 TEUs.
                                                                    During the second half of the year, OOIL showed remarkable
The acquisition effectively integrated the global network           improvement in the operation efficiency, the synergy effect
advantage of OOCL and COSCO SHIPPING Lines under                    after the acquisition is initially revealed.
COSCO SHIPPING Holdings, beneficial to fully achieving
the synergies between the two sides, enriching the product
                                                                    On this basis, it is proposed that a final dividend of US7.7 cents
selection for customers and allowing customers to enjoy a
better service experience.                                          (HK$0.601) per share be paid for 2018 (2017: Nil).

OOIL has an outstanding management team, a brand trusted            OOCL managed to achieve good levels of growth, especially
by customers, and efficient management systems. In order to
                                                                    in the main East West tradelanes, outperforming market
develop these valuable intangible assets in the best possible
way, COSCO SHIPPING Holdings formulated a “dual-brand”              growth levels while managing to avoid a detrimental effect
strategy, which will facilitate synergistic development of the      on profitability. Overall volume growth in 2018 was 6.3%,
“dual-brand” container shipping business.                           compared to 3.6% in 2017.

OOCL and COSCO SHIPPING Lines cooperated closely
with each other to explore and gradually to achieve synergies       OOCL continues to have a strong focus on Intra-Asian trades
in a number of areas, including fleet and network planning,         as well as playing a leading role in other global trades such as
procurement, container management, IT, commercial co-               the Trans-Pacific. We continue to develop market opportunities
ordination and marine operations. In the second half of 2018,
                                                                    in Intra-Asia, Intra-Europe and other regional trades, and are
both companies recorded good operating results. The “dual-
brand” strategy also provides a bigger and stronger platform        working closely with COSCO SHIPPING Lines to participate
for OOCL to further enhance its competitive advantages.             fully and effectively in the Belt and Road Initiative.




                                                                                           Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2018       11
Chairman’s Statement



PROMOTING THE DIGITALISATION TO                                    OUTLOOK FOR 2019
ENHANCE SERVICE STANDARDS AND                                      Looking forward to 2019, I am cautiously optimistic about
CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE
                                                                   the global economy and the shipping environment as both
In November 2018, COSCO SHIPPING Lines, OOCL and                   challenges and opportunities are lying ahead. Challenges
several other world leading ocean carriers and terminal
                                                                   include 1) a slowdown in the global economy, as reflected by
operators signed a letter of intent for the establishment of
                                                                   the adjustment of the global economic growth forecast for 2019
the Global Shipping Business Network (GSBN), an open
digital platform in the shipping industry based on blockchain      from 3.7% downwards to 3.5% by the International Monetary
technology, with the aim to jointly promote the establishment      Fund (IMF) in January; 2) the many uncertainties that may
and information sharing of digital standards and improve the       negatively affect shipping, including trade frictions, high oil
operational efficiency and the quality of customer service of      price, and etc.; 3) the industry’s supply-demand imbalance,
the industry. The software solutions of the shipping blockchain    especially the overcapacity in some markets. The favourable
consortium which is the core technology application will be        conditions and positive factors include 1) the growth drivers
developed and provided by CargoSmart, a subsidiary of OOIL.
                                                                   of China economy remain stable and strong; 2) a more open
                                                                   China provides new driving forces for the development of
EXPANDING OUR LOGISTICS ACTIVITIES
                                                                   the global free trade; 3) the Belt and Road Initiative creates
Through OOCL Logistics, the Group continues to expand its
                                                                   significant opportunities for the development of the world
reach into the full breadth of the supply chain. This growing
                                                                   economy, and with the construction of the Belt and Road being
part of the OOIL group provides new business opportunities
                                                                   further deepened worldwide, emerging markets represented
and diversification, as well as consistent profitability through
excellence in customer service, as well as reliability and         by Southeast Asia, Middle East, Central and South America
advanced technological solutions.                                  and West Africa could be further developed, thereby driving
                                                                   the global economic growth; and 4) the capacity growth of
Our logistics business is not limited to marine transportation,    container shipping tends to slow down, thus may help alleviate
and provides access to air and the growing rail freight markets    the pressure on supply side.
as well as to seaborne activities. It also manages warehousing
and other land-based supply chain activities.
                                                                   At the time of writing, we are of the opinion that the
                                                                   development of shipping industr y has the following
We continue to grow OOCL Logistics both in our home
markets and in a number of selected areas, including the fast-     characteristics. Firstly, the macro economy has been changing
moving economies of South East Asia.                               while the “trade position” of the shipping industry remains
                                                                   unchanged; secondly, the factor market of the industry has
IMPORTANCE OF ENVIRONMENTAL AND                                    been changing while the “service essence” of the shipping
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY                                              industry remains unchanged; thirdly, the competitive landscape
As des cr ib e d els e w here in t his rep or t, we t ake our      of enterprises has been changing while the “value concept” of
responsibilities as part of society very seriously. We continue    the shipping industry remains unchanged. The way to adapt to
to commit to identifying and implementing ways to increase         various kinds of changes is to grasp their essence. The shipping
efficiency and reduce consumption in terms of fuel, and            industry can adapt to market changes and achieve sustainable
continue to study in great depth the implications of the IMO’s
                                                                   development only by adhering to the principle of customer
2020 regulations extremely carefully. OOCL has a long history
                                                                   orientation, persisting on the service essence and sticking to
of winning environmental awards, and we look forward not
                                                                   the philosophy of mutual benefits and win-win.
only to continuing to respect all applicable regulations, but to
continuing to be ahead of the curve in managing the impact of
shipping.                                                          On the implementation of the dual-brand strategy, OOCL aim
                                                                   for achieving further synergy benefits and improving service
We are proud to encourage our staff to participate in charitable   quality. In order to bring greater synergistic benefit for the
activities in their local communities, and we attach high          combined group, we will focus on accelerating the integration
priority to our responsibilities as an employer and participant    of equipment management, procurement, IT systems and
in the life of the areas in which we work.
                                                                   network planning.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
12   Annual Report 2018
                                                                            Chairman’s Statement



On the implementation of the digitalisation strategy, the
Company will use digital technology not only to meet but
also guide and create customer demand, bring new experience
to customers and create value for customers. The Company
will actively establish digital operation support systems and
innovate business model and service products through a
combined application of new technologies such as big data,
AI, E-commerce platform and blockchain, so as to constantly
improve the operational efficiency and service quality of supply
chain.

On the implementation of the end-to-end strategy, the
Company will design and launch more end-to-end services
and products, accelerate the development of extended services
and endeavour to enhance the capacity in the one-stop
transportation services. In respect of railway transportation,
the Company will include more countries in Central and
Eastern Europe into the service scope of the China-European
Sea-rail Express, focus on integrated logistics solutions,
develop more end-to-end customers and complement the
advantages of OOCL Logistics, accomplish the design,
construction and management of end-to-end service channels
and solve the “last mile” problem.

“All rivers eventually flow into the sea in despite of different
sources.” In the new year, OOIL as an integral part of the
container shipping business of China COSCO SHIPPING
Group, will, together with parties from various fields, continue
to work proactively and diligently, constantly improving
development quality, offering customers ever-improving
services, and creating greater value for our shareholders.

Captain Xu Lirong
Chairman

Hong Kong, 22nd March 2019




                                                                   Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                     Annual Report 2018      13
Operations Review


     Just as was the case in 2017, 2018 was
     a year of strong growth for OOCL,
     especially in the Asia-Europe and
     Trans-Pacific trades.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
14   Annual Report 2018
                                                                             Operations Review



                                         CONTAINER TRANSPORT
                                         The company faced conditions during 2018 that started by
                                         being slightly worse than expected, but that by the second half
                                         of the year were considerably better than expected.

                                         The first real signs that 2018 might not be quite as easily
                                         predictable occurred after the usual pre-Chinese New Year
                                         rush.

                                         The long post-holiday lull and the increase in market capacity
                                         since late 2017, together with freight rates that had not risen
                                         massively year on year, meant that OOIL and indeed most
                                         of the industry, facing a bunker price that was much higher
                                         in the first half of 2018 than it had been one year previously,
                                         produced an interim financial result that was relatively flat.

                                         Thereafter, as we approached the end of the first half, the
                                         strength of the US economy was becoming increasingly clear.
                                         This translated into better volumes on the Trans-Pacific trade.

                                         Part of that increase could well have been generated by some
                                         level of front loading of orders by US importers, aiming
                                         to import goods early in order to avoid the cost of tariffs
                                         potentially being implemented at a later date.

                                         While there has been some level of increase, although nothing
                                         extraordinary, in US inventory levels in recent periods, it seems
                                         to be that the strength of US consumer sentiment, thus far at
                                         least, has avoided the worst of the threat that high inventory
                                         levels could generate for our prospects in the Trans-Pacific
                                         trade in 2019.

                                         At the time of writing, there seem to be signs that the US and
                                         China will reach some form of new accord in terms of trade
                                         between these two countries. If so, then this would certainly
                                         mitigate a risk factor for 2019. However, as noted in previous
                                         reports, trade barriers of whatever nature are at best a cap on
                                         growth for container shipping, but if the US economy were to
                                         see a downturn, then the combination of that with new tariffs
                                         could potentially have a much more tangible negative effect.




Courtesy of the Panama Canal Authority                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                Annual Report 2018      15
Operations Review



                                                                      As we approach the end of the second year of operation of the
                                                                      Ocean Alliance, we can clearly feel the benefits that alliance
                                                                      membership brings in terms of network planning, network
                                                                      scope, vessel utilisation and the management of business risk.
                                                                      With plans for the third year of the alliance’s operation already
                                                                      well advanced, we look forward to further benefit.

                                                                      However, now being part of the COSCO group, we have
                                                                      access to scale, and to a scale of network, that gives us a very
                                                                      significant additional means of achieving successful growth.
                                                                      We also benefit by having much wider coverage of different
                                                                      trade lanes and geographies, not least through access to
                                                                      capacity on India to Europe routes, but also into the Latin
                                                                      American and African markets.

                                                                      Just as was the case in 2017, 2018 was a year of strong growth
                                                                      for OOCL, especially in the Asia-Europe and Trans-Pacific
Costs remain under control. Indeed, during the last months            trades. For the full year 2018, OOCL’s liftings were up 6.3%
of 2018, following our integration within the COSCO group,            overall, but 8.9% on Trans-Pacific and 14.5% on Asia-Europe.
we began to see the first fruits of cost savings arising from         For the second year in a row, this growth outpaced the volume
the various synergy projects under way. By means of close co-         growth seen in the market as a whole.
operation, through the synergy benefits of network planning,
equipment management, IT and joint procurement, OOCL,                 2018 saw a strong performance from our terminal in Long
along with COSCO, will generate considerable recurring                Beach, California. The second phase of the terminal has
efficiencies, which will enhance our ability to serve all of our      now been operational for a year, and all those carefully
stakeholders, whether customers, shareholders, creditors or           planned designs using the latest technology and the most
employees.                                                            environmentally friendly techniques have been proven to bear
                                                                      fruit. It is public knowledge that we are required to sell our
Bunker prices, although higher in the first half of 2018 than         interest in the Long Beach terminal, and we expect to be able to
in recent years, began to fall significantly in the last quarter of   do this within the coming months.
the year. This provided some degree of support, but did not
have a particularly marked effect on the financial results, for
the reason that there is typically a one-to-two-month delay
between the date of bunkering and the reporting month when
that bunkering cost hits the profit and loss account.

For many years now, we have commented on the benefits of
alliance membership. Our situation within the Ocean Alliance
continues to provide us significant advantage, and ensures that
we are able to offer a broad, high-quality service network to
our customers.




                                                                                             Growth in 2018
 OOCL Liner                                                                       TEU              Revenue           Revenue/TEU
 1Q18 v 1Q17                                                                      7.5%                16.3%                  8.3%
 2Q18 v 2Q17                                                                      4.6%                 4.0%                 (0.6%)
 3Q18 v 3Q17                                                                      6.9%                 7.0%                  0.1%
 4Q18 v 4Q17                                                                      6.4%                13.5%                  6.7%
 Total                                                                            6.3%                 9.9%                  3.4%




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
16   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                                               Operations Review




                                                             LIFTING (’000 TEU)                            REVENUE (US$ million)
 Trade                                               2018                2017       Variance           2018             2017       Variance
 Trans-Pacific                                       1,974              1,812          8.9%            2,437            2,067        17.9%
 Asia-Europe                                         1,302              1,138         14.5%            1,187            1,102         7.7%
 Trans-Atlantic                                        426                430         (0.9%)             514              495         3.9%
 Intra-Asia/Australasia                              2,995              2,919          2.6%            1,825            1,761         3.7%
 Total                                               6,697              6,299          6.3%            5,963            5,425            9.9%


                                                                        Asia-Europe – The overall economic performance of the
                                                                        European economies was less solid that of the US, especially
                                                                        in the second half of the year. The Asia-Europe trade as a
                                                                        whole simply did not see the strong growth that was seen on
                                                                        the Trans-Pacific trades, even if OOCL did indeed manage to
                                                                        achieve very impressive volume growth in both trade lanes.

                                                                        With few exceptions, growth in the major European economies
                                                                        was negative or at best limited. Among the better performers
                                                                        were Germany and the UK, but even there, growth was in very
                                                                        low single digits.

                                                                        As a result of these market pressures, freight rates experienced
                                                                        some degree of downward pressure as the year went on, with
                                                                        cargo volume growth not being sufficient to offset a significant
Trans-Pacific – This trade was marked by an unusually strong            introduction of new supply deployed on the Asia-Europe trade.
second half of the year, for the reasons described above. Not           Nevertheless, liftings increased 14.5% compared to the same
only was the traditional July-September Peak Season stronger            period last year, the highest growth rate in any of our trades.
than had been seen for several years, but the post-Peak Season          Revenue increased by 7.7%, being negatively impacted by a
slowdown failed to materialise. Load factors remained strong            5.9% decrease in revenue per TEU.
throughout the second half of the year, and even although
freight rates did fall, they fell only to a level that exceeded         Our own growth against a difficult market backdrop was
the best rates seen in 2017. The progress in terms of year-on-          driven both by strong commercial performance but also by
year comparison is clear, but it should not be forgotten that           means of Ocean Alliance membership, and growth of our
the levels seen in 2018 are not by any means record breaking            fleet. Our capacity, and indeed our unit cost efficiency, were
compared to previous years.                                             enhanced by the benefit of essentially a full year of operation
                                                                        of our six 21,413 TEU vessels, delivered between May 2017 and
Although there appears to be continuing strength in the US              January 2018.
economy, it is right to be cautious about our prospects in the
Transpacific trade in 2019. At the time of writing, we simply
do not know the degree to which US imports might suffer a
post-Chinese New Year slowdown in 2019, nor can we be sure
about how the higher volumes seen at the end of 2018 will
affect volumes in the coming months. Risk factors such as
discussed above, noticeably resolution of the “Trade War” and
the sustainability of the current strong performance of the US
economy create ongoing uncertainty in 2019.

OOCL’s market share of Trans-Pacific cargo is now 6.7%, the
highest it has ever been, following another year of solid growth
for our Trans-Pacific trade. We anticipate that 2019 could be a
year of further growth, albeit likely at a more modest rate than
in recent years for OOCL on this tradelane, but market risk
factors bring considerable uncertainty to this view.




                                                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018        17
Operations Review




Much is written about the potential effect of Brexit on               MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
international trade. It is certainly a risk factor, and, as at the
time of writing, much uncertainty remains. However, as a              Approximately 8.2% and 20.7% of the Group ’ s total
global container shipping company engaged in trade between            expenditure on purchases of goods and services for the year
countries with all manner of trading arrangements, we consider        are attributable to the largest supplier and five largest suppliers
that we will have relatively little direct exposure to any negative   respectively.
impacts, if indeed there are any negative impacts. Our Intra-
Europe business is relatively small as a proportion of our total
business, and indeed carries relatively minor volumes between         Approximately 1.4% and 5.9% of the Group’s total reported
the EU and the UK.                                                    revenues for the year are attributable to the largest customer
Trans-Atlantic – Benefits of heightened consumer and                  and five largest customers respectively.
corporate spending in US drove increased industry volume
growth of 4.4% across the trade.                                      The Group has entered into slot sharing arrangements
However, the now established trend of increasing imbalance            with other container shipping companies. The receipts and
between the eastbound and westbound legs of this trade                payments from slot sharing arrangements have not been
continued, reducing overall profitability. The strength of the        included in determining the major customers and suppliers
US economy as against the relative lack of growth in Europe           since it would be misleading to do so as the receipts and
did nothing to bring a halt to this pattern.                          payments are in respect of sharing arrangements for the
Intra-Asia and Australasia – Improved market conditions               utilisation of vessel space.
in the Intra-Asia trade reflected the gradual and prolonged
recovery of the large East/West trades, as well as that of the        No director or any of his associates holds any equity interest in
larger North Asia economies. Speculation of a slowing Chinese
economy has not been seen to impact industry volume growth.           the suppliers or customers included above.

A resurgence in Australian trades, most notably in the first
half, drove further improvements in trade volumes and a
higher average freight rates in 2018. The Australian economy,
very much affected by commodity cycles, has seen a rebound in
pricing for some of its major export minerals, translating to an
improved economic environment. Australia continues its 27-
year unbroken record of economic growth.
Routes to parts of the Middle East and the Indian subcontinent
suffered from a challenging market environment during the
year. It is thought that these markets will continue to face
difficulties in 2019. In an effort to respond to this, we have
found a way to meet market levels of demand in a more cost-
effective way, by conducting a detailed tradelane by tradelane
review of poorly performing routes in these regions, and for
the Middle East by introducing the largest vessels of 20,000
TEU in order to benefit from the greater cost efficiency
available through upsizing.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
18   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                                     Operations Review



MARINE TERMINALS
During 2018, OOCL operated two container terminals:
the Long Beach Container Terminal in California and the
Kaohsiung Container Terminal in Taiwan, with a total
combined throughput of 2.8 million TEU, representing a
year over year increase of about 4%. Tianjin Port Alliance
International Container Terminal Co., Ltd. and Ningbo
Yuandong Terminal Ltd., where OOCL has a 20% interest in
each, together handled about 4.8 million TEU, a 5% decrease
over 2017.

Middle Harbor Redevelopment Project
OOCL and its subsidiary LBCT continue to work with the Port
of Long Beach (POLB) on the Middle Harbor Redevelopment
                                                                  During the year, the Group took delivery of the sixth (and the
Project (MHRP) in Long Beach, California. The project is to be
                                                                  last) of a total of six “Giga” Class 21,413 TEU vessels from the
developed in three phases. Phase I went live in April 2016 and
                                                                  Samsung Heavy Industries Shipyard in South Korea, namely
Phase II October of 2017. Both phases are fully automated and
                                                                  the OOCL Indonesia . All six “Giga” Class vessels had been
have been operating successfully serving two full Trans-Pacific
                                                                  deployed into service on the Asia-Europe Trade and they broke
services. Through continuous improvement, LBCT has become
                                                                  the world record as the largest containerships by carrying
one of the most operationally efficient and environmentally
                                                                  capacity, marking an important milestone for the Group.
friendly port terminals anywhere in the world.
                                                                  No order for new buildings were placed during the year.
Under an agreement with the US Government as a result of
COSCO Shipping Holding’s acquisition of OOIL, LBCT was            As of the end of 2018, OOCL owned vessels with an average
put into a US Government appointed Trust in July 2018 for         age of 8.77 years and an average size of 8,915 TEU.
divestiture.
                                                                  Bunker Cost/Saving
SHIP OPERATIONS                                                   Bunker prices were quite volatile during 2018, with an
As at 31st December, 2018, the OOCL fleet composition was as      upward trajectory in the first half of the year and then moving
follows:                                                          downwards since September followed by a sharp drop in price.
                                                                  We continued to place intense focus on bunker and engine
 Fleet                      No. of Vessels    TEU Capacity        lubricant oil saving programs for cost savings during the year.
                                                                  Other fuel saving programs include, but not limited to: optimal
 Owned/
                                                                  routing, continuous speed optimisation, efficient use of shaft
   Long Term Chartered/
                                                                  generator, maintaining optimal trim, and using minimal ballast
   Operating Lease                      68           585,035
                                                                  water for fuel efficiency.
 Short Term Chartered                   33           116,428
 Operating Capacity                    101           701,463      In regards to the new low sulphur fuel regulation effective on
                                                                  1st January, 2020, we anticipate higher bunker costs may begin
                                                                  to impact across the industry from the second half of 2019.
                                                                  Under this regulation, 0.5% low sulphur fuel oil or cleaner
                                                                  alternatives are required to be used by all ocean-going vessels
                                                                  and in order to meet the deadline, many vessels are expected to
                                                                  make the transition by the end of the year. In preparation for
                                                                  this change, we have placed emphasis on introducing a fuel cost
                                                                  surcharge to our longer term commercial contracts, in order
                                                                  to help recover the increase in expense. The degree of recovery
                                                                  possible will be affected by the strength of the freight market
                                                                  during contract negotiations. Separately, we are also reviewing
                                                                  implementing scrubber technology as a means of allow our
                                                                  ships to continue to burn lower cost high sulphur fuel.

                                                                  In this higher fuel cost environment, teamwork, and close
                                                                  collaboration by all concerned parties both on and off-shore
                                                                  will continue to be key to our success.


                                                                                       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2018      19
Operations Review



                                                                    LOGISTICS
                                                                    In 2018, OOCL Logistics’ revenue, gross profit and net profit
                                                                    before tax increased by 8.8%, 6.9% and 17.5% respectively.

                                                                    For our International Supply Chain Management services,
                                                                    existing customers were instrumental to our revenue and
                                                                    contribution growth in 2018. We spent much effort helping
                                                                    clients enhance their supply chain visibility and efficiency,
                                                                    optimize operation network, and reduce supply chain cost
                                                                    by using our innovative solutions and systems such as
                                                                    the powerful features from our Podium platform and the
                                                                    Intelligent Report System. Our dedication to quality and
                                                                    providing best-in-class services and reliable products further
                                                                    strengthened the quality mark in our brand and thus the
                                                                    customer’s confidence in OOCL Logistics.
Environmental Protection
We remain very supportive of international efforts to measure       There has been marked performance improvements in our sea-
and control shipboard emissions. In 2018, we maintained an          freight NVOCC (Non-Vessel Operating Common Carrier)
average sulphur content of 2.63% in our bunker consumption          business in 2018, particularly from the increase of freight
which compares favourably with the International Maritime           rates as well as business growth in Russia, North Europe,
Organization’s (IMO) prescribed standard of 3.5%. Aside             Southeast Asia and the US regions. High growth on air-freight
from the installation of Alternative Maritime Power (AMP)           forwarding business also continued in 2018. The business of
system that allows shore-based power alternatives, our new          Customs House Brokerage grew drastically in 2018.
buildings have been equipped with Ballast Water Treatment
systems to effectively treat ballast water, which is in line with
our environmental policy. A retrofit program is also underway
to allow some of our existing vessels to improve fuel efficiency
which ultimately helps to reduce emissions.

In addition to regulator y compliance, we have been
participating in various voluntary programs including the
Green Flag Program at the Port of Long Beach, Vessel Speed
Reduction Program at the Port of Los Angeles, as well as AMP
Shore Power systems at various ports in US West Coast and
China including the Shenzhen Port Green Convention initiated
by the Shenzhen Transportation Commission (SZMOT) in
China.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
20   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                                         Operations Review



                                                                      INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
                                                                      The Global IT standardization and centralization management
                                                                      synergy areas between OOCL and COSCO Shipping Lines,
                                                                      covering areas such as data centers, global infrastructure, and
                                                                      cyber security, delivers a single IT standard for both companies
                                                                      to achieve higher availability and security platform to enhance
                                                                      business operations. The unified IT operation analytics layer
                                                                      will raise the level of IT automation and early discovery of any
                                                                      potential issues that needs to be addressed. By leveraging on
                                                                      Microsoft technologies, an enhanced collaboration platform
                                                                      has been developed to enable closer communication and
                                                                      collaboration among both companies and thereby improve our
                                                                      business agility and productivity levels. An integrated hosting
                                                                      service will also be developed to support both company’s
                                                                      enterprise applications and IT operation.

                                                                      To help realize the synergy from managing a pooled container
                                                                      inventory between OOCL and COSCO Shipping Lines,
                                                                      an Equipment Pool System was launched to strengthen
                                                                      the visibility of both companies’ inventory and imbalance
                                                                      situations which greatly helped improve the efficiency of
                                                                      empty container repositioning and identified a number of
                                                                      other related collaborative opportunities. This system not
                                                                      only improved our equipment management cost efficiency,
                                                                      but also enhanced the overall inventory management of the
                                                                      container pool by lowering the buffer stock level and helping
                                                                      us maintain a leaner equipment fleet. Moreover, a Network
                                                                      Control Center was successfully completed to provide COSCO
                                                                      Shipping Lines with greater visibility of vessel network
                                                                      disruptions and recovery options. The strengthened disruption
                                                                      management capability also lays the foundation for the fleet
                                                                      of both companies to improve on overall vessel utilization and
In our Domestic Logistics business, the effective utilization and     disruption management.
improvements of our long-term leased warehouses throughout
China, Indonesia and the Philippines helped enhance the
profitability of our Warehouse and Distribution segment. Our
cold chain logistics activity in China also grew, particularly
in the cold chain transportation and warehouse business that
helped pushed our profit margin up.

By leveraging on our superior IT capabilities and management
expertise, our Software-as-a-Service has made very good
progress by providing our clients with Weika, TMS, WMS and
Control Tower which have been integrated into our clients’
supply chain operations and management.

In addition to our various business development projects, we
also focused on improvements to our overall operations by
tackling challenges in areas such as operational productivity,
cost control, asset efficiency, and raising our quality services to
new levels in order to enhance our competitive position in the
industry.




                                                                                           Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2018      21
Operations Review



                                                                   CargoSmart’s Customer Innovation Center (CIC) was officially
                                                                   launched in San Jose in early 2018 to improve our engagement
                                                                   with shippers through workshops where we can better identify
                                                                   their needs and challenges. By leveraging lean and agile
                                                                   methods and applying a design thinking approach, we are
                                                                   able to iteratively create, build and offer more comprehensive
                                                                   solutions to the market. To address the pain points of shippers
                                                                   and forwarders without adequate levels of transparency and
                                                                   control of their shipment delivery schedules, CargoSmart
                                                                   launched a cloud-based, AI-powered platform called “ForeSea”
                                                                   in September 2018 to provide the cargo visibility with
                                                                   predictive analytics capabilities they need. Shippers and their
                                                                   logistics partners would be able to share a common platform
                                                                   to visualize the progress of all shipments, proactively manage
                                                                   any potential disruptions, and enhance the overall collaborative
                                                                   experience across stakeholders. The performance measurement
                                                                   information also provided the opportunity for optimized
                                                                   planning and supply chain improvements.

                                                                   To enhance operational efficiency and the decision-making
                                                                   process in marine operations, the Robo-advisor solution was
                                                                   introduced in May 2018 to leverage CargoSmart’s GVVMC
                                                                   and AI enabled technologies to provide better berth visibility
                                                                   and bunker optimization. The advanced visibility of the
                                                                   vessel’s berthing windows at the upcoming port calls not only
                                                                   improved the collaboration between marine operators, port
                                                                   agents and ship masters to minimize port waiting times, but
                                                                   also offered vessels the opportunity to effectively improve
                                                                   bunker efficiency at sea. The bunker optimization model allows
                                                                   for better control of bunker consumption with various schedule
CargoSmart                                                         recovery strategies and to that end, different schedule recovery
                                                                   simulations and optimization models were added in the third
CargoSmart initiated the launch of a blockchain shipping
                                                                   and fourth quarters of 2018. From May to December 2018, and
alliance named the Global Shipping Business Network (GSBN),
                                                                   compared to the same period in the year before, we observed
which aims to establish a digital baseline that connects all
                                                                   that the overall bunker consumption level reduced significantly
stakeholders and facilitate collaborative innovation and digital
                                                                   while vessel sea time increased. Moving forward, more complex
transformation initiatives in the supply chain. CargoSmart
                                                                   schedule recovery optimization models will be added to further
leverages existing shipping domain knowledge, expertise in
                                                                   improve the operational efficiency of marine operations.
developing software architecture and application solutions
with blockchain technologies to establish the foundation
of the platform. The first CargoSmart application to pilot
the operation of the GSBN platform is Dangerous Goods
Application (DG.ConnectDLT). It enables forwarders and
shippers to digitize DG documents using Artificial Intelligence
(AI) techniques and automatically connects it with relevant
parties in the shipping cycle with real-time access. The
application will streamline and shorten the DG approval
process and will bring a new level of transparency to all
relevant parties. The application is in Beta Pilot testing in
December 2018 and will be in General Release in early 2019.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
22   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                 Operations Review




One IT Model
To create further synergy in the IT systems development for
both OOCL and COSCO Shipping Lines, a comprehensive
review was conducted and the One IT resources deployment
model established to identify the most suitable architecture
platform and technology solution for implementation where
the IT resources from both companies will be allocated to
support the development, delivery and implementation of the
systems.


PROPERTY
Based on an independent valuation as at 31st December 2018,
Wall Street Plaza was included in the consolidated balance
sheet at US$310 million. A revaluation of US$40 million
occurred in the first half of the year, and was reflected in the
consolidated profit and loss account for that period and in
the consolidated balance sheet as at 30th June 2018. After
offsetting a total of US$0.5 million of capital expenditure
related to the building in 2018, the net fair value gain for the
full year comes to US$39.5 million.


As at 31st December 2017, Wall Street Plaza was valued at
US$270 million with a net fair value gain of US$43.4 million in
2017.




                                                                   Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                     Annual Report 2018      23
Corporate Responsibility




     The Group places the
     utmost importance on
     environmental care and
     community support.
     Despite the current difficult
     economic environment, we
     must continue to address
     the long-term threat of
     climate change.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
24   Annual Report 2018
                          Corporate Responsibility



The Group prides itself upon being a responsible corporate
citizen and it employs the highest standards of business ethics
in all that it does. Headed by a senior management Steering
Committee and a Global Security, Safety and Environment
Care Officer, the Group embraces the core values of Corporate
Social Responsibility at all levels.

The Group places the utmost importance on environmental
care and community support. Despite the current difficult
economic environment, we must continue to address the
long-term threat of climate change. We strive to play our part
in tackling this global problem through engagement with
organisations such as the Business Environment Council,
the Clean Cargo Working Group and the World Wildlife
Fund. Throughout the year, the Group has won awards and
accolades for its environmental performance, and OOIL Group
employees around the world have been actively supporting
their local communities through various environmental
initiatives.

The Group is dedicated to promoting sustainable business
practices in the supply chain. Our Corporate Sustainable
Procurement Policy has been implemented in every aspect
of our business and at every stage of the supply chain.
For example, under our vendor and supplier selection
mechanism, a self-assessment of the potential contractor
must be completed to confirm their compliance to our Safety,
Security, Environmental and Social Guidelines, where on-
site verification of their facilities may be conducted if deemed
necessary. Once compliance is confirmed we would review
and work with our vendors to ensure compliance levels are
maintained.

In addition, the OOCL Carbon Calculator is designed to
assist OOCL customers measure CO 2 emissions in their
supply chains. The scope of the calculator spans across
vessels, trucks, feeders, and rail with over 70,000 port pairs
recorded. OOCL spearheaded the project in 2010, partnering
with the Department of Logistics and Maritime Studies of the
Hong Kong Polytechnic University. The Calculator has been
checked and verified for its methodology, accuracy and carbon
footprint calculations by The American Bureau of Shipping
(ABS) Consulting.




                     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                       Annual Report 2018      25
Corporate Responsibility



OUR ENVIRONMENTAL INITIATIVES                                      “ Class of Excellence ” Wastewi$e Label – OOCL also
                                                                   received environmental recognition for our participation
The Group recognises that businesses must take responsibility
for their industry’s effects on the environment. Our company       and performance in the Wastewi$e Label Scheme under
is dedicated to meeting the needs of the present without           the Hong Kong Awards for Environmental Excellence
compromising those of the future. We encourage sustainable         (HKAEE) programme. Under the Scheme, participants must
economic development through innovative environmental              achieve at least nine goals or more, covering at least two of
care measures and believe that by taking a proactive role in       three Wastewi$e categories in order to be granted with the
caring for the environment, we can help minimise our carbon        “Class of Excellence” Wastewi$e Label. The three categories
footprint, improve air quality and make the world a better place
                                                                   include Waste Avoidance & Reduction Measures, Collection
to live for ourselves and future generations.
                                                                   and Recycling of Recyclable Materials, and Purchase or
We actively participate in green programmes and have received      Manufacture of Recycled Products.
recognition for our achievements and best practices, including:
                                                                   OOIL becomes a FTSE4Good Developed Index Constituent
The Safety, Quality and Environmental (SQE) Management             – The FTSE4Good Developed Index is one of the world’s most
System Certificate – OOCL was the first container shipping         recognised and respected indices measuring the performance
line in the world to have achieved the SQE certification           of companies demonstrating strong Environmental, Social
which consolidates the ISM-Code, ISO 9001 and ISO 14001
                                                                   and Governance (ESG) standards for investors committed
requirements.
                                                                   to socially responsible investments. OOIL is honoured to be
Vessel Speed Reduction Programs – Each year, OOCL has              the first Hong Kong-based enterprise in the international
been fully compliant to reducing vessel speed when entering        transportation and logistics industry to be included in the
within both 20 and 40 nautical miles of the Port of Long Beach     Index. Independently assessed according to the Index criteria,
and Port of Los Angeles harbors. Our efforts have effectively      OOIL has met all ESG requirements to become a constituent of
contributed to improving the air quality by reducing emissions     the Index for the fourth consecutive year since December 2015,
such as smog forming nitrogen oxides NOx, diesel particulate       an important milestone in the company’s efforts to achieving
matter and greenhouse gases. Port officials estimate that if all
                                                                   long-term sustainability objectives.
vessels comply with the Program, the amount of NOx produced
by container ships would be reduced by nearly 550 tons a year.
                                                                   Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index – The Group is a
Ballast Water Management Program – All container ships             founding constituent of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability
discharge ballast water, which can contain organisms that          Index, launched in 2010 to recognise the top 30 companies
may be harmful to other environments. We have a policy of          with the highest scores in areas such as environmental care,
exchanging ballast water only in the open sea (200 nautical        social impact, and corporate governance (ESG). We have
miles away from the nearest coastline) to achieve zero ballast     been selected as a constituent of the Hang Seng Corporate
water exchange when berthed at the port. Although it is not
                                                                   Sustainability Benchmark Index for the eighth consecutive
mandated by the International Maritime Organization (IMO),
                                                                   year, reflecting our continual outstanding performance in ESG.
OOCL’s new buildings are already equipped with an IMO
approved Ballast Water Treatment System to effectively treat       We received the highest sustainability score in the industrials
ballast water before discharging.                                  sector from the latest sustainability performance review. These
                                                                   are remarkable achievements as well as recognition of our
Hong Kong Green Organisation Certification (HKGOC) –               efforts to achieving consistent and long-term sustainability
The HKGOC aims to benchmark the performance of “green”             objectives.
organisations to encourage them to sustain their various
environmental best practices. It also presents organisations
                                                                   Stop Shipping Shark, Whale, Dolphin, and Their Related
with the opportunity to demonstrate their commitment to
                                                                   Products – On 15th February 2016, OOCL announced that
improve different aspects of their environmental performance.
In appreciation of our efforts towards environmental               bookings for whale, shark, dolphin, and their related products
protection, OOCL was given the status of “Hong Kong Green          will not be accepted. This new policy shows our commitment
Organisation ” (HKGO) by the Environmental Campaign                and best practices in supporting the global effort to curb the
Committee (ECC) from being a Gold Winner in the Hong               trade of at-risk, endangered and protected marine species.
Kong Awards for Environmental Excellence (HKAEE).




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
26   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                               Corporate Responsibility



WWF-Hong Kong conservation talk on No Shark Fin                    OOCL Named Company of the Year at the Lloyd’s List
Carriage – OOCL has been engaging with WWF, a leading              Global Awards – OOCL received resounding applause from
global conservation organisation, on various environmental         industry peers for the coveted “Company of the Year” win at
and sustainability projects. On 14th September 2018, we            the Lloyd’s List Global Awards ceremony in London on 11th
invited WWF-Hong Kong to talk about the importance of              December 2018. This top honour in the awards programme
ocean biodiversity and the role of shipping companies in           pays tribute to an organisation with marked achievements in
implementing the No Shark Fin Carriage Policy through              areas such as operational excellence, digital innovation and for
a Lunch & Learn session with our OOCL Hong Kong and                maintaining an outstanding reputation in the industry. Highly
South China Region colleagues. The talk aimed to raise the         regarded as one of the most important events on the industry
environmental awareness of our colleagues and focus on             calendar, this distinguished award celebrates our exceptional
the prevention of potential risks in our operations which is       accomplishments and unflinching commitment to performance
particularly useful when handling suspicious shipment orders.      as the industr y navigated through some of the most
                                                                   challenging market environments over the last few years. May
Qualship 21 – Offered by the US Coast Guard, the Qualship 21       it be in our persistent focus on operational efficiency, bringing
program recognises high-quality ships for their excellent safety   innovative solutions to customers, taking our corporate
and antipollution standards and encourages quality operations.     sustainability profile into the next level, or pushing boundaries
Most of OOCL’s vessels calling the US have already been            in the digital technology space, OOCL left no stones unturned
Qualship 21 certified since 2004.                                  to ensure we secure our competitive position and maintain our
                                                                   service quality hallmark widely recognised by our customers
Environmental Data Verification – Over the years, OOCL             and peers in the industry. OOCL reached a number of notable
has been taking concrete, meaningful and progressive steps         milestones in 2018, including our work in developing Artificial
in our long-term commitment to protecting the environment          Intelligence (AI) applications for shipping, contributing to
and reducing emissions in the communities where we operate         blockchain developments to improve supply chain efficiency,
by meeting our Greenhouse Gas (GHG) verification targets           and launching competitive services to new markets in Africa.
spanning from Scopes 1 to 3. In 2018, our GHG Scope 3
reporting and verification has successfully been expanded to       O O C L Ho n o r e d w i t h H K A E E G o l d S t a n d i n g a n d
include indirect emissions from not only business travel by        Recognised for Outstanding Green Leadership – On 4th
air for employees of our Hong Kong office, but also for our        May 2018, OOCL received the 2017 Hong Kong Awards
two terminals, namely the Long Beach Container Terminal,           for Environmental Excellence (HKAEE) Gold Award in the
LLC. (LBCT LLC) in the United States, and the Kaohsiung            Transport and Logistics Sector. Recognised by the community
Container Terminal (KAOCT) in Taiwan. OOCL is committed            as one of the most prestigious and reputable environmental
to reaching higher standards and transparency levels in            award schemes in Hong Kong, the HKAEE encourages
our GHG reporting which are all in accordance with the             businesses and organisations to embrace green management
“Greenhouse Gas Protocol – A Corporate Accounting and              and innovation with the opportunity to benchmark their
Reporting Standard.” In addition to our work related to GHG,       environmental performance and commitments towards best
OOCL has also been taking a leadership role in building            practices within their sectors. For the first time in the awards
our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) profile             programme, and in addition to the HKAEE Gold Award, a new
to tackle a wider spectrum of environmental challenges we          “Outstanding Green Leadership Award” was introduced this
face across the industry. Verified by Lloyd’s Register Quality     year to recognise ten top performers demonstrating excellent
Assurance (LRQA), this is the fifth consecutive year that          performance in the aspect of green leadership. From over 1,600
OOCL has achieved dual reporting standards through the             eligible applicants in 15 industry sectors, OOCL is very proud
use of Clean Cargo Working Group (CCWG) and ISO 14064-             to be one of the first recipients of this award. As a responsible
1:2006 verification tools to certify the transparency, accuracy,   and committed member of the international community,
completeness, consistency and relevance of OOCL ’ s data           OOCL will continue to strive for further improvements in all
disclosure on Greenhouse Gas emissions.                            aspects of our business for a greener future in the generations
                                                                   to come.




                                                                                         Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2018       27
Corporate Responsibility



OOCL is first in industry to win Corporate Environmental            United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) – OOIL was
Leadership Gold Award – On 31st May 2018, OOCL was                  the first Hong Kong-based enterprise in the international
                                                                    transportation and logistics industry to take part in the United
very honoured to be the first carrier in the international          Nations Global Compact. Through our business strategies,
transportation and logistics industry to receive the Gold Award     operation, corporate culture, and continual engagement in the
at the 2017 BOCHK Corporate Environmental Leadership                Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) set out by the United
                                                                    Nations, we are committed to supporting the Ten Principles
Awards ceremony. This distinguished awards programme aims           of the UNGC that sets out fundamental responsibilities in
to acknowledge outstanding participating organisations for          areas such as human rights, labour, environment and anti-
their efforts in promoting environmental and low-carbon best        corruption. To demonstrate our long-term commitment in
                                                                    corporate sustainability, transparency, and accountability,
practices in the manufacturing and services sectors in Hong         we aim to publish a Communication on Progress (COP)
Kong and the Pan Pearl River Delta region following three           report on an annual basis to describe our extensive efforts
rounds of assessments by a professional adjudication panel and      in implementing the Ten Principles and SDG. Prior to our
                                                                    participation in the UNGC, we have already been very active
independent assessors.                                              in building up our work on SDGs. In our 2016 Sustainability
                                                                    Report, we began to introduce new targets and specific action
Seatrade Maritime Awards Asia – On 25th April 2018,                 items towards the formulation of relevant SDGs to tackle
                                                                    environmental and social issues across industries.
OOCL received the new Green Shipping Award from Seatrade
Maritime Awards Asia in Singapore. This overreaching                Enhancing Cetacean Habitat and Observation (ECHO)
award recognises the company’s effort in green technology           Program – OOCL participated in the Enhancing Cetacean
                                                                    Habitat and Observation (ECHO) Program between 1st July
investment, carbon management, compliance to environmental          and 31st October 2018 to study how to reduce the cumulative
regulations and promotion in environmental awareness. Being         effects of shipping on at-risk whales throughout the southern
the first award winner in this category, we attribute our success   coast of British Columbia in Canada. Over the 16 weeks of this
                                                                    Program, 96% of our vessels voluntarily sailed at slower speeds
to the initiatives we made in addressing global environmental       in the research region, bringing our vessel participate rate 46%
challenges over the years. They include our proactive agenda        higher than in 2017. OOCL’s commitment and contribution to
in adhering to the United Nations’ Sustainable Development          this Program was an important part of our sustainability work
                                                                    in addressing the “SDG 14: Life Below Water” component of
Goals (SDGs), green investments on our assets, research             marine life protection and conservation.
on green IT solutions, and Greenhouse Gas control in our
business operations.


Singapore Environmental Achievement Awards (SEAA) –
OOCL was proud to receive the 2018 Singapore Environmental
Achievement Award (Regional) at a ceremony held at the
Singapore Environment Council’s (SEC) Conference Day event
on 30th August 2018. The SEAA (Regional) Award category
recognises local or international companies and organisations
with outstanding environmental performance in Asia, and
this year, the regional scope has been expanded to welcome
companies from Greater China, Japan, South Korea, and
ASEAN countries to take part in the awards scheme.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
28   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                             Corporate Responsibility



                                                                   Since 2000, all our vessels have been installed with
                                                                   environment-friendly NO x -controlled propulsive engines
                                                                   while advanced slide fuel injection valves are adopted to help
                                                                   reduce NOx emissions by 30%. All our new buildings since
                                                                   2011 are also equipped with Alternative Maritime Power
                                                                   (AMP) Systems, also known as “Cold Ironing”, which allows
                                                                   the vessel to use shore supplied electricity instead of burning
                                                                   fuel when at berth. OOCL is fully compliant to the EU, North
                                                                   America and IMO mandated requirements of using 0.1% or
                                                                   lower sulphur content fuel in all SOx Emission Control Areas
                                                                   (SECA). We are also compliant to the requirements of using
                                                                   0.1% sulphur content fuel when our vessels are berthed at
                                                                   designated EU ports. We also ensure that the sulphur content
                                                                   of our fuel is well below the IMO prescribed standard of 3.5%
                                                                   when our vessels sail in the high seas. In 2018, OOCL achieved
                                                                   an average sulphur content of 2.63%.

OOCL Sponsors and Participates in Walk for Nature 2018             Our Offices – Our focus is to create and maintain a “paperless
– On 3rd November 2018, our Hong Kong colleagues and               office ” environment by eliminating the use of faxes and
their guests participated in the Walk for Nature 2018 at the       unnecessary paper documents. As a business which has
iconic Mai Po Nature Reserve. Walk for Nature is an annual         traditionally relied on paper documentation with customers,
fundraising event of the WWF, which supports the Reserve’s         such as bills of lading and invoices, we have successfully
work on local biodiversity and land conservation. OOCL was         taken innovative measures to effectively reduce our paper
one of the sponsors of the event where the participants learned    consumption since 2006.
more about the experience of migratory birds’ journey to
Hong Kong and through a series of related activities also raised   We have implemented a “reduce, re-use and recycle” campaign
their awareness and knowledge of conservation issues and           in all our offices around the world, encouraging employees
sustainable living in Mai Po. OOCL supports the Sustainable        to switch off computers after work, powering off copiers and
Development Goals (SDGs) set out by the United Nations             lights after use, and to install energy saving office equipment,
and our participation in this event shows our support and          such as energy efficient light bulbs. We also have mandatory
commitment to the United Nation’s SDG 15: Life on Land,            training for all staff in safety, security and environmental
which aims to ensure that the conservation, restoration, and       issues, and organise OOCL Green Week every July in offices
the sustainable use of resources of wetlands are in line with      around the world.
obligations under international agreements. To continue with
our commitment in meeting other relevant SDGs, we will
cooperate with industry bodies and environment-focused
organisations in addressing different environmental challenges.

Our Vessels – The best way to reduce harmful emissions in the
shipping industry is to reduce the consumption of fuel. For well
over a decade OOCL implemented a fuel saving programme
including weather routing systems, slow steaming (addition of
extra vessels on service loops and travelling at slower speeds),
minimising ballast water to help achieve a lighter vessel load,
and achieving better trim of ship draughts by good stowage,
thereby burning less fuel. By taking these measures, we have
reduced our CO2 emissions by more than 50% since 2004. In
addition to reducing our emissions, we are able to help our
customers achieve a lower carbon footprint in their supply
chains.




                                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2018      29
Corporate Responsibility




Our Containers – Today, OOCL only uses CFC-free                   Our company meets the International Ship and Port Facility
refrigerants for all our refrigerated (reefer) containers.        Security Code (ISPS Code), which ensures that security threats
OOCL’s newest reefer containers have one of the lowest power      are detected and assessed while preventive measures are in
consumption in the industry, and we install ThermoKing            place on our vessels and at our port facilities. A designated
“ EcoPower ” gensets for better energy efficiency. All our        officer on each ship and at each port facility reports to the
containers have been applied with tin-free paint and              Company Security Officer who oversees the security plans,
introduced the use of eco-friendly bamboo floorboards instead     drills and training. With this in place, all our vessels continue
of using traditional hardwood ones.                               to have an exemplary record containing zero breaches of
                                                                  security and clean detention records. In addition, to provide
The Group’s sustainability and environmentally conscious best     world-class quality and secure information to customers
practices often exceeds legal requirements and general industry   and partners, our Global Data Centre has also achieved and
standards in the countries where it operates. As a responsible    maintained ISO 27001 certification.
and committed member of the international community, the
Group will continually strive for further improvements in all     OOCL has been certified as a “Partners in Protection” (PIP)
aspects of its business.                                          carrier by the Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) Partners
                                                                  in Protection. It is a voluntary program established by the
SECURITY                                                          CBSA to enhance border security, combat organised crime
In a world where global cargo security threats always increase    and terrorism, detect and prevent contraband smuggling, and
the complexities of the international trade community, OOCL       increase awareness of issues to secure the flow of legitimate
is strongly committed to the security of our operations against   goods and travellers across the US-Canadian border. OOCL
possible compromise and to the maintenance of the highest         applies anti-piracy measures before our vessels transit through
level of compliance in security related areas. From our offices   High Risk Areas (HRA). One of the key measures is to
to ports, warehouses, shore facilities and onboard our vessels,   maintain a 24-hour, 360-degree anti-piracy visual and radar
we work with the responsible authorities to ensure that every     watch and to deploy additional watch-keepers at the bridge and
measure is in place to maintain the highest commercial and        on deck while transiting the HRA to watch out for suspected
operational security standards possible at all times, while all   pirate vessels. Physical measures are also utilised onboard,
employees are educated and regularly updated through security     such as barbed wires, spikes, and night vision binoculars. Close
training.                                                         communication is always maintained between ships and our
                                                                  Fleet Management Department (FMD) office. FMD’s 24-hour
The Group’s Corporate Security Policy and internal guidelines     emergency hotline is always on standby mode in the case of any
comply with the US Customs-Trade Partnership Against              emergency.
Terrorism (C-TPAT) initiative, EU Authorised Economic
Operator (AEO) Programme, and we actively work with               Traditionally, antivirus and malware detection software
various governments and authorities around the world to           would provide a boost to our computer security by helping
counter any act that would impinge upon maritime or cargo         our computers stay away from being “infected”. But as the
security. Under our policy, we have internal security checks to   development of the Internet is becoming more sophisticated
all of its holdings and our security profile has been validated   than ever, signature-based virus/malware detection tools alone
by the US Customs and Border Protection agency through            are no longer sufficient today.
physical checks of the offices and facilities of the Group
including terminals, warehouses, depots and vessels.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
30   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                             Corporate Responsibility



This is because the “Advanced Persistent Threat” (APT), a
set of stealthy and continuous computer hacking processes
often orchestrated by attackers targeting a specific entity
by taking advantage of security loopholes, is growing. APT
has been observed to target organisations and/or nations
for business, financial and/or political motives. “Corporate
Security Breaches”, “Email Spoofing”, “Spear Phishing” and
“Social Media Fraud” are some of the common types of cyber
attacks. To boost our employee’s knowledge and awareness
of cyber security, new initiatives and programmes have been
developed to ensure everyone takes part in protecting our
assets and become more resilient against such threats. This
includes an annual cyber security training and mandatory test
for all employees, monthly knowledge and trend updates, and
sophisticated monitoring and protective systems.

COMMUNITY AND EDUCATION
                                                                   In keeping with the Group’s long tradition in supporting
As a responsible corporate citizen, the Group recognises           education, the Group, in partnership with The Tung
that the societies in which its employees live and work            Foundation, committed more than US$500,000 in 2018 to
contribute greatly to the company’s overall success. Care for      scholarships through The Tung OOCL Scholarship for students
these communities in which it operates is therefore a major        and our employees’ children.
corporate focus. The Group concentrates its community efforts
on charity programmes designed to provide well-rounded             In 2018, forty-six OOCL vessels participated in the Hong
youth education, charity relief to the needy, and cultural         Kong Voluntary Observing Ship (HKVOS) programme by
entertainment to the whole community.                              the Hong Kong Observatory (HKO) to gather and provide
                                                                   marine climatology data needed to help identify prevailing
OOCL employees across the world are encouraged to give             weather conditions for preparing forecasts and warnings to the
something back to the communities in which they live through       maritime community. To recognise our outstanding efforts to
charitable activities such as fundraising and volunteering by      help improve maritime safety, the HKO presented two “Gold
dedicating their time and efforts to help others in need. Some     Awards” to OOCL France and OOCL San Francisco on 17th
of the areas where the charity donations were made by the          July 2018. OOCL Nagoya was also presented a certificate of
Group and its employees include: education, social services,       appreciation for her assistance in deploying a drifting buoy
orphanages, elderly homes, schools, children’s hospitals, cancer   in the South China Sea to measure atmospheric pressure and
research, multiple sclerosis, and diabetes research. In addition   temperature over the sea surface during the typhoon season in
to financial donations, the Group also contributes in kind. We     2017.
offer transportation and logistics support to send relief to the
affected areas. Assistance in the form of free transportation      KEY RELATIONSHIPS WITH CUSTOMERS
is often given to a number of charitable projects including        AND SUPPLIERS
transporting medical diagnostic equipment and supplies from
the US to China to care for those children who need urgent         “Customer focus” is one of the core values of the Group. We
treatments.                                                        believe in long-term, mutually beneficial relationships with
                                                                   our customers and strive to help create value for our customers
                                                                   through collaboration to enhance customer competitiveness.
                                                                   This is achieved by seeing things from the customer ’ s
                                                                   perspective, trying to understand their business and anticipate
                                                                   their requirements. All employees are trained to be proactive in
                                                                   meeting customers’ expectations and responding with a sense
                                                                   of urgency.

                                                                   “We Take It Personally” is not just a slogan at OOCL, but
                                                                   also an attitude that all employees are encouraged to adopt in
                                                                   dealing with our customers. Each year we recognise hundreds
                                                                   of employees around the world for displaying initiative and
                                                                   going beyond the call of duty to meet our customers’ needs.




                                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2018      31
Corporate Responsibility



                                                                      EMPLOYEE INFORMATION
                                                                      As a responsible corporate citizen employing the highest
                                                                      standards of business ethics in all that it does, the Group
                                                                      understands that the process begins with the well treatment
                                                                      of its employees. As a successful corporation, the Group
                                                                      appreciates that its success, growth and performance are
                                                                      attributable to the skills, dedication and teamwork of its
                                                                      employees. It regards people as its greatest asset and takes good
                                                                      care of them.

                                                                      In the spirit of mutual respect, the Group is an equal
                                                                      opportunity employer with a clearly defined policy, covering
                                                                      areas such as treating all employees with fairness and dignity,
                                                                      promoting the corporate culture of encouraging open and
                                                                      frank communication throughout the organisation, investing
                                                                      in its employees and caring for their hopes and aspirations
It is the Group’s policy to maintain a diversified customer base
                                                                      through people development programmes and education, as
across all geographical regions and trade lanes. A Key Risk
                                                                      well as recognising their efforts and achievements.
Indicator (KRI) of customer concentration was developed in
the year 2017 and is included in the functional risk dashboard
                                                                      People development remains a cornerstone of the corporate
for the Group’s liner business which is being monitored on a
                                                                      culture and enables the effective operation of the Group’s
quarterly basis. Different tolerance limits for the KRI are set for
                                                                      career development policy through recruitment and internal
regions, trades and the organisation as a whole. As at the end
                                                                      promotion. The Group has channelled a great deal of time
of 2018, OOCL had approximately 27,000 active customers and
                                                                      and effort into its various people development programmes in
the customer concentration was at an acceptable level.
                                                                      practical and experiential environments through job rotation,
                                                                      local and overseas job assignments, formal and informal
In the Group’s relationship with suppliers, we put special
                                                                      learning and development opportunities and sponsorships for
emphasis on the supplier selection process in which both
                                                                      performance enhancement building capacities of employees in
quantitative and qualitative factors are considered objectively,
                                                                      support of their growth with the Group. To further enhance
independently and openly, according to the Group’s highest
                                                                      practical training and better HQ/Regional cooperation, efforts
ethical standards. Pricing is not the Group ’ s primar y
                                                                      have been made to initiate more short term cross regional job
consideration; instead, the Group focuses its attention on
                                                                      rotations.
the suppliers’ quality service, safety and ethical standards.
“Excellence through quality” is another core value of the
Group. While we endeavour to provide the best quality service
to our customers by setting high standards for ourselves, we
demand the same high standards from our suppliers. It is also
the Group’s policy to maintain a diversified supplier base
across all geographical regions.

In 2017, the Group developed supplier management KRIs
to monitor supplier concentration in different regions and
poor supplier services. Cases of supplier service failure were
shared among employees to alert them to the importance of
communicating our expectations to the suppliers and taking
the right remedial mitigating actions. As at the end of 2018,
OOCL had approximately 19,300 active suppliers and the
supplier concentration was at an acceptable level.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
32   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                             Corporate Responsibility



                                                                  As at 31st December 2018, the Group had 10,321 full-time
                                                                  employees. Their salary and benefit levels are maintained at
                                                                  competitive levels. Employees are rewarded on a performance
                                                                  related basis within the general policy and framework of
                                                                  the Group’s salary and bonus schemes which are regularly
                                                                  reviewed. Other benefits including medical insurance and
                                                                  pension funds are also provided, and social and recreational
                                                                  activities are organised around the world.

                                                                  In the interest of adhering to the highest ethical standards on
                                                                  an ongoing basis, the Group has formulated a Code of Conduct
                                                                  which serves as a guideline to ensure compliance with all local,
                                                                  national and international legal standards. It helps to preclude
                                                                  any offences under local, national and international laws,
The Group employs an innovative approach to internal              breaches of confidentiality and non-disclosure requirements,
communications, employee learning and people development.         intellectual property rights infringement, as well as conflicts of
The Group provides support to its employees to help them          interest, acts of bribery, corruption or political contribution,
deliver what customers need and unleash their potential. Since    and any other corporate misconduct. The Group has set up
2010, the Group has utilised its intranet, called “InfoNet”, as   procedures to identify, manage and control risks that may
a learner-centric platform for dissemination of company news      have an impact on the business of the Group. Established
and business updates while providing its employees with a         in 2006, the Group’s “Whistle Blower Policy” is one of the
tool to share knowledge, exchange views and formulate ideas.      Group’s formalised procedures through which employees can
In 2011, the Group adopted a wide range of enterprise level       anonymously file reports or register concerns and governs
collaboration tools. In addition to conventional methods of       the reporting and investigation of allegations to suspected
communication such as email, other tools such as OOCL Wiki,       improper activities.
OOCL Channel, Jabber, and Tibbr, have become very effective
in the global sharing of information and knowledge as well as     The Group is an equal opportunity employer with policies
facilitate collaboration amongst colleagues around the world.     not to discriminate against any employee or applicant for
They also helped support accelerated learning by providing        employment on the grounds of race, colour, religion, creed,
us with the means to leverage resources, ideas and hence          age, sex, disability, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical
solutions. Since 2016, we have also implemented the use of        condition, marital status, sexual orientation, veteran status
the Microsoft Office 365 cloud-based information platform to      and any other category as guided by local laws and legal
further our internal communication goals.                         regulations.




                                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2018      33
Financial Review




     Revenue for 2018 was US$591.0 million
     better than that of 2017, representing
     an increase of 10%.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
34   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                                         Financial Review



Analysis of Consolidated Profit and Loss Account

Summary of Group Results

                                                                                                                     Favourable/
                                                                                                                  (unfavourable)
 US$’000                                                        2018                2017             Change                       %

 Operating revenue by activity:
   Container Transport and Logistics                       6,546,964           5,951,518             595,446                 10%
   Other Activities                                           25,691              30,158              (4,467)               (15%)

 Group operating revenue                                   6,572,655           5,981,676             590,979                 10%

 Operating profit by activity:
   Container Transport and Logistics                         195,998              92,296             103,702                112%
   Other Activities                                           27,437             102,423             (74,986)               (73%)

 Group operating profit                                      223,435             194,719              28,716                 15%
 Finance costs                                              (143,191)            (97,418)            (45,773)               (47%)
 Share of profits of joint ventures and
   associated companies                                       14,324              19,134              (4,810)               (25%)

                                                              94,568             116,435             (21,867)               (19%)
 Net gain in fair value on investment property                39,500              43,436              (3,936)                (9%)

 Profit before taxation                                      134,068             159,871             (25,803)               (16%)
 Taxation                                                    (58,620)            (12,433)            (46,187)              (371%)

 Profit for the year from continuing operations               75,448             147,438             (71,990)               (49%)
 Profit/(loss) for the year from
   discontinued operation                                     32,718              (9,782)             42,500                N/M

 Profit attributable to shareholders                         108,166             137,656             (29,490)               (21%)


Revenue for 2018 was US$591.0 million better than that of 2017, representing an increase of 10%. This increase in revenues is
attributed to an increase in both higher freight rates and liftings for the core Container Transport and Logistics business. Other
revenue, amounting to less than 1% of the Group’s revenue for both 2018 and 2017, represented rental income from the Group’s
investment property, Wall Street Plaza, in New York.




                                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2018      35
Financial Review



Container Transport and Logistics
Summary of Operating Results
                                                                                                                           Favourable/
                                                                                                                        (unfavourable)
 US$’000                                                                 2018                      2017      Change                 %
 Liftings (TEUs)                                              6,696,919                    6,298,735        398,184                6%

 Revenue per TEU (US$)                                                    890                       861          29                3%

 Operating revenue by location from
   continuing operations:
   Asia/Australia                                             4,939,679                    4,427,255        512,424               12%
   North America                                                670,225                      655,351         14,874                2%
   Europe                                                       937,060                      868,912         68,148                8%

 Operating revenue from continuing operations                 6,546,964                    5,951,518        595,446               10%

 Operating costs by items from
   continuing operations:
   Cargo costs                                               (3,169,113)                   (3,012,894)      (156,219)             (5%)
   Bunker costs                                                (844,390)                     (657,853)      (186,537)            (28%)
   Vessel and voyage costs (excluding Bunker)                (1,053,866)                     (986,428)       (67,438)             (7%)
   Equipment and repositioning costs                           (777,105)                     (753,053)       (24,052)             (3%)

 Operating costs from continuing operations                  (5,844,474)                   (5,410,228)      (434,246)             (8%)

 Gross profit                                                   702,490                      541,290        161,200              30%
 Business and administrative expenses                          (525,878)                    (455,358)       (70,520)            (15%)
 Other income, net                                               19,386                        6,364         13,022             205%

 Operating profit from continuing operations                       195,998                    92,296        103,702             112%

 Operating margin from continuing operations                              3%                        2%

The Container Transport and Logistics business trades under the “OOCL” name and represents the principal revenue contributor
to the Group, accounting for over 99% of the Group’s revenue in 2018. Container Transport and Logistics will continue to be the
core business of the Group in which the majority of the Group’s operating assets will be deployed.


                                 Operating Revenue of Container Transport and Logistics


                                     80%

                                                74%                                76%

                                     60%


                                     40%


                                     20%

                                                                   15%                                14%
                                                       11%                                   10%
                                      0%
                                                      2017                                  2018

                                                  Asia/Australia           North America           Europe


The operating results for Container Transport and Logistics also include the operation of Kaohsiung Container Terminal in
Taiwan as this terminal mainly employed by OOCL and its alliance members.

     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
36   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                                           Financial Review



Asia/Australia
Revenue from the Asia/Australia area increased from US$4,427.3 million in 2017 to US$4,939.7 million in 2018 as a result of
increased cargo volumes, and improved freight rates. Nearly all trades recorded a rebound in performance with Trans-Pacific
registering the largest increase in revenue terms when compared with last year.


The overall liftings of the Trans-Pacific eastbound services increased by 13% while freight rates also increased. The westbound legs
of the Asia/Northern Europe services recorded a 14% growth in volumes amid a 1% drop in rates. Intra-Asia achieved a rise of 4%
in liftings albeit with a 2% decrease in rates. Liftings of the Asia/Australia and New Zealand services declined by 1% as a result of
a 26% reduction in New Zealand liftings from a corresponding 29% cut in loadable capacity.


Loadable capacity available during 2018 was 5 percentage points higher than that of 2017. Results from this region have always
been dependent upon the economic environment and consumption patterns of North America and Europe.


Kaohsiung Container Terminal in Taiwan is an integral part of the Container Transport and Logistics business and its terminal
facilities are mainly employed by OOCL and its alliance members.


North America
Revenue increase US$14.9 million for this area in 2018 thanks to increased liftings in combination with higher freight rates on
most trades.


Westbound liftings of the North America West Coast/Asia service and the US East Coast/Asia service via the Panama Canal
increased by 1% compared with last year but revenue showed a 3% rise, mainly due to higher overall freight rates. The eastbound
Canada/Northern Europe and US East Coast/Northern Europe services recorded a 2% fall in volumes, and a 1% decrease in
revenue.


The overall volumes were flat while the average revenue per TEU across most of the outbound cargoes from North America
recorded an increase compared with last year. Loadable capacity during 2018 was 11 percentage points higher than that of 2017.


Europe
Revenue for this area was up by US$68.1 million in 2018, recording an 8% revenue increase. The eastbound leg of the Northern
Europe/Asia services recorded a 3% fall in revenue in 2018 while the westbound trades of the Trans-Atlantic routes showed a 6%
increase. Intra-Europe market showed remarkable revenue growth of 57%.


The eastbound leg of the Northern Europe/Asia services saw a 14% increase in volume in 2018 at the expenses of a 16% drop in
freight rates. Liftings for the westbound sectors to North America were flat compared to 2017 while the average revenue per TEU
was higher from last year.


Loadable capacity during 2018 was 12 percentage points higher than that of 2017.




                                                                                          Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2018      37
Financial Review




                                                        Revenue per TEU by Services

                              US$
                             1,400



                             1,200



                             1,000



                               800



                               600



                               400
                                     Q1 2017         Q2 2017   Q3 2017     Q4 2017        Q1 2018       Q2 2018    Q3 2018       Q4 2018


                    Trans-Pacific              Asia-Europe               Trans-Atlantic                  Intra-Asia/Australia              All Trades




Operating Costs
The principal operating costs of the container transport business, including cargo costs, vessel costs, voyage costs, equipment and
repositioning costs, increased from 2017 mainly as a result of higher liftings and the surge in bunker cost.

Cargo costs mainly consist of terminal charges, inland transportation costs, commission and brokerage, cargo assessment and
freight tax, all of which are largely paid in the local currencies of the areas in which the activities take place. Cargo cost increased
by 5% against 2017 level, approximating with lifting growth.


                                           Average Market Price of Fuel Oil per Ton

                               US$
                               600


                               500


                               400


                               300


                               200


                               100
                                     Jan       Feb      Mar    Apr   May        Jun       Jul     Aug      Sep     Oct     Nov      Dec


                                                                         2017              2018



Voyage costs comprise mainly bunker costs, port charges, canal dues, cargo claims and insurance. Bunker costs increased from an
average of US$326 per ton in 2017 to an average of US$436 per ton in 2018, resulting in a 28% surge in bunker costs for the year.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
38   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                                                      Financial Review



Vessel costs include the operating costs and depreciation charges relating to the OOCL fleet as well as the net charter hire and slot
hire expenses incurred in order to maintain the scheduled service levels. The total carrying capacity grew slightly from 698,401
TEU as at the end of 2017 to 701,463 TEU at the year end in 2018, though the total number of vessels operated by OOCL, both
owned and chartered-in, decreased from 102 to 101.

During 2018, there was an increase in a number of vessel and voyage costs including crew wages, charter hire and slot hire. As a
result, total vessel and voyage costs, other than bunker costs, for 2018 increased by 7% as compared with 2017.

Equipment costs mainly represent maintenance and repair costs, rental payments, depot expenses and depreciation charges
relating to the fleet of containers equipment, while repositioning costs arise mainly from the relocation of empty containers
from areas of low activity to high demand regions. The container fleet size increased from 1,146,548 TEU in 2017 to 1,251,324
TEU in 2018 while the increment in total equipment and repositioning costs was contained at 3%. It was due to the reduction of
depreciation charges as a result of the extension of the useful life of equipment during the second half of 2018.


                                                         Operating costs

                                  2017                                                                 2018



                           14%                                                              13%




               18%                                                                 18%
                                                                                                                          54%
                                                  56%



                     12%                                                                  15%




                                 Cargo costs   Bunker costs     Vessel and voyage costs         Equipment and
                                                                (excluding Bunker)              repositioning costs




Business and Administrative Expenses
Business and administrative expenses largely comprise staff costs, office expenses, selling and marketing costs, professional and
information system expenses. Business and administrative expenses increased by US$70.5 million, or 15% when compared with
2017 which was mainly attributable to the increase in staff cost and adoption of a more prudent bad debt provision policy.

Other income, net
Other income, comprising principally net foreign exchange differences, net gain or loss on the disposal of assets, interest income
from banks and other non-operating gains/losses. Net income for 2018 increased by US$13.0 million when compared with 2017
mainly due to increase in net gain on the disposal of assets.

Operating margin from Continuing Operations
Operating margin from continuing operations improved from 2% in 2017 to 3% in 2018. The improvement in freight rates,
coupled with the lifting growth, helped offsetting the negative impact from rising bunker costs, leading to increased profitability
for the Container Transport and Logistics business in 2018.


                                                                                                Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2018      39
Financial Review



Other Activities
Summary of Operating Results
                                                                                                                                    Favourable/
                                                                                                                                 (unfavourable)
 US$’000                                                                      2018                     2017           Change                 %
 Rental income                                                            25,691                     30,158            (4,467)            (15%)
 Operating costs                                                         (15,365)                   (15,555)              190               1%

 Gross profit                                                             10,326                     14,603            (4,277)            (29%)
 Investment income                                                         2,025                     33,999           (31,974)            (94%)
 Interest income                                                          24,025                     21,932             2,093              10%
 Income from investment in Hui Xian                                       23,812                     21,786             2,026               9%
 Others                                                                  (32,751)                    10,103           (42,854)            N/M

 Operating profit                                                         27,437                    102,423           (74,986)            (73%)

The Group owns an approximately 600,000 sq ft office and commercial property, Wall Street Plaza, located at 88 Pine Street,
New York, USA, an area popularly referred to as the “Wall Street area”. The building was constructed in 1972 and is operated
as a multi-tenanted building. Approximately 8,656 sq ft is occupied by Group companies. The Group also invests funds surplus
to operations in cash and bank deposit and, on a longer term basis, in equity and bond portfolios. The Group also owns certain
interest in Hui Xian Holdings Ltd and Hui Xian REIT.

The operating profit from Other Activities for 2018 was US$75.0 million lower than that of 2017 mainly as a result of fair value
loss on portfolio investments and unfavourable exchange on the depreciation of Renminbi against US dollar.

Rental Income
Rental income from Wall Street Plaza was US$4.5 million lower than that of last year, with an occupancy rate of 82% as at the end
of 2018.

Investment Income
Investment activities recorded a profit of US$2.0 million for the year compared with US$34.0 million in 2017. Interest income
from bond investments amounted to US$23.2 million for 2018 which was US$1.2 million higher than last year. Fair value loss,
disposal loss and impairment loss totalled US$22.2 million in 2018 as compared with a net gain of US$10.8 million for 2017.


                                                     Investment Income By Activities
                                      US$’000

                                         25,000
                                         20,000
                                         15,000      21,995   23,226
                                         10,000
                                                                                                     1,187
                                          5,000                                 10,817                        990
                                              0

                                                                                         (22,192)
                                        (5,000)
                                       (10,000)
                                       (15,000)
                                       (20,000)
                                       (25,000)
                                                  Interest income from          Impairment,         Dividend income
                                                      investments              fair value and
                                                                                disposal loss
                                                   2017                2018




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
40   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                                             Financial Review



Interest Income
Interest income in 2018 was US$2.1 million more than that of 2017 as a result of rising interest rates.

Income from Investment in Hui Xian
Hui Xian Holdings Ltd declared and paid both cash dividends and dividends in specie in 2018, of which the Group shared a total
of US$22.6 million. The Group also received US$1.2 million distribution from its holdings of Hui Xian REIT to add up a total of
US$23.8 million income from investment in Hui Xian. In 2017, a total of US$21.2 million from Hui Xian Holdings Ltd, in terms of
cash dividends and dividends in specie, and a US$0.6 million distribution from Hui Xian REIT were received.

Others
Other items include business and administration expenses for property management, exchange differences and other
miscellaneous items. The loss was mainly attributable to a foreign exchange loss in 2018 as a result of the depreciation of Renminbi
against US dollar and one-off professional fees incurred in 2018.

Finance Costs
The Group incurs interest expenses on bank loans and finance leases. These borrowings are mostly secured against vessels and
containers owned by the Group. Finance costs also include fees on lease administration.

Finance costs increased by US$45.8 million as compared with 2017, mainly due to a higher average cost of debt for the year.

Net Gain in Fair Value on Investment Property
As at 31st December 2018, the Group’s investment property, Wall Street Plaza, was valued at US$310.0 million, up from the
US$270.0 million valuation at the end of 2017, by an independent valuer. After offsetting a total of US$0.5 million capital outlays,
the net gain in fair value for 2018 was therefore US$39.5 million. In 2017, the property recorded a valuation gain of US$50.0
million which was offset against capital improvements of US$6.6 million to result in a net fair value gain of US$43.4 million.

Share of Profits of Joint Ventures and Associated Companies
Share of profits of joint ventures and associated companies mainly represents the Group’s investments in two depot joint ventures
in Qingdao and Vietnam, two agency joint ventures in the Middle East and a 20% stake in two terminals in Tianjin and Ningbo.
The share of US$14.3 million profit from joint ventures and associated companies in 2018 was US$4.8 million less than that of
2017.

Profit before Taxation
Pre-tax profit for the year was US$134.1 million compared with last year of US$159.9 million. Despite that there was US$103.7
million increase in earnings by the Container Transport and Logistics segment, the earnings by the Other Activities segment
dropped by US$75.0 million due to fair value loss on portfolio investments, net foreign exchange loss and one-off professional fees.
The increase in finance cost led to further drop in current year profit.

Discontinued Operation
On 6th July 2018, the Group entered into the National Security Agreement pursuant to which the Group and COSCO SHIPPING
Holdings Co., Ltd. committed to divest the Long Beach Container Terminal (“U.S. Terminal Business”). The proposed sale of
the U.S. Terminal Business is accounted for as discontinued operation under HKFRS 5 “Non-current assets held for sale and
discontinued operations”. Analysis of the results, cash flows, assets and liabilities of the U.S. Terminal Business is presented in note
16 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                            Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2018      41
Financial Review



Capital Expenditure

                                                                                                                   Increase/
                                                                                                                  (decrease)
 US$’000                                                           2018             2017           Change                  %

 Container vessels and capitalised dry-docking costs             30,794            18,091            12,703              70%
 Vessels under construction                                      31,935           297,264          (265,329)            (89%)
 Containers and chassis                                         301,646           227,934            73,712              32%
 Terminal equipment                                              23,745            45,295           (21,550)            (48%)
 Vehicles, furniture, computer and other equipment               22,557            16,668             5,889              35%
 Computer software                                                 1,724             6,874           (5,150)            (75%)
 Investment property                                                 500             6,564           (6,064)            (92%)

                                                                412,901           618,690          (205,789)            (33%)


Capital expenditure decreased from US$618.7 million in 2017 to US$412.9 million in 2018. Vessels under construction accounted
for 8% and 48% of the total capital expenditure in 2018 and 2017 respectively while capital outlays on container equipment
increased from 37% of 2017 to 73% in 2018.


Vessels
In 2018, the Group took delivery of the sixth (and the last) 21,413 TEU vessel from Samsung Heavy Industries, Korea. No further
newbuilding order was placed during the year.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
42   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                                     Financial Review



Review of Consolidated Balance Sheet
Summary of Consolidated Balance Sheet
                                                                                                                    Increase/
                                                                                                                   (decrease)
 US$’000                                                          2018             2017           Change                   %
 Property, plant and equipment                               5,880,057         6,251,457         (371,400)               (6%)
 Investment property and prepayments of
    lease premiums                                             317,452           277,972           39,480                14%
 Joint ventures and associated companies                       148,616           159,673          (11,057)               (7%)
 Intangible assets                                              32,428            49,204          (16,776)              (34%)
 Liquid assets                                               2,246,803         2,534,463         (287,660)              (11%)
 Accounts receivable and other assets                          799,464           753,945           45,519                 6%
 Assets held for sale                                          472,732                 –          472,732               N/M
 Other non-current assets                                      156,308            42,582          113,726               267%
 TOTAL ASSETS                                               10,053,860       10,069,296           (15,436)               (0%)
 Accounts payable and other liabilities                       (862,405)        (747,786)         (114,619)               15%
 Current taxation                                               (7,494)          (7,927)              433                (5%)
 TOTAL ASSETS LESS TRADING LIABILITIES                       9,183,961         9,313,583         (129,622)               (1%)
 Long-term borrowings                                        3,695,834         3,930,025         (234,191)               (6%)
 Current portion of long-term borrowings                       501,922           624,158         (122,236)              (20%)
 Total debt                                                  4,197,756         4,554,183         (356,427)               (8%)
 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified
   as held for sale                                            141,048                 –          141,048               N/M
 Deferred liabilities                                          110,027            76,887           33,140               43%
 Ordinary shareholders’ equity                               4,735,130         4,682,513           52,617                1%
 CAPITAL EMPLOYED                                            9,183,961         9,313,583         (129,622)               (1%)
 Debt to equity ratio                                             0.89              0.97
 Net debt to equity ratio                                         0.41              0.43
 Accounts payable as a % of revenue                              12.75             12.38
 Accounts receivable as a % of revenue                            9.65              9.86
 % return on average ordinary shareholders’ equity                2.30              2.99
 Net asset value per ordinary share (US$)                         7.57              7.48
 Liquid assets per ordinary share (US$)                           3.59              4.05
 Share price at 31st December (US$)                               6.79              9.67
 Price to book ratio based on share price
   at 31st December                                               0.90              1.29


Property, Plant and Equipment
                                                                                                                    Increase/
                                                                                                                   (decrease)
 US$’000                                                          2018             2017           Change                   %
 Vessels                                                     4,275,875         4,445,780         (169,905)               (4%)
 Containers and chassis                                      1,471,264         1,296,348          174,916                13%
 Terminal equipment                                             51,346           423,618         (372,272)              (88%)
 Land and buildings                                             30,502            33,650           (3,148)               (9%)
 Others                                                         51,070            52,061             (991)               (2%)
                                                             5,880,057         6,251,457         (371,400)               (6%)

Container Transport and Logistics remains the core business of the Group and the one in which majority of property, plant and
equipment is deployed. The assets largely comprise container vessels, containers, terminal equipment, property and computer
equipment.



                                                                                    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2018      43
Financial Review



The decrease in property, plant and equipment in 2018 was mainly due to the reclassification of terminal equipment to assets held
for sale.


Investment Property and Prepayments of Lease Premiums
                                                                                                                     Increase/
                                                                                                                    (decrease)
 US$’000                                                            2018              2017           Change                 %
 Investment property                                             310,000            270,000            40,000              15%
 Prepayments of lease premiums                                     7,452              7,972              (520)             (7%)

                                                                 317,452            277,972            39,480              14%


Investment property represents the Group’s commercial building, Wall Street Plaza, in New York. The building was valued at
US$310.0 million as at the end of 2018 by an independent valuer (2017: US$270.0 million).


Joint Ventures and Associated Companies
                                                                                                                     Increase/
                                                                                                                    (decrease)
 US$’000                                                            2018              2017           Change                 %
 Joint ventures                                                    8,940             10,833            (1,893)            (17%)
 Associated companies                                            139,676            148,840            (9,164)             (6%)

                                                                 148,616            159,673           (11,057)             (7%)


The investments in associated companies comprises minority holdings in two container terminals in Tianjin and Ningbo. The
investments in joint ventures are mainly in connection with (1) two container depots in Qingdao and Vietnam, and (2) two
shipping agencies in the Middle East. The decrease in the investment value in joint ventures and associated companies for 2018
was a result of depreciation of Renminbi and dividends received.


Intangible Assets
                                                                                                                     Increase/
                                                                                                                    (decrease)
 US$’000                                                            2018              2017           Change                 %
 Opening balances                                                  49,204            60,143           (10,939)            (18%)
 Additions                                                          1,724             6,874            (5,150)            (75%)
 Disposal                                                            (657)           (6,690)            6,033             (90%)
 Amortisation                                                     (17,843)          (11,123)           (6,720)             60%

 Closing balances                                                  32,428            49,204           (16,776)            (34%)


Intangible assets mainly represent internally generated capitalised computer software development costs which are amortised over
their useful lives, with a maximum of five years.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
44   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                                          Financial Review



Liquid Assets

                                                                                                                         Increase/
                                                                                                                        (decrease)
 US$’000                                                             2018               2017           Change                      %
 Container Transport and Logistics                                 585,199            388,187           197,012                51%
 Other Activities                                                   54,361             46,700              7,661               16%
 Cash and portfolio funds                                        1,384,284          1,864,647          (480,363)              (26%)
 Investments at amortised cost/
    held-to-maturity investments                                   222,959            234,929           (11,970)               (5%)

 Total liquid assets                                             2,246,803          2,534,463          (287,660)              (11%)


The Group adopts a central treasury system under which a part of the funds surplus to planned requirements is set aside for
portfolio investments in fixed income bonds or equities managed by in-house managers under guidelines imposed by the Board.


The Group’s investment portfolios are largely invested in US dollar bonds, short-term cash deposits or similar instruments, and
listed equities. No investments are made in derivative investment products.


Investments at amortised cost/held-to-maturity investments are entirely bonds intended to be held until maturity.


The Group’s total liquid assets at the end of 2017 and 2018 are further analyzed as follows:


                                                                                                                         Increase/
                                                                                                                        (decrease)
 US$’000                                                             2018               2017           Change                      %
 Cash and bank balances                                          1,584,465          1,940,975          (356,510)              (18%)
 Restricted bank balances                                           61,122             63,839             (2,717)              (4%)
 Portfolio investments                                             378,257            294,720            83,537                28%
 Investments at amortised cost/
    held-to-maturity investments                                   222,959            234,929           (11,970)               (5%)

 Total liquid assets                                             2,246,803          2,534,463          (287,660)              (11%)


Accounts Receivable and Other Assets

                                                                                                                         Increase/
                                                                                                                        (decrease)
 US$’000                                                             2018               2017           Change                      %
 Container Transport and Logistics                                 752,806            683,984            68,822                10%
 Other Activities                                                   46,658             69,961           (23,303)              (33%)

                                                                   799,464            753,945            45,519                    6%




                                                                                         Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2018       45
Financial Review



Accounts receivable and other assets for Container Transport and Logistics increased by US$68.8 million to US$752.8 million at
the end of 2018. The increase was mainly attributable to the higher revenue achieved for the year.



                                           Ageing Analysis of Trade Receivables
                                          2017                                       2018


                                                                                      19%
                                                     7%
                                                          3%                                      4%




                                   90%
                                                                                     77%



                                    Below 1 month              2-3 months             Over 3 months




Accounts Payable and Other Liabilities
                                                                                                                       Increase/
                                                                                                                      (decrease)
 US$’000                                                               2018                2017        Change                 %
 Container Transport and Logistics                                  847,083           742,103          104,980               14%
 Others Activities                                                   15,322             5,683            9,639              170%

                                                                    862,405           747,786          114,619               15%

Accounts payable and other liabilities at the end of 2018 were US$114.6 million higher than that of 2017, mainly due to increase in
cost provisions to cope with growth in business volume.


                                               Ageing Analysis of Trade Payables
                                          2017                                       2018

                                               18%
                                                                               39%
                                                      4%                                          4%




                                       78%                                                    57%




                                    Below 1 month              2-3 months             Over 3 months




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
46   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                                          Financial Review



Total Debt
                                                                                                                         Increase/
                                                                                                                        (decrease)
 US$’000                                                             2018               2017           Change                   %
 Bank loans                                                      1,758,977          2,097,422          (338,445)              (16%)
 Finance lease obligations                                       2,438,779          2,456,761           (17,982)               (1%)

                                                                 4,197,756          4,554,183          (356,427)               (8%)

Total debt decreased by US$356.4 million compared with 2017, as a result of repayment of bank loans during the year.

Total scheduled debt repayment between 2019 and 2023 is US$2,860.6 million, being equivalent to 68% of the total outstanding
debt as at 31st December 2018. Details of the repayment profile of the Group’s borrowings are set out in Note 39 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Debt Profile
As at the end of 2018, 100% (2017: 100%) of the Group’s total debt was denominated in US dollar which effectively eliminated the
risk of exchange fluctuations.

Of the total US$4,197.8 million debt outstanding at the end of 2018, US$871.8 million was fixed-rate debt and the remaining
US$3,326.0 million was subject to floating interest rates at various competitive spreads over one-month to six-month LIBOR
(or equivalent) and mainly related to the financing of vessels and container equipment. The Group’s average cost of debt at 31st
December 2018 was 3.7% (2017: 2.9%).

Net Debt to Equity Ratio
This ratio changed to 0.41: 1 as at the end of 2018 from 0.43: 1 as at the end of 2017 mainly due to decrease in net debts in 2018.
This ratio will be closely monitored in the light of business forecasts. It is the Group’s objective to keep this key ratio below a
threshold of 1.0.



                                                   Net Debt to Equity Ratio
                                  Ratio

                                  0.40




                                  0.20




                                  0.00
                                            2014       2015       2016       2017        2018




Shareholders’ Equity
As at 31st December 2018, the Company had 625,793,297 shares in issue, consisting entirely of ordinary shares. With profit
recorded for the year, the Group’s consolidated shareholders’ equity increased by US$52.6 million to US$4,735.1 million as at the
end of 2018 with a net asset value per ordinary share of US$7.57 (2017: US$7.48). Return on average ordinary shareholders’ equity
is a key measure for the Group’s objective to continuously enhance shareholders’ value. In 2018, this ratio dropped slightly to 2.3%
(2017: 3.0%).




                                                                                         Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2018      47
Financial Review



Operating Leases and Commitments
In addition to the owned operating assets, the Group employs assets through operating lease arrangements as detailed in Note
44(b) to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Assets under operating lease arrangements consist primarily of container boxes
and container vessels.

As at the end of 2018, the Group had outstanding capital commitments amounting to US$91.6 million, representing mostly the
outstanding orders for containers and terminal equipment.

Analysis of Change in Liquid Assets
                                                                                                                  Favourable/
                                                                                                               (unfavourable)
 US$’000                                                          2018              2017           Change                  %
 Net inflow from operations                                     597,760           470,694          127,066               27%

 Other inflow:
   Interest and investment income                                66,373            56,206           10,167               18%
   Sale of property, plant and equipment and
      investments                                                34,745            66,969          (32,224)             (48%)
   New financing                                                475,920         1,106,882         (630,962)             (57%)
   Cash from joint ventures and associated companies             19,852            11,288            8,564               76%
   Fair value gain on financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss                                          –             4,713            (4,713)            N/M
   Others                                                        11,771            13,280            (1,509)            (11%)

                                                                608,661         1,259,338         (650,677)             (52%)

 Other outflow:
   Interest and financing charges paid                         (129,261)          (90,095)         (39,166)             (43%)
   Dividends paid to shareholders                                     –           (13,388)          13,388              N/M
   Taxation paid                                                (15,837)          (10,241)          (5,596)             (55%)
   Increase in property, plant and equipment
      investments, and non-current assets                      (495,549)         (481,729)         (13,820)              (3%)
   Loan repayments                                             (773,827)         (788,914)          15,087                2%
   Fair value loss on financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss                                    (19,500)                –          (19,500)              N/M

                                                             (1,433,974)       (1,384,367)         (49,607)              (4%)

 Net (outflow)/inflow                                          (227,553)          345,665         (573,218)              N/M
 Beginning liquid asset balances                              2,534,463         2,186,946          347,517               16%
 Cash and cash equivalents of disposal group
   classified as held for sale                                  (53,733)                –          (53,733)              N/M
 Changes in exchange rates                                       (6,374)            1,852           (8,226)              N/M

 Ending liquid asset balances                                 2,246,803         2,534,463         (287,660)             (11%)

 Represented by:
   Unrestricted bank balances and deposits                    1,584,465         1,940,975         (356,510)             (18%)
   Restricted bank balances and deposits                         61,122            63,839           (2,717)              (4%)
   Portfolio investments                                        378,257           294,720           83,537               28%
   Investments at amortised cost/
     held-to-maturity investments                               222,959           234,929          (11,970)              (5%)

                                                              2,246,803         2,534,463         (287,660)             (11%)




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
48   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                                         Financial Review



A net outflow of US$227.6 million was recorded in 2018 compared with a net inflow of US$345.7 million in 2017. Operating
inflow of US$597.8 million for the year was US$127.1 million higher than that of 2017 with improved operating results. The
capital payments in 2018 mainly reflected the scheduled stage payments arranged for the ordered vessels and the acquisition of
container and terminal equipment. The less drawdowns in 2018 also reflected decrease in financing of vessels delivered and less
financing made in relation to acquisition of equipment during the year. Total liquid asset balances decreased to US$2,246.8 million
at the end of 2018, against US$2,534.5 million in 2017.


Liquidity
As at 31st December 2018, the Group had total liquid asset balances of US$2,246.8 million compared with debt obligations of
US$501.9 million repayable in 2019. Total current assets at the end of 2018 amounted to US$3,247.2 million against total current
liabilities of US$1,512.9 million. The Group’s shareholders’ equity contains no loan capital. The Group from time to time prepares
and updates cashflow forecasts for asset acquisitions, to serve project development requirements, as well as working capital needs,
from time to time with the objective of maintaining a proper balance between a conservative liquidity level and an effective
investment of surplus funds.




                                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2018      49
Board of Directors

                                                      Mr. Xu Lirong, aged 61, has been an Executive Director and the Chairman
                                                      of the Board of Directors of the Company, and the chairman of the Executive
                                                      Committee and the Nomination Committee of the Company since 3rd
                                                      August 2018. He is also a director, the chairman of the board and a member
                                                      of the Executive Committee of Orient Overseas Container Line Limited, a
                                                      wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, since 3rd August 2018. Mr. Xu
                                                      holds an MBA degree from Shanghai Maritime University and is a senior
                                                      engineer. Mr. Xu is currently the chairman of the board and the Party
                                                      Secretary of China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation Limited (an indirect
                                                      controlling shareholder of the Company), and has been appointed as an
                                                      executive director and the chairman of the board of directors of COSCO
                                                      SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd. (an intermediate holding company of the
                                                      Company and listed in both Shanghai and Hong Kong) since 30th August
                                                      2018. Mr. Xu started his career in March 1975, and he had been the deputy
                                                      head of Ship Management Department, the assistant to the general manager,
                                                      the deputy general manager and the general manager of Shanghai Ocean
                                                      Shipping Co., Ltd., the deputy manager, the manager and the Party Secretary
                                                      of COSCO Shanghai Freight Forwarding Company, the president and the
                                                      Party Secretary of Shanghai Shipping Exchange, the general manager, a
                                                      member of the Party Committee and the deputy Party Secretary of COSCO
                                                      SHIPPING Lines Co., Ltd., the deputy general manager, a member of the
                                                      Party Committee and the deputy secretary of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings
Xu Lirong                                             Co., Ltd., the vice president, the chairman of labour union and a member
                                                      of the Party Committee of China Ocean Shipping Company Limited, the
                                                      director, the general manager, a member of the Party Committee, the
                                                      chairman of the board and the Party Secretary of China Shipping Group
                                                      Company Limited.




                                          Mr. Huang Xiaowen, aged 56, has been an Executive Director and the Chief Executive
                                          Officer of the Company, and a member of the Executive Committee and the chairman
                                          of the Inside Information Committee and the Risk Committee of the Company since 3rd
                                          August 2018. He is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Huang
                                          holds an EMBA degree from China Europe International Business School and is a senior
                                          engineer. Mr. Huang is currently the deputy general manager and a Party Committee
                                          member of China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation Limited (“China COSCO SHIPPING”,
                                          an indirect controlling shareholder of the Company), the vice chairman and an executive
                                          director of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd. (an intermediate holding company
                                          of the Company and listed in both Shanghai and Hong Kong), the chairman of the
                                          board of directors and a non-executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Ports Limited (a
                                          company listed in Hong Kong), the chairman of the board of COSCO SHIPPING Lines
                                          Co., Ltd., the chairman of the board and an executive director of COSCO SHIPPING
                                          Energy Transportation Co., Ltd. (a company listed in both Shanghai and Hong Kong),
                                          the chairman of the board of COSCO SHIPPING Bulk Co., Ltd., and a director of certain
                                          subsidiaries of China COSCO SHIPPING. Mr. Huang started his career in 1981, and
Huang Xiaowen                             he had been the section chief of the container shipping section of Guangzhou Ocean
                                          Shipping Company Limited, the general manager of container transportation department
                                          of China Ocean Shipping Company Limited, the container business advisor of Shanghai
                                          Haixing Shipping Co., Ltd., the deputy general manager, the managing director and the
                                          deputy Party Secretary of COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd., the chairman of
                                          China Shipping Haisheng Co., Ltd., the deputy general manager and a member of the
                                          Party Committee of China Shipping Group Company Limited. Mr. Huang has more than
                                          30 years of experience in the shipping industry.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
50   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                                      Board of Directors



Mr. Wang Haimin, aged 46, has been an Executive Director of the Company and
a member of the Executive Committee, the Finance Committee, the Compliance
Committee, the Inside Information Committee and the Risk Committee of the Company
since 3rd August 2018. He has been a director, the co-Chief Executive Officer and a
member of the Executive Committee of Orient Overseas Container Line Limited, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, since 3rd August 2018. He is also a director
of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Wang holds a master degree in business
administration from Fudan University and is an engineer. Mr. Wang is currently an
executive director, the general manager and the deputy Party Secretary of COSCO
SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd. (“COSCO SHIPPING Holdings”, an intermediate holding
company of the Company and listed in both Shanghai and Hong Kong), a director of
China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation Limited (“China COSCO SHIPPING”, an indirect
controlling shareholder of the Company), the managing director and the deputy Party
Secretary of COSCO SHIPPING Lines Co., Ltd. (“COSCO SHIPPING Lines”), and a non-
executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Ports Limited (“COSCO SHIPPING Ports”, a
                                                                                            Wang Haimin
company listed in Hong Kong). Mr. Wang had been the head of planning and cooperation
department of the strategic planning division, the deputy general manager of the
corporation planning division and the general manager of the strategy and development
division of COSCO SHIPPING Lines, the general manager of the transportation division
of China COSCO SHIPPING, the deputy general manager of COSCO SHIPPING Ports
(person in charge), the deputy general manager (person in charge), the deputy Party
Secretary and the general manager of COSCO SHIPPING Lines, and the deputy general
manager of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings. Mr. Wang has over 20 years of experience in
corporate management in the shipping industry. He has extensive experience in container
shipping, operation of terminal and enterprise management.



Mr. Zhang Wei, aged 45, has been an Executive Director of the Company and a member
of the Executive Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Inside Information
Committee and the Risk Committee of the Company since 3rd August 2018. Mr. Zhang
holds a master degree in management from Fudan University and is an engineer. Mr.
Zhang is currently the vice chairman of the board of directors, an executive director and
the general manager of COSCO SHIPPING Ports Limited (a company listed in Hong
Kong), and an executive director and deputy general manager of COSCO SHIPPING
Holdings Co., Ltd. (an intermediate holding company of the Company and listed in both
Shanghai and Hong Kong), and a non-executive director of Qingdao Port International
Co., Ltd. (a company listed in Hong Kong). Mr. Zhang had been the executive deputy
general manager of the American trade division of COSCO SHIPPING Lines Co., Ltd.
(“COSCON”), the deputy general manager of the American Branch of COSCON, the
general manager of the strategy and development division of COSCON, the general
manager of the transportation division, the general manager of the operating management
division and the executive deputy director of the integration management office of China
                                                                                            Zhang Wei
Ocean Shipping Company Limited/COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd. Mr. Zhang
has over 20 years of work experience in the shipping industry. He has extensive work
experience in container shipping, strategic planning and enterprise management.




                                                                                       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2018      51
Board of Directors



                                          Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew, aged 54, has been an Executive Director of the Company
                                          since 2nd November 2011 and is a member of the Executive Committee, the Finance
                                          Committee, the Inside Information Committee and the Risk Committee of the Company.
                                          He has been a Director and a member of the Executive Committee of Orient Overseas
                                          Container Line Limited (“OOCLL”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, since
                                          March 2006. He was the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Managing Director of
                                          OOCLL from 1st July 2012 to 2nd August 2018, and has been re-designated to co-Chief
                                          Executive Officer of OOCLL since 3rd August 2018. He is also a director of various
                                          subsidiaries of the Company. Between 1993 and 1998, he has served the Group in various
                                          capacities including Director of Reefer Trade of OOCLL. The last position Mr. Tung
                                          held in Hong Kong Dragon Airlines Limited prior to joining OOCLL in 2006 was the
                                          Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Tung holds a Bachelor degree from Princeton University
                                          and a Master of Business Administration degree from Stanford University in the USA.
                                          Mr. Tung is an Independent Non-Executive Director of Cathay Pacific Airways Limited
                                          (a company listed in Hong Kong) and Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited.
Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew
                                          He is currently a member of the Hong Kong Logistics Development Council, a member
                                          of the Hong Kong Maritime and Port Board, the Chairman of the Maritime and Port
                                          Development Committee; and a member of the Chief Executive’s Council of Advisers on
                                          Innovation and Strategic Development since 21st March 2018. He was the Vice-Chairman
                                          of the International Chamber of Commerce Commission for Transport & Logistics and a
                                          member of the Executive Committee of Hong Kong Shipowners Association.




                                          Mr. Yan Jun, aged 51, has been a Non-Executive Director of the Company and a member
                                          of the Nomination Committee and the Risk Committee of the Company since 3rd August
                                          2018. Mr. Yan holds an MBA Degree in Business Management from Antai College of
                                          Economics and Management of Shanghai Jiaotong University. Mr. Yan is currently Vice
                                          Secretary of the CPC Committee, Board Director and President of Shanghai International
                                          Port (Group) Co., Ltd. (“SIPG”) (a company listed in Shanghai). Mr. Yan had been a
                                          Member of the CPC Committee of Shanghai Port Container Terminal Co., Ltd (“SPCT”);
                                          Branch Secretary of the CPC Committee and General Manager of SPCT, Waigaoqiao
                                          Terminal Branch; Secretary of the CPC Committee and General Manager of SIPG
                                          Zhendong Container Terminal Branch; Secretary of the CPC Committee, Board Director
Yan Jun                                   and General Manager of SIPG Jiujiang Port Co., Ltd; Assistant to President, Vice Secretary
                                          of the CPC Committee, and Vice President of SIPG.




                                          Ms. Wang Dan, aged 49, has been a Non-Executive Director of the Company and a
                                          member of the Risk Committee of the Company since 3rd August 2018. Ms. Wang
                                          holds a master degree in International Finance from the Graduate School of the People’s
                                          Bank of China, now known as Tsinghua University PBC School of Finance. Ms. Wang
                                          is an Executive Vice President of the Silk Road Fund Co., Ltd. (“SRF”) and a director of
                                          SIBUR Holding (a public joint stock company in Russia with its bonds traded on Moscow
                                          Exchange). Ms. Wang had worked at the International Department and the Monetary
                                          Policy Department II of the People’s Bank of China (PBOC), and also served as an
                                          advisor to the Executive Director for China of PBOC at the International Monetary Fund.
                                          Before joining SRF, she served as the Deputy Director-General of the Monetary Policy
                                          Department II of PBOC.
Wang Dan




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
52   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                                    Board of Directors



Mr. Ip Sing Chi, aged 65, has been a Non-Executive Director of the Company and a
member of the Risk Committee of the Company since 3rd August 2018. Mr. Ip holds
a bachelor of Arts degree. He is currently the Group Managing Director of Hutchison
Port Holdings Limited and the chairman of Yantian International Container Terminals
Limited. He is also an executive director of Hutchison Port Holdings Management
Pte. Limited (the trustee-manager of Hutchison Port Holdings Trust which is listed in
Singapore), an independent non-executive director, the chairman of the Remuneration
and Appraisal Committee, a member of the Strategy Committee and the Nomination
Committee of COSCO SHIPPING Energy Transportation Co., Ltd. (a company listed in
both Shanghai and Hong Kong), an independent non-executive director of Piraeus Port
Authority S.A., and a non-independent non-executive director of Westports Holdings
Berhad (a company listed in Malaysia). Mr. Ip was the founding chairman (in 2000-2001)
of the Hong Kong Container Terminal Operators Association Limited, and he had been an
outside director of Hyundai Merchant Marine Co., Ltd. (a company listed in Korea), and
                                                                                          Ip Sing Chi
an independent non-executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Ports Limited (a company
listed in Hong Kong). Mr. Ip has over 35 years of experience in the maritime industry.




Ms. Cui Hongqin, aged 45, has been a Non-Executive Director of the Company and a
member of the Risk Committee of the Company since 3rd August 2018. Ms. Cui holds a
bachelor degree in Economics from Shanxi University of Economics and Management,
and is a senior accountant and certified public accountant. She is currently the deputy
director of the Finance Department of State Development & Investment Corp., Ltd., a
director and the general manager of Rongshi International Holding Company Limited, a
director and the general manager of SDIC Finance Leasing Co., Ltd. Ms. Cui held various
positions in State Development and Investment Corporation, including assistant to the
director of the Finance and Accounts Department, head of the Funds Department, the
deputy director, the deputy director (person in charge) and the business head of the
Accounts Department, and the senior business manager of the Planning and Finance
Department.                                                                               Cui Hongqin




Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah, aged 71, has been an Independent Non-Executive Director
of the Company since 2nd January 2015. He is the chairman of the Remuneration
Committee and a member of the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee, the
Finance Committee, the Share Committee and the Risk Committee of the Company. He
was an Executive Director of the Company from 1st December 2003 to 30th June 2012,
a Non-Executive Director of the Company from 1st July 2012 to 1st January 2015 and a
consultant of the Company from 1st July 2012 to 31st December 2014. Mr. Chow holds a
Bachelor of Science degree in Chemistry and Physics from the University of Hong Kong
and a Master of Business Administration degree from the Chinese University of Hong
Kong. He did not hold directorships in any other public companies listed in Hong Kong
and overseas in the last three years.                                                     Chow Philip Yiu Wah




                                                                                     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2018      53
Board of Directors



                                          Professor Wong Yue Chim Richard, aged 66, has been an Independent Non-Executive
                                          Director of the Company since December 2003. He is the chairman of the Audit
                                          Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company. He
                                          graduated from University of Chicago with Bachelor’s, Master’s and Ph.D. degrees in
                                          Economics and is Chair of Economics at The University of Hong Kong. He has been
                                          active in advancing economic research on policy issues in Hong Kong and China. He
                                          was awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star in 1999 by the Government of the Hong Kong
                                          Special Administrative Region for his contributions in education, housing, industry
                                          and technology development. He was appointed Justice of the Peace in July 2000.
                                          Professor Wong is currently an Independent Non-Executive Director of three other
                                          listed companies in Hong Kong, namely Great Eagle Holdings Limited, Pacific Century
                                          Premium Developments Limited and Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited. He was formerly
                                          an Independent Non-Executive Director of CK Life Sciences Int’l., (Holdings) Inc., a
Wong Yue Chim Richard                     company listed in Hong Kong, and Link Asset Management Limited, the manager of Link
                                          Real Estate Investment Trust, a unit trust listed in Hong Kong.




                                          Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson, GBS, JP , aged 67, has been an Independent Non-
                                          Executive Director of the Company and the chairman of the Finance Committee and a
                                          member of the Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee of the Company since
                                          3rd August 2018. Dr. Chung holds a bachelor of Science degree from the University of
                                          Hong Kong, a master degree in Business Administration from the Chinese University of
                                          Hong Kong and a honorary doctoral degree in Social Sciences from the City University
                                          of Hong Kong. He is a fellow member of The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
                                          Accountants. Dr. Chung is currently an independent non-executive director of China
                                          Everbright Limited, China Overseas Grand Oceans Group Limited, China Unicom (Hong
                                          Kong) Limited, Glorious Sun Enterprises Limited, Jinmao Hotel and Jinmao (China)
                                          Hotel Investments and Management Limited, Miramar Hotel and Investment Company,
                                          Limited (all listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange); and China Construction Bank
                                          Corporation and China Railway Group Limited (both listed on the Stock Exchanges in
                                          both Hong Kong and Shanghai); and an external director of China COSCO SHIPPING
Chung Shui Ming Timpson
                                          Corporation Limited (an indirect controlling shareholder of the Company). Dr. Chung
                                          had been an audit supervisor I of Coopers & Lybrand, an independent director of China
                                          State Construction Engineering Corporation Limited (listed on the Shanghai Stock
                                          Exchange), an independent non-executive director of Henderson Land Development
                                          Company Limited (listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange), the chairman of China
                                          Business of Jardine Fleming Holdings Limited and the deputy chief executive officer
                                          of BOC International Limited. Dr. Chung is currently a member of the 13th National
                                          Committee of the Chinese People ’ s Political Consultative Conference and a Pro-
                                          Chancellor of the City University of Hong Kong. He had also served many public
                                          organizations, including the chairman of the Council of the City University of Hong Kong,
                                          the chairman of the Hong Kong Housing Society and a member of the Executive Council
                                          of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
54   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                                       Board of Directors



Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip, aged 70, has been an Independent Non-Executive Director
of the Company and the chairman of the Share Committee and a member of the Audit
Committee and the Nomination Committee of the Company since 3rd August 2018. Mr.
Yang is currently an independent non-executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings
Co., Ltd. (an intermediate holding company of the Company and listed in both Shanghai
and Hong Kong). He is a full time arbitrator in international commercial and maritime
arbitration, the Honorary Chairman of Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre,
the member of the International Advisory Board of China International Economic and
Trade Arbitration Commission, the Asian International Arbitration Centre in Malaysia
and the Korean Commercial Arbitration Board, the member of the General Committee
of Singapore Chamber of Maritime Arbitration. Mr. Yang had been the chairman of
Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre, the vice Chairman of the Documentary
Committee of the Baltic International Maritime Council in Denmark, the President             Yang Liang Yee Philip
of Asia-Pacific Regional Arbitration Group, the Hong Kong representative of ICC
International Court of Arbitration, the Chairman of the East Asia branch of the Chartered
Institute of Arbitrators. Mr. Yang has extensive experience in dealing with cases related
to international commercial, maritime and trade law and is very familiar with laws
and practice in such areas. He acts as an arbitrator in Hong Kong, London, Singapore,
Malaysia, Australia, Austria, Korea, the USA and the PRC and has published/issued over
600 arbitration awards in the past over 30 years as a sole or co-arbitrator. He has also
published many books and articles on international commercial, maritime and trade law
and practice. Mr. Yang also devoted himself to the educational activities in various law
schools in Hong Kong and Mainland China and is a visiting professor in more than ten
universities.


Ms. Chen Ying, aged 48, has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of the
Company and a member of the Audit Committee, the Finance Committee and the Share
Committee of the Company since 3rd August 2018. Ms. Chen holds a master degree in
Business Administration from Fudan University, MBA (Finance and Finance major) in
Maastricht college in Netherland and graduated from the Finance Department of Renmin
University of China. She has qualified as a certified public accountant in Australia, CIMA
(registered management accountant) and a senior accountant in China. Ms. Chen had
been the vice chairman of Shanghai Chongyang Investment Co., Ltd. from March 2016
to June 2018. During the period from 1993 to 2016, she had been the deputy general
manager and the secretary of the board of directors of Baoshan Iron Steel Co., Ltd,
the secretary of the board of directors, the assistant general manager and the deputy
general manager of the Baosteel Group Co., Ltd. Ms. Chen has more than twenty years’
experience in financial management of large enterprises, more than ten years’ experience
                                                                                             Chen Ying
as top executives in the top 500 of the world companies and has extensive experience in
corporate finance and accounting management, capital market communication, corporate
governance, internal control and risk management.




                                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2018      55
Senior Management




                        Xiang Chen                                                       Erxin Yao

Ms. Chen, aged 55, has been the Director and a member of         Mr. Yao, aged 62, has been the Director and a member of
Executive Committee of OOCL and was also appointed the           Executive Committee of OOCL since January 2010, and the
Director of Strategy Coordination since August 2018. She         Director of Corporate Planning and Corporate Administration
started her career in 1985 and served successively as Deputy     since January 2013. He joined the Group in 1993 and has
Manager, Manager, Deputy General Manager of Marketing            served the Group in various capacities for 25 years, including
Division, General Manager of Business and Process System         as Executive Vice-President and Head of Corporate Services
Division of COSCON. She was a Deputy Managing Director           of OOCL Logistics in Hong Kong, Managing Director of
of COSCON from 2006 to 2016, and has been the Deputy             Orient Overseas Container Line (China) Co., Ltd. and OOCL
Managing Director of COSCO SHIPPING Lines since 2016.            Logistics (China) Limited based in Shanghai, and President
Ms. Chen graduated from Shanghai Maritime University,            of OOCL (USA) Inc. Mr. Yao holds a Bachelor of Arts from
majoring in Transportation and Management. She has a             Toronto/Fudan University joint program and a Master of
Master’s degree and the qualification of Senior Economist.       International Affairs from Columbia University.




                         Stephen Ng                                                  Mingwen Zhang

Mr. Ng, aged 60, has been the Director and a member of           Mr. Zhang, aged 41, has been the Director and a member
Executive Committee of OOCL since August 2010, and the           of Executive Committee of OOCL since August 2018, and
Director of Trades since July 2012. He is also the official      was also appointed the Chief Financial Officer of COSCO
spokesperson for OOCL. Before being transferred back to          SHIPPING Holdings, OOIL and OOCL. He has nearly 20
Hong Kong in 2010 to serve as the Director of Corporate          years of working experience in the shipping industry. Mr.
Planning, he worked in California for seven years as Head        Zhang graduated from the Faculty of Finance at the Shanghai
of Trans-Pacific Trade. He joined the Group in 1987 and          University of Finance and Economics, majoring in Investment
has served in various capacities for 31 years. Mr. Ng holds a    Economics, and from the Antai College of Economics &
Bachelor of Social Sciences degree from the University of Hong   Management at the Shanghai Jiao Tong University, majoring
Kong and a Master of Business Administration degree from the     in Business Administration where he obtained a Bachelor’s
Chinese University of Hong Kong.                                 degree in Economics and a Master ’ s degree in Business
                                                                 Administration. Mr. Zhang is a Chartered Financial Analyst
                                                                 (CFA) and a Senior Accountant.
     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
56   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                                   Senior Management




                          Steve Siu                                                       Lammy Lee

Mr. Siu, aged 61, has been the Director and a member of            Ms. Lee, aged 57, has been the Director and a member of
Executive Committee of OOCL since November 2006 and                Executive Committee of OOCL since April 2011. She was
was appointed Chief Information Officer. He was the Chief          appointed the Company Secretary and Group Legal Advisor of
Executive Officer of CargoSmart since January 2002. He             OOIL since February 1997 and Compliance Officer of OOIL
joined the Group in 1987 and has served the Group in various       since June 2004. She joined the Group in 1988 and has served
capacities for 31 years. Mr. Siu holds a Bachelor of Science and   the Group in various capacities for 30 years. Ms. Lee holds
a Master of Science from University of Essex, UK, and a Master     a Bachelor of Laws from Queen Mary College, University of
of Business Administration jointly organized by Northwestern       London, a Barrister and member of Lincoln’s Inn and admitted
University and the Hong Kong University of Science and             as an advocate and solicitor of the High Court of Malaya.
Technology.




                    Michael Fitzgerald                                                      Kenny Ye

Mr. Fitzgerald, aged 45, has been the Director of OOCL since       Mr. Ye, aged 55, has been the Director of OOCL since June
June 2018 and a member of Executive Committee since 2014.          2018 and was appointed Chief Executive Officer of OOCL
He joined the group in September 2014 as Group Finance             Logistics and a member of Executive Committee of OOCL
Director and has been the Group Deputy Chief Financial             since November 2015. He joined the Group in 1994 and has
Officer since December 2015. He started his career at KPMG         served the Group in various capacities for 24 years. Following
in London in August 1995, and having qualified as a Chartered      his assignment in Shanghai, he was transferred to Hong
Accountant, moved to the Structured Finance division of            Kong in 2004 and has served the Group in various capacities,
Société Générale in January 1999, where he enjoyed an almost       including as Director of Asia-Europe Trade, Director of
16-year career, holding various posts in London, Hong Kong         Intra-Asia Trade and the Chief Operating Officer of OOCL
                                                                   Logistics. Mr. Ye holds a Diploma of Accounting in Lixin
and Paris. Mr. Fitzgerald holds the degrees of Bachelor and
                                                                   Accounting Institute and a Master of Business Administration
Master of Arts from the University of Oxford, and is a Fellow
                                                                   from Oklahoma City University.
of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and
Wales.
                                                                                       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2018      57
Senior Management




                      Raymond Fung                                                    Teddy Fung

Mr. Fung, aged 60, has been the Director of OOCL since          Mr. Fung, aged 58, has been the Director of OOCL since June
June 2018 and a member of Executive Committee since             2018 and a member of Executive Committee since November
November 2015. He was appointed Director of Trades since        2015. He was appointed the Director of Regions Management
January 2016 and Director of Intra-Asia Trade until 2015. Mr.   since January 2016 and Director of Corporate Operation since
Fung joined the Group in 1983 and has served the Group in       September 2013. He joined the Group in 1994 and has served
various capacities for 35 years, including as General Manager   the Group in various capacities for 24 years, including as
of Operations, Managing Director of OOCL (UAE), Director        General Manager of OOCL South China sub-region, Director
of Australia Trade, and General Manager of Corporate            of Reefer Trade, and Managing Director of OOCL Hong
Methods and Tools. Mr. Fung holds a Bachelor of Business        Kong Branch. Mr. Fung holds a Bachelor of Social Science in
Administration General Business Management from the             Economics and a Master of Arts in Transport Studies from the
Chinese University of Hong Kong.                                University of Hong Kong.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
58   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                 Financial Calendar


Announcement of results for the half year ended 30th June 2018                                               3rd August 2018




Despatch of 2018 Interim Report to shareholders                                                            30th August 2018




Announcement of results for the year ended 31st December 2018                                               22nd March 2019




Despatch of 2018 Annual Report to shareholders                                                                25th April 2019




Closure of the Register of Members                                                                          10th May 2019 to
(to ascertain the shareholders entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting)                     17th May 2019
                                                                                                        (Both days inclusive)




2018 Annual General Meeting                                                                                   17th May 2019




Closure of the Register of Members                                                                         24th May 2019 to
(to ascertain the shareholders entitled to receive the proposed final dividend                                28th May 2019
for the year ended 31st December 2018)                                                                  (Both days inclusive)




                                                                                      Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2018      59
Shareholder Information

ORDINARY SHARES
Issued shares                          625,793,297 shares (as at 31st December 2018)
Nominal value per share                US$0.10
Board lot                              500 shares


ANNUAL REPORT
This annual report is available in both English and Chinese.


Shareholders can obtain copies by writing to the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar:
  Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
  17M Floor, Hopewell Centre
  183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong


If you are not a shareholder, please write to:
  Orient Overseas (International) Limited
  31st Floor, Harbour Centre
  25 Harbour Road
  Wanchai, Hong Kong
  Attention: Company Secretary


This annual report is also available at our website at http://www.ooilgroup.com.


SHAREHOLDER SERVICES
Any matter relating to your shareholding, including transfer of shares, change of name or address and loss of share certificates,
should be addressed in writing to:
     Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
     17M Floor, Hopewell Centre
     183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
     Telephone: (852) 2862 8555           Facsimile: (852) 2865 0990


SHAREHOLDER ENQUIRIES
Any matter relating to shareholders’ rights should be addressed in writing to:
  Orient Overseas (International) Limited
  31st Floor, Harbour Centre
  25 Harbour Road
  Wanchai, Hong Kong
  Attention: Company Secretary


Our enquiry hotline is operational during normal office hours:
     Telephone: (852) 2833 3888           Facsimile: (852) 2531 8147




       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
60     Annual Report 2018
                                                                                               Shareholder Information



SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
Ordinary shareholder information as at 31st December 2018:


Type of shareholders

                                                               Shareholders                             Shares of US$0.10 each
 Type of shareholders                                    Number           Percentage                 Number             Percentage
 Corporate                                                     18               3.0769%           624,731,734            99.8304%
 Individual                                                   567           96.9231%                1,061,563              0.1696%

                                                              585               100.00%           625,793,297              100.00%


Distribution of shareholdings

                                                               Shareholders                             Shares of US$0.10 each
 Size of shareholdings                                   Number           Percentage                 Number             Percentage
 1 – 10,000                                                   568           97.0940%                  504,009              0.0805%
 10,001 – 100,000                                              13               2.2222%               398,203              0.0636%
 100,001 – 1,000,000                                            1               0.1710%               259,000              0.0414%
 1,000,001 or above                                             3               0.5128%           624,632,085            99.8145%

                                                              585               100.00%           625,793,297              100.00%


Ten largest ordinary shareholders
At 31st December 2018, the interests of the ten largest ordinary shareholders of the Company, as recorded in the Company’s
principal register and Hong Kong branch register of members, were as follows:


                                                                                             Number of
 Name of ordinary shareholders                                                   ordinary shares held                   Percentage

 Faulkner Global Holdings Limited                                                           315,779,045                     50.46%
 HKSCC Nominees Limited                                                                     246,899,504                     39.45%
 Shanghai Port Group (BVI) Development Co., Limited                                          61,953,536                      9.90%
 Mok Kwun Cheung                                                                                 259,000                     0.04%
 Po Leung Kuk                                                                                     70,500                     0.01%
 Fung Sun Kwan                                                                                    45,022                     0.01%
 Ho Hin Kwong                                                                                     42,454                     0.01%
 Ho Fuk Chuen                                                                                     40,000                     0.01%
 Leung Wong Kit Ling                                                                              35,000                     0.01%
 Chow Mung Ha                                                                                     32,420                     0.01%




                                                                                          Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2018      61
Corporate Governance Report

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Board of Directors (the “Board”) and the management of the Company are committed to maintaining high standards of

corporate governance and the Company considers that effective corporate governance makes an important contribution to

corporate success and to the enhancement of shareholder value.



The Company has adopted its own corporate governance code (the “CG Code”), which in addition to applying the principles as set

out in the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report (the “SEHK Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the

Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), also incorporates

and conforms to local and international best practices. The CG Code sets out the corporate governance principles applied by the

Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) and is constantly reviewed to ensure transparency, accountability and independence.



Throughout the year 2018, the Company complied with the SEHK Code, save for the following:



•    Code Provision

     •    Prior to 3rd August 2018, Mr. Tung Chee Chen, the ex-Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive

          Director of the Company, assumed the roles of both Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. After close

          of the Offer (as defined in the composite document dated 6th July 2018) on 27th July 2018, there were changes to the

          Board composition and the Board committees and other key positions of the Group. With effect from 3rd August 2018,

          and with the appointment of Mr. Xu Lirong and Mr. Huang Xiaowen as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the

          Company respectively on the same date, the Company has complied with all the code provisions of the SEHK Code.



•    Recommended Best Practices

     •    the remuneration of senior management is disclosed in bands

     •    operational results, instead of financial results, are announced and published quarterly




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
62   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                     Corporate Governance Report



We have set out in this report our guiding principles and rationale for implementation of the CG Code as well as the status of the
Company’s compliance with Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules during the year 2018:

A. BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     1. Board Composition
          The Board is currently comprised of five Executive Directors, four Non-Executive Directors and five Independent Non-
          Executive Directors.

          Executive Directors
          Mr. Xu Lirong (Chairman)
          Mr. Huang Xiaowen (Chief Executive Officer)
          Mr. Wang Haimin
          Mr. Zhang Wei
          Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew

          Non-Executive Directors
          Mr. Yan Jun
          Ms. Wang Dan
          Mr. Ip Sing Chi
          Ms. Cui Hongqin

          Independent Non-Executive Directors
          Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah
          Professor Wong Yue Chim Richard
          Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson
          Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip
          Ms. Chen Ying

          The biographical details of the Directors are set out on the Company’s website at http://www.ooilgroup.com and on
          pages 50 to 55 of this annual report.

          The Directors have formal letters of appointment setting out the key terms and conditions of their appointment, and are
          for a fixed term of three years and subject to re-election by rotation at least once every three years.

          The Directors have extensive corporate and strategic planning experience and industry knowledge. All Independent
          Non-Executive Directors are financially independent from the Group bringing independent and diversified experience,
          competencies, skills and judgment to the Group’s strategy and policies through their informed contributions. The Board
          considers that there is a reasonable balance between the Executive Directors and the Non-Executive Directors and has
          provided adequate checks and balances for safeguarding the interests of the shareholders and the Group.

          The Company has received from each Independent Non-Executive Director a written annual confirmation of their
          independence and considers that all the Independent Non-Executive Directors have satisfied their independence to the
          Group up to the date of this annual report.

          During the year 2018, the Board complied with the Listing Rules’ requirement in having at least three Independent Non-
          Executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board, including at least one with appropriate professional
          qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.

          Directors’ and Officers’ Liabilities Insurance
          Since 1992, the Company has arranged insurance cover for directors’ and officers’ liabilities including cover for
          Directors, officers and senior management of the Group arising out of corporate activities.




                                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2018      63
Corporate Governance Report



     2. Board and Management Responsibilities
          The Board is responsible for the overall strategic direction and management of the business and affairs of the Group
          with the objective of enhancing shareholder value and presenting a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of
          the Company’s performance, position and prospects in the annual and interim reports, and announcements and other
          financial disclosures as required under the Listing Rules, and reports to regulators any information required to be
          disclosed pursuant to statutory requirements.

          The Board has a fiduciary duty and statutory responsibility towards the Company and the Group. Other responsibilities
          include formulation of the Group’s overall strategies and policies, setting of corporate and management targets and key
          operational initiatives, setting of policies on risk management and internal control systems pursuant to the Group’s
          strategic objectives, monitoring and control of operational and financial performance, and approval of budgets and
          major capital expenditures, major investments, material acquisitions and disposals of assets, corporate or financial
          restructuring, significant operational, financial and management matters.

          The Board delegates day-to-day management of the business of the Group to the management of the Group under the
          leadership and supervision of the Chief Executive Officer, who will organise, execute, implement and report to the
          Board on the adoption of the Company’s strategies, policies and objectives by the Group pursuant to the resolutions of
          the Board.

          The Board also delegates certain specific responsibilities to nine committees (Executive Committee, Audit Committee,
          Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee, Risk Committee, Compliance Committee, Finance Committee,
          Share Committee and Inside Information Committee). The composition and functions of each committee are described
          below. These committees have specific functions and authority to examine issues and report to the Board with their
          recommendations (if appropriate). The final decision rests with the Board, unless otherwise provided for in the terms of
          reference of the relevant committees.

          The Company Secretary provides the Directors with updates on developments regarding the Listing Rules and other
          applicable regulatory requirements. Any Director may request the Company Secretary to organise independent
          professional advice at the expense of the Company to assist the Directors to effectively discharge their duties to the
          Company. No such independent professional advice was requested by any Director in year 2018.

     3. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
          Mr. Xu Lirong is the Chairman of the Company and Mr. Huang Xiaowen is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company
          with the respective roles set out in writing.

          a.   The primary role of the Chairman is to provide leadership to the Board and to ensure that the Board functions
               effectively in the discharge of its responsibilities. His duties include to:

               –     ensure that Directors are briefed and have received timely, accurate, complete and clear information on issues
                     to be discussed at Board meetings;

               –     ensure that the Board works effectively and performs its responsibilities, and that all key and appropriate
                     issues are discussed in a timely manner and that good corporate governance practices and procedures are
                     established, implemented and maintained;

               –     approve the agenda drawn up by the Company Secretary for each Board meeting taking into account any
                     matter proposed by other Directors for inclusion in the agenda;

               –     promote a culture of openness and debate by facilitating the effective contribution of the Non-Executive
                     Directors (including Independent Non-Executive Directors) in particular and ensuring constructive relations
                     between the Executive Directors and the Non-Executive Directors; and encourage Directors with different
                     views to voice their concerns, allow sufficient time for discussion of issues and ensure that Board decisions
                     fairly reflect Board consensus;




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
64   Annual Report 2018
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report



        –    hold meetings at least annually with the Independent Non-Executive Directors without the presence of the
             other Directors;

        –    ensure effective communication with shareholders and that their views are communicated to the Board; and
             to

        –    attend the annual general meetings and invite the chairmen of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration
             Committee, the Nomination Committee and the other Board committees, or in the absence of the chairman
             of the respective Board committees, other members of the related Board committees to be available to answer
             questions at the annual general meetings.

        In case of an equality of votes at any Board meeting, the Chairman shall be entitled to a second or casting vote.

   b.   The primary role of the Chief Executive Officer is to be responsible for the day-to-day management and operation
        of the business of the Group. His duties include to:

        –    provide leadership and supervise the effective management of the Group and to establish and review from
             time to time the management system of the Group;

        –    set up programmes for management development and succession planning for the Group;

        –    monitor and control the operational and financial performance of the Group;

        –    organise, execute, implement and report to the Board on the adoption of the Company’s strategies, policies
             and objectives by the Group pursuant to the resolutions of the Board;

        –    provide information to the Board (as necessary) to enable the Board to monitor the performance of
             management and operation of the Group; and to

        –    organise the implementation of the Board’s decision and implement such duties as directed or delegated by
             the Board.

4. Board Meetings
   Regular Board meetings are scheduled one year in advance to maximise the attendance of Directors. The Board meets at
   least four times each year and has a formal schedule of matters referred to it for consideration and decision. Additional
   meetings may be convened as and when necessary. Notice of at least fourteen days is served for regular Board meetings
   and reasonable notice is given for all other Board meetings. Directors are consulted and provided with an opportunity
   to include matters to the agenda for discussion at the Board meetings. The Company Secretary assists the Chairman in
   preparing the agenda for each Board meeting and to ensure that applicable rules and regulations regarding the meetings
   are observed. The final agenda together with the Board papers are distributed to the Directors at least three days before
   the Board meetings.

   If a Director (who may also be a substantial shareholder of the Company) has a conflict of interest in any matter to be
   considered by the Board, the Company Secretary shall ensure that such matter is dealt with by a physical Board meeting
   rather than a written resolution. If considered appropriate, the Board meeting shall be attended by the Independent
   Non-Executive Directors who have no material interests in the matter. The affected Director shall abstain from voting
   on any such resolution in which they or any of their associates have a material interest and shall not be counted in the
   quorum present at that Board meeting.

   The Company Secretary shall ensure that the procedures and applicable rules and regulations are observed. Copies of all
   signed minutes of the Board are sent to the Directors for their records.




                                                                                  Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2018      65
Corporate Governance Report



     5. Director Induction and Continuous Professional Development
          Newly appointed Director will receive comprehensive induction on appointment to ensure understanding of the
          Directors’ responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant regulatory requirements.

          In addition to Directors’ attendance at meetings and review of papers and circulars provided by the Company, the
          Directors are committed to participating in continuous professional development programme to develop and refresh
          their knowledge and skills to help ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.

          The programme for continuous professional development of Directors takes various forms including:

          •      the Company briefing Directors on important issues which have a material impact on the Group’s business,
                 financial and operational matters including major investments, corporate governance practices and funding
                 strategy;

          •      Directors meeting senior management of the Group on issues specific to the Group’s business;

          •      Directors reading materials and updates on the regulatory changes followed by briefings by the Company Secretary
                 of the Company, if requested; and

          •      Directors attending external seminars on business, financial, governance, regulatory and other issues relevant to
                 the Group’s activities.

          Below is the record of participation in continuous professional development programme by the Directors of the
          Company in year 2018 relevant to the directors’ duties and responsibilities, regulatory updates and business, financial
          and operational matters of the Group.


                                                                                                           Attending external
                                                                                   Reading materials       seminars/briefings
              Executive Directors
              Mr. Xu Lirong (Note 1)                                                       ✓
              Mr. Huang Xiaowen (Note 1)                                                   ✓
              Mr. Wang Haimin (Note 1)                                                     ✓
              Mr. Zhang Wei (Note 1)                                                       ✓                        ✓
              Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew                                                  ✓
              Mr. Tung Chee Chen (Note 2)                                                  ✓                        ✓
              Mr. Tung Lieh Sing Alan (Note 2)                                             ✓
              Non-Executive Directors
              Mr. Yan Jun (Note 1)                                                         ✓
              Ms. Wang Dan (Note 1)                                                        ✓
              Mr. Ip Sing Chi (Note 1)                                                     ✓                        ✓
              Ms. Cui Hongqin (Note 1)                                                     ✓
              Professor Roger King (Note 2)                                                ✓
              Independent Non-Executive Directors
              Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah                                                      ✓
              Professor Wong Yue Chim Richard                                              ✓                        ✓
              Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson (Note 1)                                         ✓                        ✓
              Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip (Note 1)                                           ✓
              Ms. Chen Ying (Note 1)                                                       ✓                        ✓
              Mr. Simon Murray (Note 2)                                                    ✓                        ✓
              Mr. Cheng Wai Sun Edward (Note 2)                                            ✓                        ✓
              Mr. Kwok King Man Clement (Note 2)                                           ✓




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
66   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                   Corporate Governance Report



   Notes:
   1.    appointed as Directors of the Company with effect from 3rd August 2018.
   2.    resigned as Directors of the Company with effect from 3rd August 2018.


   Ms. Lammy Lee, the Company Secretary of the Company, undertook no less than fifteen hours of professional training
   in year 2018 to update her skills and knowledge.

6. Supply of and Access to Information
   All Directors have access to the Board’s and the Committees’ papers and other materials either from the Company
   Secretary or the Chairman or the Chief Executive Officer so that they are able to make informed decisions on matters
   placed before them.

7. Nomination of Directors
   The Company follows a formal, considered and transparent procedure for the appointment of new Directors based on
   a nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) formally adopted in 2018 providing the selection criteria of potential
   candidates for directorship of the Company, and the procedures for appointment of Directors of the Company and
   certain significant positions of the Group, for the Board to achieve a balance of skills, experience and diversity of
   perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s strategic focus and specific business needs. Recognising
   the vitality of diversity for the Board, the Company has also adopted a board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity
   Policy”) in 2013.

   The Nomination Committee reviews the structure, size and composition of the Board regularly and makes
   recommendation to the Board to complement the corporate strategy of the Company. The appointment of a new
   Director is a collective decision of the Board, taking into consideration both the Nomination Policy and the Board
   Diversity Policy. The Board believes that changes to the Board composition shall be managed without undue disruption,
   and shall continue to provide a balanced composition of the Executive Directors and the Non-Executive Directors
   (including Independent Non-Executive Directors) so that there is a strong independent element in the Board, which can
   effectively exercise independent judgement.

   Each Director shall, after his appointment and semi-annually thereafter, disclose to the Board the number and nature
   of offices held by such Director in other public companies and organisations and any other significant commitments,
   together with the identity of the public companies and organisations and an indication of time involved.

   At the annual general meeting of the Company held on 4th May 2018 (the “2017 AGM”), Mr. Tung Chee Chen,
   Professor Roger King and Mr. Cheng Wai Sun Edward retired and were re-elected as Directors of the Company, and they
   resigned from all positions in the Company with effect from 3rd August 2018 as a result of the completion of the Offer
   (as defined in the composite document dated 6th July 2018).

8. Board Committees
   In addition to the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee established in
   compliance with the Listing Rules, the other committees comprise of the Executive Committee, the Finance Committee,
   the Share Committee, the Compliance Committee, the Inside Information Committee and the Risk Committee.
   Each committee has its own well defined scope of duties and terms of reference. The terms of reference of the Audit
   Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee are available on the Company’s website and
   the HKEXnews website. The Company Secretary shall also make available the terms of reference of all the committees to
   any shareholder upon receipt of a written request from such shareholder. The members of a committee are empowered
   to make decisions on matters within the terms of reference of such committee. Copies of all signed minutes of the
   committees are sent to the members of the respective committees and the Directors of the Company for their records.




                                                                                    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2018      67
Corporate Governance Report



          a.   Executive Committee
               The Executive Committee was established in 1996. All its members are Executive Directors. It is currently
               comprised of Mr. Xu Lirong (chairman of the Executive Committee), Mr. Huang Xiaowen, Mr. Wang Haimin, Mr.
               Zhang Wei and Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew, with Ms. Lammy Lee as the secretary of the Executive Committee.

               The Executive Committee operates as an executive management committee under the direct authority of the Board.
               Its primary duties include to:

               –     formulate strategies and policies and to set corporate and management targets and operational initiatives and
                     policies on risk management and plans and operational directions for the Group;

               –     monitor, control and manage operational and financial performance and business affairs of the Group;

               –     review, discuss and approve (if appropriate) (i) press announcements, circulars and other documents
                     (including inside information and financial information) required to be disclosed pursuant to the Listing
                     Rules, regulatory or statutory requirements; (ii) submissions from the Compliance Committee, the Finance
                     Committee and the Share Committee and, if appropriate, to recommend to the Board for consideration and
                     approval;

               –     approve capital expenditure for a specified amount;

               –     liaise and consult with, advise and make recommendations to its subsidiaries and make such decisions with
                     regard thereto as the Executive Committee shall in its absolute discretion think fit, and refer such matters as it
                     thinks fit to the Board for consideration, approval and/or ratification, if necessary; and to

               –     report to the Board on its decisions, and any matter in respect of which it considers that action is needed, and
                     its recommendations as to the steps to be taken.

          b.   Audit Committee
               The Audit Committee was established in 1992. All its members are Independent Non-Executive Directors. It is
               currently comprised of Professor Wong Yue Chim Richard (chairman of the Audit Committee), Mr. Chow Philip
               Yiu Wah, Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson, Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip and Ms. Chen Ying, with Mr. Fung Yee Chung
               Vincent, the Head of Internal Audit as the secretary of the Audit Committee, and Ms. Lammy Lee as the assistant
               secretary of the Audit Committee.

               The Audit Committee is delegated by the Board with the responsibility to provide an independent review and
               supervision of financial reporting and to ensure the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal
               control systems and the adequacy of the external and internal audit. To perform its duties, the Audit Committee
               is provided with sufficient resources and is supported by the Internal Audit Department to examine all matters
               relating to the Group’s adopted accounting principles and practices and to review all material financial, operational
               and compliance controls. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are posted on the Company’s website.

               The primary duties of the Audit Committee include to:

               –     recommend to the Board the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditor, and to
                     approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor, and any question of its resignation
                     or dismissal;

               –     act as the key representative body overseeing the Company’s relation with the external auditor;

               –     seek from the external auditor, on an annual basis, information about policies and processes for maintaining
                     independence and monitoring compliance with relevant requirements, including provision of non-audit
                     services and requirements regarding rotation of audit partners and staff;




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
68   Annual Report 2018
                                                                      Corporate Governance Report



–   discuss with the external auditor any recommendation arising from the audit, and to review the external
    auditor’s management letter, any material queries raised by the external auditor to management about
    accounting records, financial statements or systems of control and management’s response, and to ensure that
    the Board will provide timely response to the issues raised in the external auditor’s management letter;

–   establish and review from time to time the procedure to review and monitor the external auditor’s
    independence and objectivity, and the effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with the applicable
    standards and the scope of the external auditor, and to discuss and understand the factors considered by the
    external auditor in determining the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before the audit
    commences;

–   establish and review from time to time the policy relating to hiring of employees or former employees of the
    external auditor and monitor the application of such policy; and to consider whether as a result of such hiring
    there has been any impairment of the auditor’s judgment or independence in respect of the audit;

–   establish and review from time to time the policy on engaging external auditor to supply non-audit services
    and to review such services do not impair the external auditor’s independence or objectivity in relation to
    non-audit services including whether the skills and experience of the external auditor make it a suitable
    supplier of non-audit services; whether there are safeguards in place to ensure that there is no threat to the
    objectivity and independence of the audit because the external auditor provides non-audit services; and
    the nature of non-audit services, the related fee levels and fee levels individually and in total relative to the
    external auditor;

–   review the Group’s financial and accounting policies and practices;

–   monitor the integrity of the Company’s financial statements, annual, quarterly (if prepared for publication)
    and interim financial reports and to review any significant financial reporting judgments contained in them,
    with particular focus on changes in accounting policies and practices, major judgmental areas, any significant
    audit adjustments, the going concern assumption and any qualifications, compliance with any applicable legal
    requirements and accounting standards, and compliance with the requirements of the Listing Rules and other
    legal requirements in relation to financial reporting;

–   consider any significant or unusual items that are, or may need to be, reflected in the report and financial
    statements and to give due consideration to any matter that has been raised by the Financial Compliance
    Officer of the Company, the external auditor, the Head of Internal Audit or the staff responsible for the
    accounting and financial reporting function;

–   review with the Group’s management, the external auditor and the internal auditor, the adequacy of the
    Group’s policies and procedures regarding internal control system (including financial, operational and
    compliance controls) to ensure that such system is effective with audit trails to protect the accuracy and
    integrity of financial data and to pursue relevant enquiries into matters having, or likely to have, a material
    effect on the business and financial conditions of the Group. The result of the review is to be reported in the
    Corporate Governance Report of the Company, including a Directors’ statement that they have conducted a
    review of its internal control system;

–   provide an independent review on the effectiveness of the risk management system including the risk
    management framework, policies and processes;

–   discuss with the management the scope and quality of the risk management and internal control systems
    and to ensure that management has performed its duty to have effective systems including the adequacy of
    resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget and experience of staff of the
    accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions;

–   review findings of internal investigation and management’s response of any suspected frauds or irregularities
    or failures of risk management and internal controls or infringements of laws, rules and regulations;




                                                                          Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2018      69
Corporate Governance Report



               –     review the scope and effectiveness of the internal audit functions and to review the results of the internal audit
                     functions regularly with the internal auditor matters including planning of the Audit Committee meetings
                     and, if required by the internal auditor, the internal audit programme; and to ensure co-ordination between
                     the internal and external auditors and that the internal audit function is adequately resourced and has
                     appropriate standing within the Company and to review and monitor its effectiveness;

               –     review the effectiveness and monitor the use of the whistleblowing policy and procedures for employees to
                     raise concerns, in confidence, to the Audit Committee about improprieties in financial reporting, internal
                     control and other matters; and to ensure that proper arrangements are in place for fair and independent
                     investigation of these improprieties and for appropriate follow-up action;

               –     report to the Board on the matters raised in the SEHK Code; and to

               –     report to the Board, identifying and making recommendations on any matter where action or improvement is
                     needed and to consider other topics identified and referred to the Audit Committee by the Board.

               Under the Group’s whistleblowing policy, employees may report any concern regarding accounting, internal
               accounting controls and auditing matters to the Audit Committee without fear of dismissal or retaliation, in order
               to ensure that the Group complies with all the applicable laws and regulations, accounting standards, accounting
               controls and audit practices. The Audit Committee will review each complaint and decide on how the investigation
               should be conducted. In year 2018, the Audit Committee received no complaint from employees.

               The Audit Committee held two meetings during the year ended 31st December 2018. The following is a summary
               of work performed by the Audit Committee during the year 2018:

               (i)   reviewed and discussed the annual financial statements for 2017 and the interim financial statements for 2018
                     with the external auditor and management of the Company, with recommendations to the Board for approval;

               (ii) reviewed the significant audit and accounting issues arising from the external auditor’s statutory audit of the
                    2017 annual financial statements and issues arising from the review of the 2018 interim financial statements;

               (iii) reviewed the impact of the new and revised accounting standards on the Company;

               (iv) reviewed the external auditor’s audit strategy and approach;

               (v) reviewed the non-audit services provided by the external auditor in 2017;

               (vi) met with the external auditor without the presence of the management to discuss issues from the audits and
                    any other matters the external auditor might raise;

               (vii) reviewed the Internal Audit Department’s audit objectives and approval of the annual internal audit plan;

               (viii) reviewed the findings and recommendations of the Internal Audit Department on the audits carried out on
                      the principal activities of the Group during the year 2017;

               (ix) reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems;

               (x) reviewed the relevant sections in the Corporate Governance Report for the year ended 31st December 2017
                   concerning the Audit Committee;

               (xi) reviewed the adequacy of the resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget
                    and experience of staff of the Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions;

               (xii) reviewed the continuing connected transactions and their annual caps;




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
70   Annual Report 2018
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report



     (xiii) reviewed the continuous implementation of the whistleblowing policy; and

     (xiv) reviewed and refined the terms of reference of the Audit Committee.

     The minutes of the Audit Committee meetings are prepared by the secretary of the Audit Committee with details of
     all matters considered by the attendees and of decisions reached, including any concern raised by the attendees and
     dissenting views expressed. The final version of the minutes is sent to the attendees for their records. The minutes
     are open for inspection by the Committee members and the Board members.

c.   Remuneration Committee
     The Remuneration Committee was established in 2005. A majority of its members are Independent Non-Executive
     Directors. It is currently comprised of Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah (chairman of the Remuneration Committee), Mr.
     Zhang Wei and Professor Wong Yue Chim Richard, with Ms. Lammy Lee as the secretary of the Remuneration
     Committee.

     The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include to:

     –    review and recommend to the Board the Company’s policy and structure of the remuneration of the Directors
          of the Company, senior management (including the chief executive officer of the principal division of the
          Group) and employees of the Group including performance-based bonus scheme on the basis that they are
          fairly but responsibly rewarded for their individual contribution to the overall performance of the Company;

     –    establish and review a formal and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy;

     –    (i) review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate
          goals and objectives; and determine the remuneration packages of individual Executive Directors of the
          Company and senior management (including the chief executive officer of the principal division of the
          Group); and (ii) recommend to the Board the remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors of the Company;

     –    consult the Chairman of the Board and/or Chief Executive Officer of the Company about their remuneration
          proposals for the other Executive Directors of the Company and senior management (including the chief
          executive officer of the principal division of the Group);

     –    review and approve compensation payable to the Executive Directors of the Company and senior management
          (including the chief executive officer of the principal division of the Group) for any loss or termination of
          office to ensure that it is consistent with contractual terms and is otherwise fair and not excessive;

     –    review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for misconduct
          to ensure that they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise reasonable and appropriate;

     –    ensure that no Director or any of his associates or senior management (including the chief executive officer of
          the principal division of the Group) is involved in deciding his own remuneration; and to

     –    advise the Board any matter relating to the remuneration or reward of the Executive Directors of the Company
          or senior management (including the chief executive officer of the principal division of the Group) or
          employees of the Group.




                                                                              Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                Annual Report 2018      71
Corporate Governance Report



               The Remuneration Committee held three meetings during the year ended 31st December 2018. The works
               performed by the Remuneration Committee during the year 2018 include:

               (i)   reviewed the Company’s policy and remuneration structure for the Directors of the Company, and the senior
                     management and employees of the Group, and ensured compliance of disclosure with the Listing Rules and in
                     line with best practices;

               (ii) reviewed the procedure for developing remuneration policy;

               (iii) reviewed the discretionary management bonus of the Executive Directors of the Company, and the senior
                     management and employees of the Group for the year 2017;

               (iv) reviewed and recommended to the Board or determined with delegated responsibilities, as the case may be,
                    in accordance with the terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee, the remuneration packages of the
                    Directors of the Company, and the senior management of the Group for the year 2018;

               (v) reviewed and recommended to the Board the fees payable to the newly appointed Directors and the members
                   of the Board committees of the Company, and Mr. Tung Lieh Sing Alan as the financial consultant of the
                   Company following his resignation; and

               (vi) reviewed and recommended to the Board the retention plan of valuable staff of the Company to ensure the
                    stability of the workforce.

               No Director was involved in determining his own remuneration.

          d.   Nomination Committee
               The Nomination Committee was established in 2012. A majority of its members are Independent Non-Executive
               Directors. It is currently comprised of Mr. Xu Lirong (chairman of the Nomination Committee), Mr. Yan Jun, Mr.
               Chow Philip Yiu Wah, Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson and Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip, with Ms. Lammy Lee as the
               secretary of the Nomination Committee.

               The primary duties of the Nomination Committee include to:

               –     review and recommend to the Board the Nomination Policy on selection criteria of potential candidates for
                     directorship of the Company;

               –     review and recommend to the Board the succession plan to ensure the stability of the Board to complement
                     the Company’s corporate strategy;

               –     review and report annually on implementation of the Board Diversity Policy and the Nomination Policy of the
                     Company, and progress (if relevant);

               –     review the structure, size and composition (including gender, age, cultural and education background,
                     ethnicity, skills, knowledge, industry experience and length of service) of the Board at least annually and
                     recommend any proposed change to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

               –     receive from the Board referral of suitable qualified candidate for it to assess if the potential candidate
                     meets the selection criteria, which shall be based on the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy
                     appropriate for the Group’s strategic focus and specific business needs; assess and recommend to the Board
                     for approval the nomination of a selected candidate as a director of the Company either to fill a casual vacancy
                     or as an addition to the existing Board and/or a member of any Board committee of the Company;

               –     review and recommend to the Board the appointment or re-appointment/re-election of Directors and
                     succession plan for Directors to maintain a balance of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity of
                     perspectives of the Board;



     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
72   Annual Report 2018
                                                                        Corporate Governance Report



–     assess and report to the Board the qualifications of any person proposed by a shareholder of the Company for
      election as a director of the Company to ensure compliance with the Nomination Policy of the Company and
      the requirements as provided in the Listing Rules are satisfied;

–     assess the independence of the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company;

–     regularly review and report to the Board the contribution required by a Director of the Company to perform
      his responsibilities and whether he is spending sufficient time in performing them;

–     assess performance of the Executive Directors and conduct a regular evaluation of the Board ’s performance by
      a member of the Nomination Committee, who is an Independent Non-Executive Director, and report results
      of the evaluation to the Board; and to

–     review the appointment of the chief executive officer of the principal division of the Group and report result
      of the review to the Board of the Company for consideration and approval.

The Nomination Committee held two meetings during the year ended 31st December 2018. The works performed
by the Nomination Committee during the year 2018 include:

(i)   reviewed the Company’s policy for nomination of Directors;

(ii) reviewed procedures for appointment of new Directors and plans for orderly succession;

(iii) reviewed the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy of the Company;

(iv) reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board of the Company;

(v) reviewed and recommended to the Board on the changes in the directorship and officership of the Company,
    the changes in the membership of certain committees of the Company, and the appointment of the financial
    consultant for transitional period;

(vi) recommended re-election of the retiring directors at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 4th
     May 2018;

(vii) assessed independence of the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company;

(viii) reviewed the contribution of the Directors of the Company for the year 2017; and

(ix) evaluated performance of the Board and assessed performance of the Executive Directors of the Company by
     a member of the Nomination Committee who is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company in
     accordance with the terms of reference of the Nomination Committee.

The Board Diversity Policy is summarised as follows:

–     the Company ensures that its Board has the appropriate balance of skills, breadth of experience, independence
      and objectivity, engagement and credibility, rigour and structure and diversity of perspectives of the Board
      required to support the execution of its strategic focus and specific business needs in order for the Board to be
      effective;

–     selection of candidates will be based on a range of perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age,
      cultural and educational background, ethnicity, industry experience, skills, knowledge and length of service.
      The Board’s appointment should be based on meritocracy and diversity of perspectives appropriate for the
      Group’s strategic focus and specific business needs and the contribution that the selected candidates will bring
      to the Board; and




                                                                           Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2018      73
Corporate Governance Report



               –     the Nomination Committee will take into consideration of the Board Diversity Policy in identifying and
                     nominating suitable qualified candidates to become members of the Board, and shall ensure that the selected
                     candidates shall have the breadth of experience, independence and objectivity, engagement and credibility,
                     rigour and structure.

               The Nomination Policy is summarised as follows:

               –     the Board is responsible for the selection and appointment of Directors of the Company and for nomination of
                     the Directors of the Company for election by the shareholders of the Company thereafter at regular intervals
                     by rotation so as to achieve a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the
                     requirements of the Company’s strategic focus and specific business needs. The Nomination Committee is
                     responsible for evaluating and nominating candidates for approval by the Board.

               –     the Nomination Committee will assess if the potential candidate meets the selection criteria, which shall
                     be based on the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy appropriate for the Company’s strategic
                     focus and specific business needs under the formalised procedure for selection and appointment of Directors
                     of the Company and key management of the principal division of the Group. Contribution by the potential
                     candidate shall bring to the Board reflecting the followings:

                     –    structure, size and composition of the current Board;

                     –    time commitment to the Board;

                     –    diversity of the Board in all its aspect as set out in the Board Diversity Policy;

                     –    reputation and integrity;

                     –    Board succession plan;

                     –    requirements as provided in the Listing Rules; and

                     –    other factors that the Board may consider appropriate.

               –     the Nomination Committee will monitor and review the Nomination Policy periodically to ensure that it
                     remains relevant to the Company’s strategic focus and business needs and reflects both current regulatory
                     requirements and good corporate governance.

          e.   Risk Committee
               The Risk Committee was established in 2015 and is currently comprised of Mr. Huang Xiaowen (chairman of the
               Risk Committee), Mr. Wang Haimin, Mr. Zhang Wei, Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew, Mr. Yan Jun, Ms. Wang Dan,
               Mr. Ip Sing Chi, Ms. Cui Hongqin, Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah, Mr. Zhang Mingwen and Ms. Lammy Lee, with Mr.
               Mok Yun Lee Paul as the secretary of the Risk Committee.

               The primary duties of the Risk Committee include to:

               –     establish risk appetite, risk management strategy, and a strong and independent internal control and review
                     systems;

               –     align strategic direction and business objective of the Group with risk appetite;

               –     oversight on adequacy of the Group’s risk management policies, process and system. In pursuing the Group’s
                     strategic direction and business objective, aims to optimise risk and return;

               –     identify, assess and manage principal risks to pursue the Group’s strategic and business objective;




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
74   Annual Report 2018
                                                                            Corporate Governance Report



     –     provide direction on the importance of risk management and risk management culture;

     –     formulate, implement and review environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) strategies of the Group; and
           to

     –     identify, assess and manage ESG-related risks and ensure appropriate and effective ESG risk management
           systems are in place.

     The Risk Committee held two meetings and passed resolutions by way of written resolution during the year ended
     31st December 2018. The works performed by the Risk Committee during the year 2018 include:

     (i)   reviewed and recommended to the Board the Group’s risk appetite, risk management strategies, risk
           management policies, process and system in pursuit of the Group’s strategic direction and business objectives;

     (ii) identified, reviewed, assessed and managed principal risks of the Group to pursue the Group’s strategic and
          business objectives;

     (iii) reviewed and reported to the Board the Company’s compliance with the SEHK Code in relation to the risk
           management; and

     (iv) reviewed and reported to the Board the Company’s compliance with the Listing Rules in relation to the ESG
          related compliance.

f.   Compliance Committee
     The Compliance Committee was established in 2004 and is currently comprised of Ms. Lammy Lee (chairperson of
     the Compliance Committee), Mr. Wang Haimin, Mr. Zhang Mingwen, Mr. Michael Fitzgerald, Mr. Lam Tuen Pei
     Pius and Mr. Fung Yee Chung Vincent. The Board has delegated the responsibility for monitoring the corporate
     governance compliance to the Compliance Committee.

     The primary duties of the Compliance Committee include to:

     –     review, monitor and provide administrative support on the compliance control of the Group and compliance
           of the following corporate governance functions of the Company:

           (a) on the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations to the
               Board;

           (b) on the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management of the
               Group;

           (c) on the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

           (d) on the development of the code of conduct and compliance manuals (if any) applicable to employees of
               the Group and Directors of the Company;

           (e) on the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and the SEHK Code;

           (f) to report the above items (a) to (e) to the Board regularly; and

           (g) to prepare (i) the Corporate Governance Report covering all mandatory disclosure requirements as set
               out in the Listing Rules; and/or (ii) information required to be disclosed by the Compliance Committee
               in the Company’s results announcements, the annual reports, the interim reports and any other
               documents, pursuant to the Listing Rules;




                                                                                  Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2018      75
Corporate Governance Report



               –     review and report to the Board regularly the shareholders’ communication policy to ensure its effectiveness;
                     and to

               –     ensure the Company is in compliance with the Listing Rules including disclosure and compliance obligations
                     for matters including notifiable transactions, connected transactions, continuing connected transactions,
                     advance to an entity, financial assistance and guarantees to affiliated companies of the Company, loan
                     agreements with covenants relating to specific performance of the controlling shareholder of the Company,
                     breach of a loan agreement by the Company, disclosure of financial information pursuant to Appendix 16 to
                     the Listing Rules, and general obligations of disclosure under rule 13.09 of the Listing Rules.

               The Compliance Committee held three meetings during the year ended 31st December 2018. The works performed
               by the Compliance Committee during the year 2018 include:

               (i)   reviewed the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance, risk management, and made
                     recommendations to the Board;

               (ii) reviewed and recommended to the Board the adoption of a dividend policy and the Nomination Policy and
                    the revisions to terms of reference of certain committees of the Company, the Company’s CG Code to align
                    and comply with the up-to-date SEHK Code and related Listing Rules;

               (iii) reviewed and monitored the training and continuous professional development of Directors of the Company;

               (iv) reviewed and monitored the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
                    requirements, particularly on legal, financial and accounting, internal control and audit, risk management and
                    ESG related compliance;

               (v) reviewed and monitored the code of conduct and compliance manuals (if any) applicable to employees of the
                   Group and Directors of the Company;

               (vi) reviewed the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and the SEHK Code and the disclosure requirements
                    in the Corporate Governance Report;

               (vii) reviewed the Company’s compliance with the disclosure requirements in the Sustainability Report;

               (viii) reviewed and reported to the Board on the effectiveness of the shareholders’ communication policy;

               (ix) reviewed and reported to the Board on the notifiable transactions, connected transactions, continuing
                    connected transactions and the significant contracts of the Group; and

               (x) reviewed the regulatory compliance by the Group following the change of controlling shareholder of the
                   Group upon the completion of the Offer (as defined in the composite document dated 6th July 2018).

          g.   Finance Committee
               The Finance Committee was established in 1993 and is currently comprised of Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson
               (chairman of the Finance Committee), Mr. Wang Haimin, Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew, Mr. Chow Philip Yiu
               Wah, Ms. Chen Ying and Mr. Zhang Mingwen, with Ms. Lammy Lee as the secretary of the Finance Committee.

               The primary duties of the Finance Committee include to:

               –     assist in the financial requirements of the Group including financing, refinancing, leasing, purchase and sale
                     of vessels, properties and equipment and the financing of the business operations of the Group;

               –     report to the Board on its decisions, and any matter in respect of which it considers that action is needed, and
                     its recommendation as to the steps to be taken; and to




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
76   Annual Report 2018
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report



     –   discuss and review the disclosure obligations of the Company on financial, accounting or related issues
         on compliance with the Listing Rules and refer transactions with their recommendations to the Executive
         Committee of the Company for its endorsement and/or approval.

h.   Share Committee
     The Share Committee was established in 1992 and is currently comprised of Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip (chairman
     of the Share Committee), Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah and Ms. Chen Ying, with Ms. Lammy Lee as the secretary of
     the Share Committee.

     The primary duties of the Share Committee include to:

     –   deal with and grant approval on the removal of the ordinary shares of the Company from the Principal
         Register in Bermuda to the Branch Register in Hong Kong or vice versa;

     –   deal with share transactions including, but not limited to share repurchases, issue of bonus shares, scrip
         dividend schemes, top up placings, share subscriptions and placement of the Company’s shares;

     –   give authorisation to the Company’s Principal Registrar and Branch Registrar to issue share certificates to
         shareholders who have reported loss of share certificates and in connection with the above share transactions;
         and to

     –   discuss and review the disclosure obligations of the Company on share transactions and compliance with the
         Listing Rules.

i.   Inside Information Committee
     The Inside Information Committee was established in 2013 and is currently comprised of Mr. Huang Xiaowen
     (chairman of the Inside Information Committee), Mr. Wang Haimin, Mr. Zhang Wei, Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung
     Andrew and Ms. Lammy Lee.

     The primary duties of the Inside Information Committee include to:

     –   ensure proper systems and control are in place to collect, review and verify potential inside information;

     –   identify, assess and escalate potential inside information to the attention of the Board; report to the Board on
         the recommendation of the Inside Information Committee, and any matter in respect of which it considers
         that action is needed, and its recommendation as to the actions to be taken and what information to be
         disclosed;

     –   vet and clear announcements or other public disclosures; and to

     –   supervise the Company’s compliance with continuing disclosure obligations.

j.   Independent Board Committee
     The Independent Board Committee was established in 2017 for the purpose of making recommendation to the
     shareholders of the Company as to whether the Offer (as defined in the composite document dated 6th July 2018)
     is fair and reasonable and as to acceptance. The Independent Board Committee was dissolved subsequent to the
     close of the Offer (as defined in the composite document dated 6th July 2018) on 27th July 2018.




                                                                              Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                Annual Report 2018      77
Corporate Governance Report



     9. Attendance Records of Board Meetings, Board Committees Meetings and General Meetings
          The attendance records of each Director of the Board Committees of the Company at the relevant meetings held in year
          2018 are as follows:


                                                                                   Actual Attendance/Number of Meetings a Director is entitled to attend
                                                                                                                                                                        Inside
                                                           Executive     Audit   Remuneration Nomination          Risk        Compliance      Finance        Share   Information
                                                  Board    Committee   Committee Committee Committee            Committee     Committee      Committee     Committee Committee     2017 AGM
           No. of meetings held during the year     7          9          2            3              2             2              3              1           2           0           1

           Executive Directors
           Mr. Xu Lirong (Chairman) (Note 1)       2/2        0/2         –            –            N/A             –              –              –           –           –          N/A
           Mr. Huang Xiaowen                       1/2        2/2         –            –             –             N/A             –              –           –          N/A         N/A
             (Chief Executive Officer) (Note 1)
           Mr. Wang Haimin (Note 1)                2/2        2/2         –            –              –            N/A            0/1           N/A           –          N/A         N/A
           Mr. Zhang Wei (Note 1)                  1/2        1/2         –           N/A             –            N/A             –             –            –          N/A         N/A
           Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew             7/7        9/9         –            –              –            2/2             –            N/A           –          N/A         1/1
           Mr. Tung Chee Chen (Note 2)             5/5        7/7         –           3/3            2/2           2/2             –             –            –          N/A         1/1
           Mr. Tung Lieh Sing Alan (Note 2)        5/5        7/7         –            –              –            2/2            2/2            –            –          N/A         1/1

           Non-Executive Directors
           Mr. Yan Jun (Note 1)                    2/2         –          –            –            N/A            N/A             –              –            –          –          N/A
           Ms. Wang Dan (Note 1)                   1/2         –          –            –             –             N/A             –              –            –          –          N/A
           Mr. Ip Sing Chi (Note 1)                2/2         –          –            –             –             N/A             –              –            –          –          N/A
           Ms. Cui Hongqin (Note 1)                2/2         –          –            –             –             N/A             –              –            –          –          N/A
           Professor Roger King (Note 2)           4/5         –          –            –             –             2/2             –             1/1          1/1         –          0/1

           Independent Non-Executive Directors
           Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah                 6/7         –         2/2          3/3           2/2            2/2             –            1/1           2/2         –          1/1
           Professor Wong Yue Chim Richard         7/7         –         2/2          3/3           2/2             –              –             –             –          –          1/1
           Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson (Note 1)    2/2         –         N/A           –            N/A             –              –            N/A            –          –          N/A
           Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip (Note 1)      2/2         –         N/A           –            N/A             –              –             –            1/1         –          N/A
           Ms. Chen Ying (Note 1)                  2/2         –         N/A           –             –              –              –            N/A           1/1         –          N/A
           Mr. Simon Murray (Note 2)               3/5         –         1/2           –             –              –              –             –             –          –          0/1
           Mr. Cheng Wai Sun Edward (Note 2)       5/5         –         1/2           –             –              –              –             –             –          –          1/1
           Mr. Kwok King Man Clement (Note 2)      3/5         –         2/2           –             –              –              –             –             –          –          1/1

           Average attendance rate                86.79%    78.57%       80%         100%           100%          100%          66.67%          100%         100%        N/A        77.78%



          Notes:
          1.      appointed as Directors of the Company with effect from 3rd August 2018.
          2.      resigned as Directors of the Company with effect from 3rd August 2018.



     10. Securities Transactions by Directors
          The Company has adopted its own code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors on terms no less
          exacting than the required standard set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
          (the “Model Code”) contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules.

          All Directors have confirmed, following specific enquiry by the Company, that they have fully complied with the
          required standards set out in both the Company’s own code and the Model Code for the year ended 31st December
          2018.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
78   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                           Corporate Governance Report



11. Share Interests of Directors and Senior Management
   a.   Directors
        Directors’ interests in the shares of the Company are set out on pages 90 and 91 of this annual report.

   b.   Senior Management
        As at 31st December 2018, the number of shares of the Company held by the senior management of the Group are
        as follows:


         Name                                                                                                   Number of shares held
         Ms. Chen Xiang                                                                                                            2,000
         Mr. Erxin Yao                                                                                                                 –
         Mr. Stephen Ng                                                                                                                –
         Mr. Zhang Mingwen                                                                                                             –
         Mr. Steve Siu                                                                                                                 –
         Ms. Lammy Lee                                                                                                                 –
         Mr. Michael Fitzgerald                                                                                                        –
         Mr. Kenny Ye                                                                                                                  –
         Mr. Raymond Fung                                                                                                              –
         Mr. Teddy Fung                                                                                                                –



12. Emoluments of Directors and Senior Management (Note)
   a.   Emoluments of Directors
        The emoluments of the Directors of the Company for the year ended 31st December 2018 are set out on pages 142
        and 143 of this annual report.

   b.   Emoluments of Senior Management
        The emoluments of the senior management of the Group for the year ended 31st December 2018 are set out below:


                                                                                                                Number of individuals
         Emolument bands (US$)                                                                                                  2018
         0 – 64,102                                                                                                                       2
         256,401 – 320,500                                                                                                                0
         320,501 – 384,600                                                                                                                2
         384,601 – 448,700                                                                                                                1
         448,701 – 512,800                                                                                                                1
         512,801 – 576,900                                                                                                                1
         576,901 – 641,000                                                                                                                1
         641,001 – 705,100                                                                                                                1
         769,201 – 833,300                                                                                                                1

         Total                                                                                                                           10

        Note: biographical details of senior management are set out on pages 56 to 58 of this annual report.




                                                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018       79
Corporate Governance Report



B. ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
     1. External Auditor
          PricewaterhouseCoopers was re-appointed as the Company’s external auditor by shareholders at the 2017 AGM until
          the conclusion of the next annual general meeting.

          The Company has established a policy on appointment of external auditor in providing non-audit services, setting out
          the principles by which an external auditor may be appointed to provide non-audit services, with a view to ensuring the
          independence of the external auditor.

          The fee in respect of audit and non-audit services provided by the external auditor to the Company for the year ended
          31st December 2018 is set out on page 144 note 11 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

     2. Directors’ and Auditor’s Acknowledgement
          All Directors acknowledged their responsibilities for preparing the consolidated financial statements for the year ended
          31st December 2018.

          PricewaterhouseCoopers, the external auditor of the Company, acknowledged the reporting responsibilities in the
          auditor’s report on the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31st December 2018.

     3. Internal Controls
          The Board is responsible for establishing and maintaining appropriate and effective internal control systems for the
          Group, and through the Audit Committee, conducts reviews of the effectiveness of such systems at least annually,
          covering all material controls including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management functions.
          The process used in reviewing the effectiveness of these internal control systems includes discussion with management
          on risk areas identified by management of the Company and principal division of the Group and review of significant
          issues arising from internal and external audits. The Company’s internal control systems comprise a well established
          organisational structure and comprehensive policies and standards. Procedures have been designed to safeguard assets
          against unauthorised use or disposition, to maintain proper accounting records, for assurance of the reliability of
          financial information for internal use or publication, and to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
          The purpose of the Company’s internal control is to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material
          misstatement or loss and to manage rather than eliminate risks of failure in operational systems and achievement of the
          Company’s objectives.

          The Board has established the following measures to provide effective internal controls:

          –    a distinct organisational structure for the principal division with defined authority responsibilities and control/
               measures;

          –    an annual budget for the principal division allocating resources in accordance with identified and prioritised
               business opportunities. The annual budget for the principal division is approved by the Board on an annual basis;

          –    a comprehensive management accounting system for the principal division to provide financial and operational
               performance indicators to the relevant management, and financial information for reporting and disclosure
               purposes. Actual operational results are measured against budget each month. Detailed forecasts for the year and
               long-term forecasts of profit and loss, cash flow and balance sheets are regularly reviewed and updated. Variances
               to budget are analysed and explained and appropriate action taken, if necessary;




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
80   Annual Report 2018
                                                                             Corporate Governance Report



–    systems and procedures are in place to identify, measure, manage and control risks including business, compliance,
     operational, financial and information services risks that may have an impact on the Group and the principal
     division. Exposure to these risks is monitored by the Executive Committee and the management of the principal
     division;

–    clearly defined procedures are in place for the control of capital and major expenditure commitments, off-balance
     sheet financial instruments and the supervision, control and review of the investment portfolio; and

–    the Internal Audit Department performs independent reviews of the risks and controls identified to provide
     reasonable assurance to management of the Company and principal division and the Audit Committee that
     controls have been set in place and adequately addressed.

The internal audit function, which is centrally controlled, monitors compliance with policies and standards as well as
the effectiveness of internal control structures across the Company and the Group. To preserve the independence of
the internal audit function, the Head of Internal Audit reports functionally to the Audit Committee whose chairman is
an Independent Non-Executive Director who has direct access to the Board. Using a risk-based approach, the Internal
Audit Department plans its internal audit schedules annually in consultation with, but independent of, management
of the Company and the principal division. The Internal Audit Department has unrestricted access to information
that allows it to review all aspects of the Group’s risk management, control and governance processes. Independent
reviews of different financial, business and functional operations and activities are conducted with audit resources being
focused on high risk areas. Ad hoc reviews are also conducted on areas of concern identified by the Audit Committee
and management of the Company and the principal division. The management of the Company and the principal
division including the affected subsidiary are notified of the deficiencies noted for rectification, and the Internal Audit
Department follows up with the implementation of audit recommendations.

The Audit Committee on behalf of the Board assesses the effectiveness of the internal control system including detecting
fraud and other irregularities by reviewing the Internal Audit Department’s work and findings. On a yearly basis, the
Internal Audit Department summarises the major audit findings and other relevant information that have come to the
Internal Audit Department’s attention during the course of the audits and reports to the Audit Committee.

According to the 2018 Internal Audit report, the Group’s internal control system is functioning effectively, there was no
significant weakness found in the course of the audits carried out during the year, and there is no change in the nature
and extent of significant risks as well as the scope and quality of management’s ongoing monitoring of the risks and
the internal control system. The Audit Committee has concluded that the Group has maintained sound and effective
internal controls to safeguard the Group’s assets, and there is an ongoing process in place for identifying, evaluating
and managing the significant risks faced by the Group. The Board, therefore, is of the view that there are no significant
frauds, irregularities, internal control deficiencies or suspected infringement of laws, rules and regulations that cause
the Board to believe that the systems of internal control are ineffective or inadequate, and there are no significant areas
of concern which may affect shareholders. The Board is satisfied that the Company and the Group have fully complied
with the code provisions on internal control as set forth in the SEHK Code for the year ended 31st December 2018.

To ensure on-going compliance with the SEHK Code, the Audit Committee reviewed the adequacy of staffing of the
accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions on behalf of the Board and was satisfied with the adequacy
of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company ’s accounting, internal
audit and financial reporting functions.




                                                                                Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2018      81
Corporate Governance Report



          The Company has implemented the following procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of
          inside information:

          a)   it monitors any inside information and makes appropriate announcement as required by the Listing Rules;

          b)   it conducts its affairs by reference to the “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information” issued by the Securities
               and Futures Commission;

          c)   it has established procedures for handling external affairs about the Group; and

          d)   it has established guidelines to be followed by senior management and employees in dealing with confidential and
               inside information.

     4. Risk Management
          The Board acknowledges that risks are inherent in our business and the market in which we operate, and we undertake
          and monitor risks in pursuit of our strategic and business objectives. Our approach is if risks are effectively managed,
          it can be a value driver for competitive advantage and the exercising of risk management abilities can become an
          advantage to differentiate the Group from its competitors.

          The Group has built and maintained sound and effective risk management and internal control systems to safeguard the
          Group’s assets, but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss and to manage rather than eliminate
          risks of failure in operational systems and achievement of the Group’s strategic business objectives. In the context of
          the Group’s capital structure and business models; it would re-assess the risk appetite on a regular basis, taking into
          consideration the Group’s business strategies and return targets. The risk strategy of the Group, adopting a proactive
          approach, would be determined upon analysis results for a specific risk through the risk management process; and once
          risk is identified based on the risk strategy, it will be managed so that it can be understood, minimised, transferred or
          contained, through a group-wide risk management framework.

          The Risk Committee delegates to the management, the design and setting of risk management parameters, who would
          work with relevant stakeholders of its business and operation units to identify key risk areas to be assessed and risk
          control measures formulated to mitigate and guide each local and regional office. The key risk management areas would
          be regularly reviewed to identify areas for improvement, from which where necessary, the development of policies
          and procedures for the Group to manage and control risks that might have an impact on the Group and the principal
          division including potential risks in critical business areas that are both strategic and operational levels, to ensure
          business continuity, to optimise business result, and to ensure compliance with the relevant rules and regulations.
          The Risk Committee reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems and
          internal audits are conducted as part of ongoing review on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control
          systems. Emerging risks that may have an impact on the Group are also discussed in the Risk Committee meetings and
          shared with the Audit Committee.

          The Group’s risk management organisation structure has a “top-down” approach on oversight, risk identification and
          assessment, and mitigation of risk at corporate level; and a “bottom-up” approach on risk identification and assessment,
          and mitigation of risk at business unit level and cross functional areas for its risk management.

          Based on the Group risk management principles and culture in taking justifiable calculated risk in business decision
          after identifying the inherent risks, exploring possible mitigation and assessing all relevant costs and benefits as a result
          of the decision; and promoting a risk-intelligent culture in the organisation, in which a risk-averse, risk-seeking or risk-
          neutral attitude might be adopted as and when the circumstances justified; risk management policy is set up to ensure
          common understanding of risk principles and encouraging a risk intelligent culture on a group-wide level. Our policies
          and guidelines are periodically reviewed and amended when considered necessary in line with the dynamic changes in
          our business environment and operations.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
82   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                    Corporate Governance Report



       The Group has (i) a formalised enterprise risk management (“ERM”) process, taking into consideration of the Group’s
       organisation structure and nature of business; and (ii) developed a risk register with a principal risk dashboard that
       summarises major risks whose potential consequences are significant at group level and may trigger risk events that in
       aggregate, become significant to the Group as at a given time, and a functional risk dashboard. This provides a point-in-
       time assessment of the risk profile of the Group for the Risk Committee and the Board on the nature and extent of the
       risks faced by the Group.

       The Group has adopted an activity-based “three lines of defence” risk governance model to delegate and coordinate
       essential risk management and control duties in a clear and cohesive manner:

       a)   First line of defence – Functional units establish risk and control environments in the Group’s day-to-day business
            operations, and as risk owners, are responsible for risk identification, formulation of risk mitigation strategies and
            upward reporting of risk monitoring progress;

       b)   Second line of defence – The Risk Management Department monitors the risk management system and facilitates
            the development and setting of policies and guidelines and its effective implementation. It provides advice and
            guidance to the first-line functional units on implementation of the risk management and internal control systems;
            and

       c)   Third line of defence – The Internal Audit Department provides independent review on the effectiveness of the risk
            management and internal control systems.

       The Group’s ERM process is underpinned by its risk culture, which is aligned to the overall ethics and culture of
       the Group. The ERM process consists of eight process components: internal environment, objective setting, risk
       identification, risk assessment, risk response, control activities, communication and monitoring; and is used to identify,
       evaluate and manage the significant risks to the Group. The functional units translate the risk events and incorporate
       the Group risk appetite into quantitative tolerance limits to monitor and manage the identified material risks in line
       with the Board’s strategies; before communicating their recommended mitigation plans to the Risk Management
       Department. The Group risk register allows categorisation and prioritisation of risks, risk documentation and reporting,
       and the monitoring of the ongoing development of risks.

       For the year ended 31st December 2018, following management confirmation to the Risk Committee on its scope and
       quality of its ongoing risks monitoring and internal control systems; and satisfaction on the effectiveness of the risk
       management and internal control systems with no significant control failings or weaknesses and no significant areas of
       concern identified which might affect the shareholders of the Company, the Risk Committee has reported twice to the
       Board on their review and confirmation of its satisfaction on the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management and
       internal control systems, including the scope and quality of the Group’s ongoing monitoring of risks.

       The Board confirmed that the Group’s risk management and internal control systems are functioning adequately and
       effectively. The Board is satisfied that the Company and the Group have fully complied with the code provisions on risk
       management as set forth in the SEHK Code for the year ended 31st December 2018.

C. COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
  The Company attaches great importance to communications with shareholders. Extensive information on the Group’s
  activities, business strategies and developments is provided in the Company ’s annual reports and interim reports.
  Shareholders of the Company are encouraged to attend the annual general meetings of the Company which offer a
  valuable forum for dialogue and interaction with management. The Chairman of the Board and the chairpersons of the
  Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and other Board committees, or in their
  absence, another member of the relevant committee, are available at the annual general meetings to answer questions from
  shareholders on the business of the Group. A separate resolution is proposed by the Chairman in respect of each issue at the
  general meetings.




                                                                                      Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2018      83
Corporate Governance Report



     The Company has also established a shareholders’ communication policy to ensure shareholders are provided with ready,
     equal and timely access to balanced and understandable information about the Company. The policy is regularly reviewed to
     ensure its effectiveness and is available on written request to the Company Secretary.


     The most recent shareholders’ meeting of the Company was the 2017 AGM held at Dynasty Room, 7th Floor, The Dynasty
     Club, South West Tower, Convention Plaza, 1 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong on 4th May 2018, at which the following
     ordinary resolutions were passed with the voting results as follows:



                                                                                                          Number of Votes (%)
                                       Ordinary Resolutions                                             For              Against
      1.    To consider and adopt the audited Financial Statements and the Reports of          492,302,055                      0
            the Directors and the Auditor for the year ended 31st December 2017.                     (100%)                  (0%)

      2(a). To re-elect Mr. Tung Chee Chen as Director.                                        484,955,941              7,346,116
                                                                                              (98.507803%)           (1.492197%)

      2(b). To re-elect Professor Roger King as Director.                                      490,889,132              1,412,925
                                                                                              (99.712996%)           (0.287004%)

      2(c). To re-elect Mr. Cheng Wai Sun Edward as Director.                                  475,366,872            16,526,685
                                                                                              (96.640191%)           (3.359809%)

      3.    To authorise the Board of Directors to fix the Directors’ remuneration.            491,032,446              1,269,611
                                                                                              (99.742107%)           (0.257893%)

      4.    To re-appoint Messrs. PricewaterhouseCoopers as Auditor and to authorise           475,101,863            17,200,194
            the Board of Directors to fix their remuneration.                                 (96.506171%)           (3.493829%)

      5(a). To grant a general mandate to the Directors to allot, issue and deal with the      445,841,123            46,460,934
            Company’s shares.                                                                 (90.562515%)           (9.437485%)

      5(b). To grant a general mandate to the Directors to repurchase the Company’s            491,042,946              1,259,111
            shares.                                                                           (99.744240%)           (0.255760%)

      5(c). To extend the general mandate to issue shares to cover the shares                  445,992,298            46,309,759
            repurchased by the Company under Resolution No. 5(b).                             (90.593223%)           (9.406777%)


     Since the publication of the Company’s 2010 interim report, the Company has offered to the shareholders of the Company
     the following options to choose the language and means of receipt of the corporate communications of the Company in
     support of environment protection and for the purpose of saving printing and mailing costs:


     (1) to read the corporate communication published on the Company’s website at http://www.ooilgroup.com in place of
           receiving printed copies, and receive an e-mail notification or a printed notification letter (as the case may be) of the
           publication of the corporate communication on website; or


     (2) to receive either the printed English version, the printed Chinese version or both the printed English and Chinese
           versions of the Company’s corporate communication.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
84   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report



D. SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
  1. Convening a special general meeting
     Pursuant to the Bermuda Companies Act and the Company’s Bye-law, the shareholder(s) of the Company holding not
     less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right to vote at general meetings of the Company
     shall have the right, by written requisition sent to the Company’s registered office at Clarendon House, 2 Church Street,
     Hamilton HM11, Bermuda and to the Company’s principal office at 33rd Floor, Harbour Centre, 25 Harbour Road,
     Wanchai, Hong Kong, for the attention of the Company Secretary of the Company, to require a special general meeting
     (the “SGM”) to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition.

     The written requisition must state the purposes of the general meeting, signed by the shareholder(s) concerned and may
     consist of several documents in like form, each signed by one or more of those shareholders.

     Upon receipt of confirmation from the Company’s branch share registrar (the “Registrar”) that the shareholder(s)
     submitting the requisition is/are qualified to attend and vote at any general meeting, the Company will convene a SGM
     by serving sufficient notice in accordance with the statutory requirements to all the registered shareholders.


  2. Putting forward proposals at general meetings
     The shareholder(s) of the Company holding (i) not less than one-twentieth of the total voting rights of all shareholders
     having the right to vote at the general meeting of the Company; or (ii) not less than 100 shareholders of the Company,
     can submit:

     (i)   a written request stating the resolution intended to be moved at an annual general meeting; or

     (ii) a statement of not more than 1,000 words with respect to the matter referred to in any proposed resolution or the
          business to be dealt with at a particular general meeting.

     The written request/statement must be signed by the shareholder(s) concerned and deposited at the Company’s
     registered office at Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM11, Bermuda and to the Company’s principal office
     at 33rd Floor, Harbour Centre, 25 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for the attention of the Company Secretary of
     the Company, not less than six weeks before the annual general meeting in the case of a requisition requiring notice of a
     resolution and not less than one week before the general meeting in the case of any other requisition.

     Upon receipt of confirmation from the Registrar of the Company that the shareholder(s) making the proposal is/are
     qualified to attend and vote at the general meeting, the Company will:

     (i)   include the resolution in the agenda for the annual general meeting; or

     (ii) circulate the statement for the general meeting,

     provided that the shareholder(s) concerned have deposited a sum of money sufficient to meet the Company’s expenses
     in serving the notice of the resolution and/or circulating the statement to all the registered shareholders.


  3. Putting enquiries to the Board
     Shareholders who have enquiries to put to the Board of the Company may write to the Company Secretary of the
     Company at 31st Floor, Harbour Centre, 25 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong.




                                                                                     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2018      85
Corporate Governance Report



     4. Dividends
          Shareholders of the same class of shares shall have equal rights to dividends and distributions. In 2018, the Company
          has formally adopted a dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”) that balances the objectives of appropriately rewarding
          the shareholders for their investment and retaining reserves for long-term development and future expansion of the
          Company, and enhances transparency facilitating shareholders and investors to make informed investment decisions.

          The Dividend Policy has a target annual dividend payout of 25% of the consolidated net profit attributed to shareholders
          in any financial year whether as interim and/or final dividends, subject to, inter alia, the financial performance, liquidity
          position, future plans and working capital requirements of the Company and the prevailing economic, financial,
          business and regulatory circumstances. The Company may also declare special dividends from time to time in addition
          to the semi-annual dividends.

          The declaration of dividends is subject to the sole discretion of the Board. There can be no assurance that dividends
          will be paid in any particular amount of any given period. The Dividend Policy shall not constitute a legally binding
          document in respect of future dividend declaration of the Company and/or in no way oblige the Company to declare a
          dividend at any time or from time to time. The distribution and payment of dividends of the Company will be subject to
          compliance with the Company’s Bye-laws and applicable laws and regulations.

          Details of the dividend paid by the Company during the year 2018 are set out on page 146 of this annual report.

E. INVESTOR RELATIONS
     The Company continues to promote and enhance investor relations and communication with its investors. The Company’s
     investor relations team maintains regular dialogue with institutional investors, analysts and fund managers to keep them
     abreast of the Group’s development.

     Shareholders, investors and members of the public are able to access up-to-date corporate information and events related to
     the Group on the Company’s website.


     1. Shareholdings Information
          As at 31st December 2018:

          Authorised share capital: US$205,000,000, comprising 900,000,000 ordinary shares of US$0.1 each, 65,000,000 limited
          voting convertible redeemable preferred shares of US$1 each and 50,000,000 redeemable preferred shares of US$1 each.

          Issued and fully-paid up capital: US$62,579,329.7 comprising 625,793,297 ordinary shares of US$0.1 each.

          Details of the shareholding of the ordinary shares of the Company by the type of shareholders as at 31st December 2018
          are as follows:


                                                                              Number of          Shareholders              Number
           Type of Shareholders                                             Shareholders            % of total            of Shares
           Corporate                                                                   18             3.0769%           624,731,734
           Individual                                                                 567            96.9231%             1,061,563

           Total                                                                      585             100.00%           625,793,297




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
86   Annual Report 2018
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report



   Details of the shareholding of the ordinary shares of the Company by range as at 31st December 2018 are as follows:



                                                                                         Number of           Shareholders
    Size of shareholdings                                                             Shareholders               % of total

    1 – 10,000                                                                                   568             97.0940%
    10,001 – 100,000                                                                              13               2.2222%
    100,001 – 1,000,000                                                                            1               0.1710%
    1,000,001 or above                                                                             3               0.5128%

    Total                                                                                        585               100.00%



2. Public Float
   Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the Company
   maintained at least 25% of public float as at 31st December 2018.


3. Financial Calendar
   Important dates for the coming financial year are set out on page 59 of this annual report.


4. Memorandum of Association and Bye-Laws
   There are no changes to the memorandum of association and bye-laws of the Company (the “Constitutional
   Documents”) during the year 2018. The consolidated version of the Constitutional Documents is available on the
   Company’s website and on the HKEXnews website.




                                                                                  Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2018      87
Report of the Directors

The Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) presents this report together with the audited consolidated financial
statements for the year ended 31st December 2018.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding and the activities of its principal subsidiaries, associated companies
and joint ventures are set out on pages 175 to 183 of this annual report.

GROUP RESULTS
The consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) are set out on page 105 of
this annual report.

DIVIDENDS
The Board did not declare the payment of an interim dividend for the year ended 31st December 2018.

The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of US7.7 cents (HK$0.601 at the exchange rate of US$1: HK$7.8)
per ordinary share for the year ended 31st December 2018 to be paid on 2nd July 2019 to the shareholders of the Company whose
names appear on the register of members of the Company on 28th May 2019. Shareholders should complete the dividend election
form (if applicable) and return it to the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor
Services Limited at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 20th
June 2019.

BUSINESS REVIEW
A review of the business of the Group and an analysis of the Group’s performance during the year are provided in Chairman’s
Statement on pages 10 to 13, Operations Review on pages 14 to 23 and Financial Review sections on pages 34 to 49 of this annual
report. Description of the principal risks and uncertainties that the Group is facing can be found in Chairman’s Statement on
pages 10 to 13 and Operations Review on pages 14 to 23. Also, the financial risk management objectives and policies of the Group
can be found in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. No important events affecting the Group have occurred since
the end of the financial year ended 31st December 2018. The Group’s future business development is provided in Chairman’s
Statement on pages 10 to 13 and Operations Review on pages 14 to 23 of this annual report. In addition, discussions on the
Group’s environmental policies and performance and compliance with the relevant laws and regulations and an account of the
Group’s key relationships with its employees, customers and suppliers and stakeholders, that have a significant impact on the
Group are contained in the Corporate Responsibility section on pages 24 to 33 of this annual report and in the Company’s 2018
Sustainability Report to be published in accordance with the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”).

On 7th July 2017, it was jointly announced by Faulkner Global Holdings Limited (“COSCO SHIPPING Offeror”), Shanghai Port
Group (BVI) Development Co., Limited (“SIPG Offeror”, collectively with COSCO SHIPPING Offeror the “Joint Offerors”) and
COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd. (“COSCO SHIPPING Holdings”) and the Company that UBS AG Hong Kong Branch, on
behalf of the Joint Offerors, made a pre-conditional voluntary general cash offer to acquire all of the issued shares of the Company
at an offer price in cash of HK$78.67 per share of the Company (the “Offer”), subject only to the satisfaction or waiver of the pre-
conditions (the “Pre-conditions”).

On 29th June 2018, the Joint Offerors, COSCO SHIPPING Holdings and the Company jointly announced that all the
Pre-conditions were satisfied. Further information of the Offer, the close of the Offer and the restoration of public float are set out
in the composite document dated 6th July 2018 and the joint announcements dated 27th July 2018 and 17th August 2018.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
88   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                               Report of the Directors



DIRECTORS
The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this report were:

Executive Directors
Mr. Xu Lirong (Chairman) (Note 1)
Mr. Huang Xiaowen (Chief Executive Officer) (Note 1)
Mr. Wang Haimin (Note 1)
Mr. Zhang Wei (Note 1)
Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew
Mr. Tung Chee Chen (Note 2)
Mr. Tung Lieh Sing Alan (Note 2)

Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Yan Jun (Note 1)
Ms. Wang Dan (Note 1)
Mr. Ip Sing Chi (Note 1)
Ms. Cui Hongqin (Note 1)
Professor Roger King (Note 2)

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah
Professor Wong Yue Chim Richard
Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson (Note 1)
Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip (Note 1)
Ms. Chen Ying (Note 1)
Mr. Simon Murray (Note 2)
Mr. Cheng Wai Sun Edward (Note 2)
Mr. Kwok King Man Clement (Note 2)

Notes:
1.    appointed as Directors of the Company with effect from 3rd August 2018.
2.    resigned as Directors of the Company with effect from 3rd August 2018.


In accordance with bye-law 86(2) of the Bye-laws of the Company (the “Bye-laws”), Mr. Xu Lirong, Mr. Huang Xiaowen, Mr. Wang
Haimin, Mr. Zhang Wei, Mr. Yan Jun, Ms. Wang Dan, Mr. Ip Sing Chi, Ms. Cui Hongqin, Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson, Mr.
Yang Liang Yee Philip and Ms. Chen Ying, appointed as Directors of the Company on 3rd August 2018, will hold office until the
next following annual general meeting of the Company to be held on 17th May 2019 (the “Annual General Meeting”) and, being
eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the Annual General Meeting.

In addition, in accordance with bye-law 87(2) of the Bye-laws, Professor Wong Yue Chim Richard will retire by rotation. Professor
Wong Yue Chim Richard has informed the Board that he will not offer himself for re-election pursuant to bye-law 87(4)(c) of the
Bye-laws and accordingly will retire as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from the conclusion of
the Annual General Meeting.

None of the Directors has a service contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the
employing company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

The Company has received from each Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, confirmation of his independence
pursuant to rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all of them are independent.




                                                                                       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2018      89
Report of the Directors



DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries was a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors of the Company to acquire
benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate at any time during
the year or at the end of the year.

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTEREST
1. Significant Contracts
     The Group shares the rental of office premises at Harbour Centre, Hong Kong on an actual cost reimbursement basis with
     Island Navigation Corporation International Limited (“INCIL”), which is owned by Tung family trusts. Such arrangement
     continued during the year 2018, and the total amount of rental on an actual cost reimbursement basis paid by INCIL to the
     Group for the year ended 31st December 2018 was approximately US$1,621,000.

     Yuensung Investment Company Limited (“Yuensung”), a company controlled by Mr. C U Tung, the uncle of Mr. Tung Chee
     Chen (who ceased to be Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of the Company on 3rd August
     2018), also shared the rental of an office premises at Harbour Centre, Hong Kong with our Group during the year 2018. Such
     arrangement was terminated as of 31st December 2018 and the total amount of rental on an actual cost reimbursement basis
     paid by Yuensung to the Group for the year ended 31st December 2018 was approximately US$92,000.

     Except for the above (other than contracts amongst Group companies), no other contracts or arrangements of significance in
     relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party, and in which a Director of the
     Company had a material interest, subsisted at the year end or at any time during the year.

2. Shares
     As at 31st December 2018, the issued share capital of the Company consisted of 625,793,297 ordinary shares (the “Shares”).
     The interests and short positions of the Directors and the Chief Executive of the Company in the Shares, the underlying
     Shares and the debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
     Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)) as recorded in the register kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the
     SFO or otherwise notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant
     to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) contained in the Listing
     Rules, were as follows as at 31st December 2018:

     (a) Long positions in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company:

          Nil

     (b) Long Positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of associated corporation of the Company:


                                                                 Number of
                                                                    ordinary      Number of
           Name of                                               shares held     outstanding
           associated               Name of                      as personal    share options   Total number
           corporation              Director    Capacity             interest         granted     of interests      Percentage

           COSCO SHIPPING           Zhang Wei   Beneficial           306,896        1,500,000       1,806,896           0.06%
            Ports Limited                         owner                                (Note)




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
90   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                                                    Report of the Directors



          Note:

          The share options were granted on 19th June 2018 under the Share Option Scheme of COSCO SHIPPING Ports Limited (“COSCO SHIPPING
          Ports”) at an exercise price of HK$7.27 per share. These share options are exercisable from 19th June 2020 to 18th June 2023. According to the
          terms of the COSCO SHIPPING Ports Share Option Scheme, options under each grant have a validity period of five years commencing from
          the date of grant and cannot be exercised during the two-year period commencing from the date of grant (the “Restriction Period”). Besides,
          subject to the fulfilment of the relevant vesting conditions, share options will be vested in three batches evenly over a period of three years after
          the expiry of the Restriction Period, i.e. (a) 33.3% of the share options will be vested on 19th June 2020; (b) 33.3% of the share options will be
          vested on 19th June 2021; and (c) 33.4% of the share options will be vested on 19th June 2022. Details of the vesting conditions for the share
          options are set out in the section headed “11. Performance Target before the Options can be granted and vested — Performance Conditions for
          the vesting of Share Options” in the circular of the COSCO SHIPPING Ports dated 18th May 2018. No consideration was paid by the grantees
          for the acceptance of share option.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31st December 2018, none of the Directors or the Chief Executive of the Company had any
     interest or short position in the Shares, the underlying Shares and the debentures of the Company or any of its associated
     corporation (within the meaning of the SFO) which were required to be: (a) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
     pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed
     to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the
     SFO; or (c) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


3. Directors’ Interests in Competing Business
     During the year of 2018, Mr. Xu Lirong, Mr. Huang Xiaowen, Mr. Wang Haimin and Mr. Zhang Wei, Executive Directors
     of the Company, held directorships and/or senior management positions in China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation
     Limited, an indirect controlling shareholder of the Company, its subsidiaries or its associates which are engaged in the same
     business of container shipping, management and operation of container terminals and/or logistics services (the “Competing
     Companies”) as the Group.


     As the Board of the Company is independent of the board of directors of the Competing Companies, the Directors of the
     Company are of the view that the Group is capable of carrying on its business independently of, and at arm ’s length from the
     businesses of the Competing Companies.


     Save as disclosed above, and to the best knowledge of the Directors of the Company, none of the Directors of the Company
     had an interest in any business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the
     Group during the year.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of any business of the Company
were entered into during the year or subsisted at the end of the year.




                                                                                                          Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2018             91
Report of the Directors



SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ SHARE INTEREST
As at 31st December 2018, the following persons (other than the Directors or the Chief Executive of the Company) had an interest
or short position in the Shares and the underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of
Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the
SFO:

                                                                                            Number of Shares interested
 Name                                               Nature of interest                      (Long position)                            Percentage
 Faulkner Global Holdings Limited                   Beneficial owner                         469,344,972                                       75%
 COSCO SHIPPING Holdings                            Interest of controlled                   469,344,972 (Note 1)                              75%
  (Hong Kong) Limited                               corporation
 COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd.                  Interest of controlled                   469,344,972 (Note 2)                              75%
                                                    corporation
 China Ocean Shipping Company                       Interest of controlled                   469,344,972 (Note 3)                              75%
   Limited                                          corporation
 China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation                   Interest of controlled                   469,344,972 (Note 4)                              75%
   Limited                                          corporation
 Shanghai Port Group (BVI) Development              Beneficial owner                          61,953,536                                     9.90%
   Co., Limited
 Shanghai International Port Group                  Interest of controlled                    61,953,536 (Note 5)                            9.90%
   (HK) Co., Ltd.                                   corporation
 Shanghai International Port (Group)                Interest of controlled                    61,953,536 (Note 6)                            9.90%
   Co., Ltd.                                        corporation
 PSD Investco Inc.                                  Beneficial owner                          38,513,150                                     6.15%
 Green Amber Investment Limited                     Interest of controlled                    38,513,150 (Note 7)                            6.15%
                                                    corporation
 Silk Road Fund Co., Ltd.                           Interest of controlled                    38,513,150 (Note 8)                            6.15%
                                                    corporation
 Buttonwood Investment Platform Ltd.                Interest of controlled                    38,513,150 (Note 9)                            6.15%
                                                    corporation

Notes:

1.   COSCO SHIPPING Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited (“COSCO SHIPPING HK”) holds 100% of the shares of Faulkner Global Holdings Limited
     (“Faulkner”) and, accordingly, has an indirect interest in the same Shares in which Faulkner has an interest.

2.   COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd. (“COSCO SHIPPING Holdings”) holds 100% of the shares of COSCO SHIPPING HK and, accordingly, has
     an indirect interest in the same Shares in which COSCO SHIPPING HK has an interest.

3.   China Ocean Shipping Company Limited (“China Ocean”) holds 45.47% of the shares of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings and, accordingly, has an
     indirect interest in the same Shares in which COSCO SHIPPING Holdings has an interest.

4.   China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation Limited (“China COSCO SHIPPING”) holds 100% of the shares of China Ocean and, accordingly, has
     an indirect interest in the same Shares in which China Ocean has an interest. Both China Ocean and China COSCO SHIPPING are state-owned
     enterprises established in the People’s Republic of China.

5.   Shanghai International Port Group (HK) Co., Ltd. (“SIPG HK”) holds 100% of the shares of Shanghai Port Group (BVI) Development Co., Limited
     (“SIPG BVI”) and, accordingly, has an indirect interest in the same Shares in which SIPG BVI has an interest.

6.   Shanghai International Port (Group) Co., Ltd. holds 100% of the shares of SIPG HK and, accordingly, has an indirect interest in the same Shares in
     which SIPG HK has an interest.

7.   Green Amber Investment Limited (“Green Amber”) holds 100% of the shares of PSD Investco Inc. (“PSD”) and, accordingly, has an indirect interest
     in the same Shares in which PSD has an interest.




         Orient Overseas (International) Limited
92       Annual Report 2018
                                                                                                              Report of the Directors



8.   Silk Road Fund Co., Ltd. (“Silk Road Fund”) holds 100% of the shares of Green Amber and, accordingly, has an indirect interest in the same Shares
     in which Green Amber has an interest.

9.   Buttonwood Investment Platform Ltd. holds 65% of the shares of Silk Road Fund and, accordingly, has an indirect interest in the same Shares in
     which Silk Road Fund has an interest.

Save as disclosed herein, as at 31st December 2018, the Company has not been notified by any person (other than the Directors
or the Chief Executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or the underlying Shares which were
required to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
During the year ended 31st December 2018, the Group had the following continuing connected transactions (the “Continuing
Connected Transactions”):

(1) Continuing Connected Transactions constituted by the following agreements entered into by
    OOCL (Taiwan) Co., Ltd. (“OTWL”), a previous Taiwanese subsidiary of the Group:
     a)   CMT Master Agreement
          Pursuant to a master agreement dated 29th June 2005, as supplemented by the supplemental agreements dated 10th
          December 2007, 15th December 2010, 4th December 2013 and 5th December 2016 (the “CMT Master Agreement”), all
          entered into between OTWL and Chinese Maritime Transport Ltd. (“CMT”), CMT agreed to provide and to procure
          members of the CMT group to provide various services to the Group including, inter alia, (i) trucking service; (ii)
          leasing of equipment (including chassis and tractors); (iii) maintenance and repair services for generator sets and
          chassis; (iv) freight station depot and container storage facilities; (v) container yard and gate services; and (vi) crew
          manning services, for successive periods of three years subject to the annual caps of US$57,800,000, US$60,700,000 and
          US$63,800,000 for the financial years of 2017, 2018 and 2019 respectively.

     b)   AII Master Agreement
          Pursuant to a master agreement dated 29th June 2005, as supplemented by the supplemental agreement dated 10th
          December 2007, 15th December 2010, 4th December 2013 and 5th December 2016 (the “AII Master Agreement”), all
          entered into between OTWL and Associated International Inc. (“AII”), AII agreed to provide and to procure members
          of the AII group to provide various services to the Group including, inter alia, (i) provision of office premises; and (ii)
          freight station depot and container storage facilities, for successive periods of three years subject to the annual caps of
          US$2,800,000 for each of the financial years of 2017, 2018 and 2019.

          Mr. John Peng is the controlling shareholder of CMT and AII, and a deemed connected person of certain then Directors
          and substantial shareholders of the Company. Mr. Peng and accordingly CMT and AII are therefore connected persons
          of the Company as defined in the Listing Rules.

          The arrangements with CMT group and AII group ceased as connected transactions following the change of the
          Company’s controlling shareholder and the sale of the Group’s two Taiwanese companies, including OTWL.

          During the period from 1st January 2018 to 30th June 2018, US$13,089,000 was paid by OTWL to the CMT group for
          the services under CMT Master Agreement and US$540,000 was paid by OTWL to the AII group for the services under
          AII Master Agreement.

(2) Continuing Connected Transactions constituted by the following agreements entered into by the
    Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates)
     Prior to completion of the Offer, both the Group and China COSCO SHIPPING and its subsidiaries and associates
     (collectively the “COSCO SHIPPING Group”) have been providing each other various liner, logistics, bunker, terminal and
     equipment procurement services (as the case may be). On 24th July 2018, China COSCO SHIPPING has become an indirect
     controlling shareholder of the Company. Accordingly, members of the COSCO SHIPPING Group are connected persons
     of the Company as defined in the Listing Rules. As such, the following agreements entered into between the Company
     and China COSCO SHIPPING on 24th July 2018 for continuation of the aforesaid services which constitute continuing
     connected transactions of the Company.




                                                                                                     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2018          93
Report of the Directors



     a)   Business Master Agreement
          Pursuant to a master agreement dated 24th July 2018 entered into between the Company (for itself and on behalf of its
          subsidiaries and associates) and China COSCO SHIPPING (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates),
          both parties agreed to provide and to procure members of its group to provide to each other services related to
          containerized liner, logistics and information technology (the “Business Master Agreement”). The Business Master
          Agreement is for a term ending on 31st December 2019 and is subject to renewal for successive periods of three years.

          The following table is a summary of the annual caps for each of the transactions contemplated under the Business
          Master Agreement for the financial years ended 31st December 2018 and 2019 and the transaction amounts for the six
          months ended 31st December 2018.


                                                                        Transaction
                                                                      amounts from
                                                                             July to       Annual Caps         Annual Caps
           Types of services under                                   December 2018           Year 2018           Year 2019
           the Business Master Agreement                                  (US$’000)          (US$’000)           (US$’000)

           Provision of services by COSCO SHIPPING Group
           (A) Liner services
               (i) network services                                            20,999             50,000              60,000
               (ii) operation services                                         25,110            120,000             132,000
               (iii) vessel operating common carrier services                       –              2,000               2,400
               (iv) other services, including
                     – information technology services                              –              2,000               2,400
                     – vessels                                                 10,966             20,000              66,153

           (B) Logistics services including non-vessel operating                2,695              6,000               7,200
               common carrier services, international supply chain
               services, and domestic logistics services

           (C) Other contractual arrangements, including office                  176               5,000               6,000
               leases

           (D) Other services, including use of common facilities,               569               8,000               9,600
               ad-hoc use of business facilities and crew manning
               service/manning agency service

           Provision of services to COSCO SHIPPING Group
           (A) Liner services
               (i) network services                                            15,346             60,000              72,000
               (ii) operation services                                            740              5,000               6,000
               (iii) vessel operating common carrier services                  39,333            120,000             132,000
               (iv) other services, including
                     – information technology services                           593               5,000              67,597
                     – vessels                                                     –               5,000              28,000

           (B) Logistics services including non-vessel operating                 471               6,000               7,200
               common carrier services, international supply chain
               services, and domestic logistics services

           (C) Other contractual arrangements, including office                  170               5,000               6,000
               leases

           (D) Other services, including use of common facilities,                  –              5,000               6,000
               ad-hoc use of business facilities and crew manning
               service/manning agency service




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
94   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                            Report of the Directors



b)   Bunker Master Agreement
     Pursuant to a master agreement dated 24th July 2018 entered into between the Company (for itself and on behalf of its
     subsidiaries and associates) and China COSCO SHIPPING (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates),
     COSCO SHIPPING Group agreed to sell and to procure members of its group to sell bunker, fuel and oil to the Group
     (the “Bunker Master Agreement”). The Bunker Master Agreement is for a term ending on 31st December 2019 and is
     subject to renewal for successive periods of three years.


     The annual caps for the transactions contemplated under the Bunker Master Agreement for the financial years ended
     31st December 2018 and 2019 are US$250,000,000 and US$280,000,000 respectively.


     For the six months ended 31st December 2018, US$133,078,000 was paid by the Group to COSCO SHIPPING Group
     for the purchase of bunker, fuel and oil.

c)   Terminal Master Agreement
     Pursuant to a master agreement dated 24th July 2018 entered into between the Company (for itself and on behalf of its
     subsidiaries and associates) and China COSCO SHIPPING (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates),
     both parties agreed to provide and to procure members of its group to provide to each other terminal services and
     related services (the “Terminal Master Agreement”). The Terminal Master Agreement is for a term ending on 31st
     December 2019 and is subject to renewal for successive periods of three years.


     The following table is a summary of the annual caps for each of the transactions contemplated under the Terminal
     Master Agreement for the financial years ended 31st December 2018 and 2019 and the transaction amounts for the six
     months ended 31st December 2018.


                                                                     Transaction
                                                                   amounts from
                                                                 July to December         Annual Caps          Annual Caps
                                                                             2018            Year 2018             Year 2019
                                                                       (US$’000)             (US$’000)             (US$’000)

      Provision of services by COSCO SHIPPING Group                        54,558               240,000              280,000
      Provision of services to COSCO SHIPPING Group                        12,139                80,000                96,000


d) Equipment Procurement Master Agreement
     Pursuant to a master agreement dated 24th July 2018 entered into between the Company (for itself and on behalf
     of its subsidiaries and associates) and China COSCO SHIPPING (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and
     associates), both parties agreed to provide and to procure members of its group to provide to each other services
     relating to equipment procurement including container acquisition and pooling (the “Equipment Procurement Master
     Agreement”). The Equipment Procurement Master Agreement is for a term ending on 31st December 2019 and is
     subject to renewal for successive periods of three years.




                                                                                    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2018      95
Report of the Directors



          The following table is a summary of the annual caps for each of the transactions contemplated under the Equipment
          Procurement Master Agreement for the financial years ended 31st December 2018 and 2019 and the transaction
          amounts for the six months ended 31st December 2018.


                                                                            Transaction
                                                                         amounts from
                                                                      July to December          Annual Caps          Annual Caps
                                                                                  2018            Year 2018            Year 2019
                                                                              (US$’000)           (US$’000)            (US$’000)

           Provision of services by COSCO SHIPPING Group                          95,333              280,000             280,000
           Provision of services to COSCO SHIPPING Group                               –               15,000              20,000


          China COSCO SHIPPING is an indirect controlling shareholder of the Company. Accordingly, members of COSCO
          SHIPPING Group are connected persons of the Company as defined in the Listing Rules.

          Pursuant to rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, the Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company, namely
          Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah, Professor Wong Yue Chim Richard, Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson, Mr. Yang Liang Yee
          Philip and Ms. Chen Ying, have reviewed the Continuing Connected Transactions and confirmed that the Continuing
          Connected Transactions have been entered into (a) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (b) on
          normal commercial terms or better; and (c) according to the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair
          and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

          The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s Continuing Connected Transactions in accordance
          with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or
          Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing
          Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
          Accountants. The auditor has issued his unqualified letter containing the findings and conclusions in respect of the
          Continuing Connected Transactions as disclosed above in accordance with rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules and nothing
          has come to his attention that causes him to believe that the disclosed Continuing Connected Transactions:

          (i)   have not been approved by the Board of Directors of the Company;

          (ii) which involve provision of goods or services by the Group, were not entered into, in all material respects, in
               accordance with the pricing policies of the Group;

          (iii) were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing the
                transactions; and

          (iv) have exceeded the maximum aggregate annual caps in respect of each of the disclosed Continuing Connected
               Transactions.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY
Pursuant to the Bye-laws of the Company and subject to the provisions of the statutes, every Director of the Company shall be
indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses,
damages and expenses which he may incur or sustain in or about the execution of his duty; provided that the indemnity shall
not extend to any matter in respect of any wilful negligence, wilful default, fraud or dishonesty which may attach to any of the
Directors.

Since 1992, the Company has arranged insurance cover for directors’ and officers’ liabilities including cover for Directors, officers
and senior management of the Group arising out of the corporate activities of the Group.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
96   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                                  Report of the Directors



PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES
During the year ended 31st December 2018, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any
of the Company’s Shares.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
No pre-emptive rights exist under Bermudan law in relation to the issue of new shares by the Company.


SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the shares of the Company issued during the year are set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements on pages
166 and 167 of this annual report.


RESERVES
Movements during the year in the reserves of the Group and the Company are set out in note 38 and note 47 to the consolidated
financial statements on pages 167 and 174 of this annual report.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
For the year ended 31st December 2018, the Company had not entered into any equity-linked agreement.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Board and management of the Company are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and the
Company considers that effective corporate governance makes an important contribution to corporate success and to the
enhancement of shareholder value.


The Company has adopted its own corporate governance code (the “CG Code”), which in addition to applying the principles as
set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “SEHK Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules, also incorporates
and conforms to local and international best practices. The CG Code sets out the corporate governance principles applied by the
Group and is constantly reviewed to ensure transparency, accountability and independence. Further information on the CG Code
is set out in the corporate governance report (the “Corporate Governance Report”) on pages 62 to 87 of this annual report.


Throughout the year of 2018, the Company complied with the SEHK Code, except as set out in the Corporate Governance Report.


PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors of the Company,
as at the date of this report, there was sufficient public float of at least 25% of the Company’s issued Shares as required under the
Listing Rules.


DONATIONS
Donations made by the Group during the year amount to US$265,000.




                                                                                          Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2018      97
Report of the Directors



ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The Annual General Meeting will be held on 17th May 2019.


A circular containing, inter alia, (i) a notice convening the Annual General Meeting; (ii) details of the retiring Directors to be re-
elected at the Annual General Meeting; (iii) the general mandate to authorise the allotment of and otherwise dealing with shares of
all classes in the capital of the Company and securities convertible into shares and options, warrants or similar rights to subscribe
for shares or such convertible securities; and (iv) the general mandate to authorise the repurchase of the Company’s securities
together with a proxy form will be despatched to the shareholders of the Company on or around 10th April 2019.


COMPANY SECRETARY
The Company Secretary of the Company is Ms. Lammy Lee, Barrister.


AUDITOR
The Group’s consolidated financial statements have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers who will retire at the Annual
General Meeting and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment.




On behalf of the Board
Orient Overseas (International) Limited
Xu Lirong
Chairman


Hong Kong, 22nd March 2019




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
98   Annual Report 2018
                                                       Index – Financial Information

Content                                                                                                                   Page no.
Independent Auditor’s Report                                                                                                  100
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account                                                                                          105
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                                                                                106
Consolidated Balance Sheet                                                                                                    107
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                                                                                              109
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                                                                   110
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
1. General information                                                                                                           111
2. Summary of significant accounting policies                                                                                    111
3. Financial risk management                                                                                                     129
4. Critical accounting estimates and judgements                                                                                  134
5. Revenue and segment information                                                                                               135
6. Operating costs                                                                                                               140
7. Other operating income                                                                                                        140
8. Other (losses)/gains, net                                                                                                     141
9. Employee benefit expense                                                                                                      141
10. Directors’ and management’s emoluments                                                                                       142
11. Operating profit                                                                                                             144
12. Finance costs                                                                                                                144
13. Taxation                                                                                                                     145
14. Earnings/(loss) per ordinary share                                                                                           146
15. Dividends                                                                                                                    146
16. Discontinued operation                                                                                                       147
17. Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                150
18. Investment property                                                                                                          152
19. Prepayments of lease premiums                                                                                                153
20. Joint ventures                                                                                                               153
21. Associated companies                                                                                                         154
22. Intangible assets                                                                                                            154
23. Deferred taxation assets/(liabilities)                                                                                       155
24. Pension and retirement benefits                                                                                              157
25. Restricted bank balances                                                                                                     160
26. Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income/available-for-sale financial assets                             161
27. Investments at amortised cost/held-to-maturity investments                                                                   161
28. Other non-current assets                                                                                                     162
29. Inventories                                                                                                                  162
30. Debtors and prepayments                                                                                                      163
31. Amounts due from joint ventures                                                                                              165
32. Amounts due from fellow subsidiaries                                                                                         165
33. Amounts due from related companies                                                                                           165
34. Portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss                                                                   165
35. Derivative financial instruments                                                                                             165
36. Cash and bank balances                                                                                                       166
37. Share capital                                                                                                                166
38. Reserves                                                                                                                     167
39. Borrowings                                                                                                                   167
40. Creditors and accruals                                                                                                       169
41. Amounts due to joint ventures                                                                                                169
42. Amounts due to fellow subsidiaries                                                                                           169
43. Amounts due to related companies                                                                                             169
44. Commitments                                                                                                                  170
45. Notes to consolidated cash flow statement                                                                                    171
46. Related party transactions                                                                                                   173
47. Company balance sheet                                                                                                        174
48. Approval of consolidated financial statements                                                                                174
Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures                                                                  175




                                                                                       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2018      99
Independent Auditor’s Report

To the Shareholders of Orient Overseas (International) Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


OPINION

What we have audited


The consolidated financial statements of Orient Overseas (International) Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the
“Group”) set out on pages 105 to 183, which comprise:


•    the consolidated balance sheet as at 31st December 2018;
•    the consolidated profit and loss account for the year then ended;
•    the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
•    the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;
•    the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended; and
•    the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting policies.


Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31st December 2018, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report.


We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), and
we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
100 Annual Report 2018
                                                                                        Independent Auditor’s Report



Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:


•      Recognition of freight revenue over time
•      Provision for operating costs


    Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
    Recognition of freight revenue over time                      Our procedures in relation to management’s quantification of
                                                                  freight revenue in relation to those vessel voyages which were
    Refer to notes 2.22 and 5 to the consolidated financial       in progress at year end included:
    statements.
                                                                  •    Understanding, evaluating and testing the information
    For the year ended 31st December 2018, the majority                technology general control environment of the operation
    of the Group ’ s revenue of US$6,572.7 million (2017:              system used to record the freight revenue transactions.
    US$5,981.7 million (restated)) was derived from the
    freight revenue from container transport operation.           •    Understanding, evaluating and testing the key controls
                                                                       over the recognition of freight revenue and receivable,
    The Group recognises freight revenue over time which               in particular relating to estimation of freight revenue for
    is determined on the time proportion of each individual            vessel voyages in progress at the year end.
    vessel voyage completed at year end with reference to their
    voyage details such as freight rates, departures dates and    •    Agreeing the departure dates and arrival dates of vessel
    arrival dates.                                                     voyages in progress at year end in the operation system
                                                                       to the sailing schedules, on a sample basis.
    The transaction volume of the voyages which are in
    progress as at year end is significant and complex            •    Agreeing the total freight revenue by vessel voyages in
    calculations are involved in the estimation of freight             the operation system to the accounting records.
    revenue over time.
                                                                  •    Recomputing the estimated freight revenue of vessel
                                                                       voyages which were in progress as at year end with
                                                                       reference to the departure dates and arrival dates on a
                                                                       sample basis.


                                                                  We found that management’s estimation of freight revenue
                                                                  for vessel voyages in progress at year end are supportable by
                                                                  available evidence.




                                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2018 101
Independent Auditor’s Report




 Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
 Provision for operating costs                                 Our procedures in relation to management’s estimation of the
                                                               provision for operating costs included:
 Refer to notes 4(c) and 40 to the consolidated financial
 statements.                                                   •    Understanding, evaluating and testing the information
                                                                    technology general control environment of the operation
 As at 31st December 2018, included in the accrued                  system used to record the operating costs and cost
 expenses of US$443.2 million (2017: US$420.7 million)              provisioning.
 was a provision for operating costs for container transport
 operation which mainly comprise cargo, vessel and voyage      •    Understanding, evaluating and testing the key controls
 costs, equipment and repositioning costs and terminal              over the operating costs, cost provisioning and accounts
 operating costs.                                                   payable cycle, in particular relating to the accuracy of the
                                                                    vendor tariffs in the operation system.
 As it takes several months to finalise certain costs with
 suppliers subsequent to the receipt of such services,         •    Understanding and reperforming the computation of the
 management makes a provision for such operating costs              provision for operating costs, on a sample basis.
 based on known services received, pattern of historical
 costs and estimated vendor tariffs.                           •    Reviewing and discussing monthly trend analysis for
                                                                    provision for operating costs with management to assess
 The estimation of provision for operating costs involves           the sufficiency of provisions made.
 significant judgement taking into account a number
 of factors, such as pattern of historical costs and the       •    Checking the subsequent utilisation of provision for
 estimated vendor tariffs. Changes in estimation could              operating costs to evaluate the sufficiency of provision
 result in material changes to the provision for operating          made.
 costs.
                                                               •    Reviewing paid and unpaid invoices after year end to
                                                                    ascertain whether liabilities have been recorded in the
                                                                    proper period, on a sample basis.


                                                               We found that the judgement involved in making the
                                                               provision for operating costs was supportable by the available
                                                               evidence.




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
102 Annual Report 2018
                                                                                        Independent Auditor’s Report



OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information
included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda and for no other purpose.
We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
     design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
     to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
     one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
     internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
     the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
     disclosures made by the directors.




                                                                                          Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2018 103
Independent Auditor’s Report



•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
     evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
     the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
     attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
     inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s
     report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
     and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves
     fair presentation.


•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
     the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
     and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing
so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Cheng Kam Fung.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong, 22nd March 2019




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
104 Annual Report 2018
                                     Consolidated Profit and Loss Account
                                                                   For the year ended 31st December 2018




                                                                                               Restated
US$’000                                                    Note               2018                 2017

Revenue                                                     5            6,572,655            5,981,676
Operating costs                                             6           (5,859,839)          (5,425,783)

Gross profit                                                               712,816              555,893
Fair value gain from an investment property                 18              39,500               43,436
Other operating income                                      7               82,521               71,936
Business and administrative expenses                                      (550,733)            (459,330)
Other (losses)/gains, net                                   8              (21,169)              26,220

Operating profit                                            11             262,935              238,155
Finance costs                                               12            (143,191)             (97,418)
Share of profits of joint ventures                          20               2,953                5,177
Share of profits of associated companies                    21              11,371               13,957

Profit before taxation                                                     134,068              159,871
Taxation                                                    13             (58,620)             (12,433)

Profit for the year from continuing operations                              75,448              147,438


Discontinued operation:
  Profit/(loss) for the year from discontinued operation    16              32,718               (9,782)

Profit for the year                                                        108,166              137,656

Profit attributable to:
Equity holders of the Company                                              108,166              137,656

Earnings/(loss) per ordinary share (US cents)
– from continuing operations                                                   12.1                23.6
– from discontinued operation                                                   5.2                 (1.6)

Basic and diluted                                           14                 17.3                22.0




                                                                  Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                    Annual Report 2018 105
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31st December 2018




                                                                                       Restated
 US$’000                                                                      2018        2017

 Profit for the year                                                        108,166    137,656

 Other comprehensive (loss)/income:
 Items that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss:
 Remeasurement (losses)/gains on defined benefit schemes                     (5,107)    10,506
 Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
   – Change in fair value                                                   (20,931)         –

 Total items that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss   (26,038)    10,506

 Items that have been reclassified or may be reclassified subsequently
   to profit or loss:
 Available-for-sale financial assets
   – Change in fair value                                                         –     12,492
 Currency translation adjustments
   – Foreign subsidiaries                                                    (9,354)     6,978
   – Associated companies                                                    (6,371)     8,505
   – Joint ventures                                                           (378)        478
   – Release of reserve upon disposal of subsidiaries                          (116)         –
   – Release of reserve upon partial disposal of a joint venture               (120)         –

 Total items that have been reclassified or may be reclassified
   subsequently to profit or loss                                           (16,339)    28,453

 Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year, net of tax                 (42,377)    38,959

 Total comprehensive income for the year                                     65,789    176,615

 Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year attributable
   to equity holders of the Company arising from:
   Continuing operations                                                     33,071    186,397
   Discontinued operation                                                    32,718      (9,782)

                                                                             65,789    176,615




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
106 Annual Report 2018
                                                             Consolidated Balance Sheet
                                                                                        As at 31st December 2018




US$’000                                                           Note               2018                 2017
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                      17           5,880,057            6,251,457
Investment property                                                18             310,000              270,000
Prepayments of lease premiums                                      19               7,452                7,972
Joint ventures                                                     20               8,940               10,833
Associated companies                                               21             139,676              148,840
Intangible assets                                                  22              32,428               49,204
Deferred taxation assets                                           23               1,233                1,476
Pension and retirement assets                                      24                    –                 243
Restricted bank balances                                           25              58,001               60,414
Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income       26              24,422                    –
Available-for-sale financial assets                                26                    –              45,383
Investments at amortised cost                                      27             189,391                    –
Held-to-maturity investments                                       27                    –             217,889
Other non-current assets                                           28             104,011               40,863
Non-current deposit with a fellow subsidiary                                       51,064                    –

                                                                                6,806,675            7,104,574

Current assets
Inventories                                                        29             119,710              102,157
Debtors and prepayments                                            30             634,229              589,936
Amounts due from joint ventures                                    31                 478                6,007
Amounts due from fellow subsidiaries                               32              12,969                    –
Amounts due from related companies                                 33                 690                    –
Investments at amortised cost                                      27              33,568                    –
Held-to-maturity investments                                       27                    –              17,040
Portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss         34             378,257              294,720
Derivative financial instruments                                   35                    –               1,825
Tax recoverable                                                                     6,966                8,637
Restricted bank balances                                           25               3,121                3,425
Cash and bank balances                                             36           1,584,465            1,940,975

                                                                                2,774,453            2,964,722
Assets held for sale                                               16             472,732                    –

                                                                                3,247,185            2,964,722

Total assets                                                                   10,053,860           10,069,296

EQUITY
Equity holders
Share capital                                                      37              62,579               62,579
Reserves                                                           38           4,672,551            4,619,934

Total equity                                                                    4,735,130            4,682,513




                                                                         Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                           Annual Report 2018 107
Consolidated Balance Sheet
As at 31st December 2018




 US$’000                                                                   Note        2018         2017
 LIABILITIES
 Non-current liabilities
 Borrowings                                                                 39     3,695,834    3,930,025
 Deferred taxation liabilities                                              23      106,827       65,221
 Pension and retirement liabilities                                         24         3,200          38
 Other non-current liabilities                                                            –       11,628

                                                                                   3,805,861    4,006,912

 Current liabilities
 Creditors and accruals                                                     40      838,185      740,260
 Amounts due to joint ventures                                              41         2,441        7,526
 Amounts due to fellow subsidiaries                                         42         5,843           –
 Amounts due to related companies                                           43       10,371            –
 Borrowings                                                                 39      501,922      624,158
 Derivative financial instruments                                           35         5,565           –
 Current taxation                                                                      7,494        7,927

                                                                                   1,371,821    1,379,871
 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale    16      141,048            –

                                                                                   1,512,869    1,379,871

 Total liabilities                                                                 5,318,730    5,386,783

 Total equity and liabilities                                                     10,053,860   10,069,296




Wang Haimin
Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew
Directors




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
108 Annual Report 2018
                                            Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
                                                                                   For the year ended 31st December 2018




US$’000                                                                   Note                2018                 2017
Cash flows from operating activities
  Operating profit                                                                         299,386              232,170
  Interest income                                                                          (56,452)             (46,611)
  Dividend income and distribution                                                         (24,805)             (22,975)
  Depreciation and amortisation                                                            403,701              439,824
  Loss on disposal of intangible assets                                                        657                6,690
  Impairment on investments at amortised cost                                                1,985                    –
  Fair value gain from assets and liabilities                                              (16,004)             (50,196)
  Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                                          (3,663)                   –
  Gain on partial disposal of a joint venture                                                 (896)                   –
  Net gain on disposal of non-current assets                                               (14,171)              (8,434)
  Operating profit before working capital changes                                          589,738              550,468
  Increase in inventories                                                                  (22,913)             (17,685)
  Increase in debtors and prepayments                                                      (86,094)            (115,641)
  Increase in amounts due from fellow subsidiaries                                         (20,350)                   –
  Increase in amounts due from related companies                                              (690)                   –
  Increase in creditors and accruals                                                       121,038               41,161
  Increase in amounts due to fellow subsidiaries                                             6,048                    –
  Increase in amounts due to related companies                                              10,371                    –
  (Decrease)/increase in other non-current liabilities                                      (1,115)              11,628
  Change in net pension assets/liabilities                                                  (1,667)              (1,556)
  Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                             3,394                2,319
  Cash generated from operations                                                           597,760              470,694
  Interest and financing charges paid                                                     (129,261)             (90,095)
  Hong Kong profits tax paid                                                                  (702)                 (21)
  Overseas taxes paid                                                                      (15,135)             (10,220)
  Net cash from operating activities                                                       452,662              370,358
Cash flows from investing activities
  Sale and redemption on maturity of non-current assets                                     89,182              155,757
  Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                               (490,041)            (470,428)
  Purchase of other non-current assets                                                     (47,975)             (98,101)
  (Increase)/decrease in portfolio investments
     at fair value through profit or loss                                                  (88,350)              46,200
  Disposal of subsidiaries                                                45(b)             (1,854)                   –
  Proceeds on partial disposal of a joint venture                                            1,230                    –
  Investment in a joint venture                                                                (34)                (154)
  Net change in amounts due from joint ventures                                                444               (8,762)
  Decrease/(increase) in restricted bank balances and
     bank deposits maturing more than three months                                           1,655              (61,956)
  Interest received                                                                         56,240               46,496
  Dividends and distribution received from investments                                      10,133                9,710
  Dividends received from joint ventures and associated companies                           18,212               20,204
  Net cash used in investing activities                                                   (451,158)            (361,034)
Cash flows from financing activities
  Drawdown of loans                                                       45(a)            213,692              447,361
  Repayment of loans                                                      45(a)           (506,679)            (552,076)
  Drawdown of finance lease obligations                                   45(a)            262,228              659,521
  Capital element of finance lease rental payments                        45(a)           (267,148)            (236,838)
  Dividend paid to equity holders of the Company                                                 –              (13,388)
  Net cash (used in)/from financing activities                                            (297,907)             304,580
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                      (296,403)             313,904
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                           1,940,975            1,625,219
Cash and cash equivalents of disposal group classified as held for sale                    (53,733)                   –
Currency translation adjustments                                                            (6,374)               1,852
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                  45(d)          1,584,465            1,940,975



                                                                                  Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2018 109
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31st December 2018




                                                     Equity holders
 US$’000                                      Share capital           Reserves         Total

 At 31st December 2016                              62,579            4,456,707    4,519,286
 Total comprehensive income for the year                 –              176,615      176,615
 Transactions with owners
   2017 interim dividend                                 –              (13,388)     (13,388)

 At 31st December 2017                              62,579            4,619,934    4,682,513
 Adjustment on adoption of HKFRS 9                       –              (13,172)     (13,172)

 Restated balance at 1st January 2018               62,579            4,606,762    4,669,341
 Total comprehensive income for the year                 –               65,789       65,789

 At 31st December 2018                              62,579            4,672,551    4,735,130




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
110 Annual Report 2018
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

1. GENERAL INFORMATION
  Orient Overseas (International) Limited (the “Company”) is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The
  address of its registered office is Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM11, Bermuda and the principal office is
  33rd floor, Harbour Centre, No. 25 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong.

  The principal activity of the Company is investment holding and the activities of its principal subsidiaries, associated
  companies and joint ventures are set out on pages 175 to 183 of the consolidated financial statements.

  The Company has its shares listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

  Prior to 13th July 2018, the ultimate parent company of the Group was Tung Holdings (Trustee) Inc., incorporated in the
  Republic of Liberia. On 13th July 2018, the ultimate parent company of the Group was changed to China COSCO SHIPPING
  Corporation Limited (“COSCO SHIPPING”), a state-owned enterprise established in the People’s Republic of China (the
  “PRC”).

  On 6th July 2018, the Group entered into the National Security Agreement pursuant to which the Group and COSCO
  SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd. committed to divest the Long Beach Container Terminal (“U.S. Terminal Business”). The
  proposed sale of the U.S. Terminal Business is accounted for as discontinued operation under HKFRS 5 “Non-current assets
  held for sale and discontinued operations”. Analysis of the results, cash flows, assets and liabilities of the U.S. Terminal
  Business is presented in note 16.

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  The significant accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below.
  These policies have been consistently applied to both years presented, unless otherwise stated.

  2.1 Basis of preparation
       The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
       (“HKFRS”). They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by the revaluation of investment
       property, investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, portfolio investments at fair value through
       profit or loss and derivative financial instruments which are carried at fair value.

       The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRS requires the use of certain critical
       accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s
       accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and
       estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed in note 4.

       The adoption of revised HKFRSs
       In 2018, the Group adopted the following new standards, amendments, improvement and interpretation to existing
       HKFRSs below, which are relevant to its operations.




                                                                                    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2018 111
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    2.1 Basis of preparation (Continued)
         The adoption of revised HKFRSs (Continued)
         (a) Impact on the financial statements


                New standards, amendments, improvement and interpretation
                HKFRSs                                  Annual Improvements 2014 – 2016 Reporting Cycle
                HKFRS 9                                 Financial Instruments
                HKFRS 15                                Revenue from Contracts with Customers
                HKFRS 15 (Amendment)                    Clarification to HKFRS 15
                HKAS 40 (Amendment)                     Transfer of Investment Property
                HK (IFRIC) – Int 22                     Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration

              The adoption of the above new standards, amendments, improvement and interpretation to existing HKFRSs do
              not have a material impact on the Group, except for HKFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” as set out below.

         (b) HKFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” – Impact of adoption
              The adoption of HKFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” from 1st January 2018 resulted in changes in accounting
              policies and adjustments to the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements. In accordance
              with the transitional provision in HKFRS 9, comparative figures have not been restated. The reclassification and
              adjustments arising from the new impairment rules are therefore not reflected in the restated balance sheet as at
              31st December 2017, but are recognised in the opening balance sheet on 1st January 2018.

              The adjustments on the consolidated balance sheet as at 1st January 2018 are summarised below:


                                                                    31st December
                                                                              2017            Effect of          1st January
                US$’000                                               As originally        adoption of                  2018
                Balance sheet (extract)                 Note             presented           HKFRS 9                Restated

                Non-current assets
                Investments at fair value through
                  other comprehensive income            (i)(a)                   –              45,383               45,383
                Investments at amortised cost         (i)(b),(ii)                –             217,617              217,617
                Available-for-sale financial assets     (i)(a)              45,383             (45,383)                   –
                Held-to-maturity investments            (i)(b)             217,889            (217,889)                   –

                Current assets
                Debtors and prepayments                   (ii)             589,936             (12,897)             577,039
                Investments at amortised cost         (i)(b),(ii)                –              17,037               17,037
                Held-to-maturity investments            (i)(b)              17,040             (17,040)                   –

                Total assets                                            10,069,296             (13,172)           10,056,124

                Retained profit                                          4,267,850             (13,172)            4,254,678

                Total equity                                             4,682,513             (13,172)            4,669,341




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
112 Annual Report 2018
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  2.1 Basis of preparation (Continued)
     The adoption of revised HKFRSs (Continued)
     (b) HKFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” – Impact of adoption (Continued)
         The total impact on the Group’s retained profit as at 1st January 2018 is as follows:


          US$’000                                                                                Note
          Closing retained profit as at 31st December 2017                                                          4,267,850
          Increase in provision for trade receivables and investments at amortised cost              (ii)             (13,172)

          Opening retained profit as at 1st January 2018                                                            4,254,678


         (i)   Classification and measurement
               On 1st January 2018 (the date of initial application of HKFRS 9), the Group’s management has assessed which
               business models apply to the financial assets held by the Group and has classified its financial instruments
               into the appropriate HKFRS 9 categories. The main effects resulting from the reclassification are:


               (a) Equity investments previously classified as available-for-sale financial assets
                    The equity investments previously classified as available-for-sale financial assets were reclassified as
                    investments at fair value through other comprehensive income as these investments are held as long-term
                    strategic investments.


               (b) Reclassification from held-to-maturity investments to investments at amortised cost
                    Bonds that would have previously been classified as held-to-maturity investments are now classified as
                    investments at amortised cost. The Group intends to hold the assets to maturity to collect contractual
                    cash flows and these cash flows consist solely of payments of principal and interest on the principal
                    amount outstanding.

         (ii) Impairment of financial assets
               The Group has adopted the new impairment models in which the recognition of impairment provision is
               based on expected credit losses rather than only incurred credit losses. The below financial assets are assessed
               to have impact under the HKFRS 9’s new expected credit loss model:


               •    Trade receivables


               •    Investments at amortised cost




                                                                                    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2018 113
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    2.1 Basis of preparation (Continued)
         The adoption of revised HKFRSs (Continued)
         (b) HKFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” – Impact of adoption (Continued)
              Trade receivables
              The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
              expected loss allowance for all trade receivables.

              The loss allowance for trade receivables as at 31st December 2017 reconcile to the opening loss allowance on 1st
              January 2018 as follows:


                US$’000                                                                                      Trade receivables
                At 31st December 2017 – calculated under HKAS 39                                                        16,061
                Amounts restated through opening retained profit                                                        12,897

                Opening loss allowance as at 1st January 2018 – calculated under HKFRS 9                                28,958

              Investments at amortised cost
              All of the Group’s debt investments at amortised cost are considered to have low credit risk, and the loss allowance
              recognised during the year was therefore limited to 12 months expected losses. The adoption of the expected credit
              loss model resulted in the recognition of a loss allowance at US$275,000 on 1st January 2018.

         New standards, amendments, improvement and interpretation to existing standards that are relevant but
         not yet effective to the Group

                                                                                                                   Effective for
                                                                                                             accounting periods
          New standards, amendments, improvement and interpretation to existing standards                  beginning on or after
          HKAS 19 (Amendment)                 Employee Benefits                                                  1st January 2019
          HKAS 28 (Amendment)                 Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures                       1st January 2019
          HKFRSs                              Annual Improvements 2015 - 2017 Reporting Cycle                    1st January 2019
          HKFRS 9 (Amendment)                 Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation and                 1st January 2019
                                                Modification of Financial Liabilities
          HKFRS 16                            Leases                                                             1st January 2019
          HK (IFRIC) – Int 23                 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments                             1st January 2019
          HKAS 1 and HKAS 8                   Definition of Material                                             1st January 2020
           (Amendments)
          HKFRS 3 (Amendment)                 Definition of a Business                                           1st January 2020
          HKFRS 17                            Insurance Contracts                                                1st January 2021
          HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its        To be announced
           (Amendments)                         Associate or Joint Venture

         The adoption of HKAS 19 (Amendment), HKAS 28 (Amendment), HKAS 1 and HKAS 8 (Amendments), HKFRSs
         Annual Improvements 2015 – 2017 Reporting Cycle, HK (IFRIC) – Int 23, HKFRS 3 (Amendment), HKFRS 9
         (Amendment), HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (Amendments) and HKFRS 17 are not expected to have a significant effect on
         the consolidated financial statements of the Group. The following assessment on HKFRS 16 has been carried out.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
114 Annual Report 2018
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  2.1 Basis of preparation (Continued)
     HKFRS 16 “Leases”
     HKFRS 16 will affect primarily the accounting for the Group’s operating leases. Under HKFRS 16, an asset (the right to
     use the leased item) and a financial liability to pay rentals are recognised in the consolidated balance sheet. Management
     considers the operating lease commitments as disclosed in note 44(b) and note 16(d) will result in the recognition of an
     asset and a liability for future payments and will affect the Group’s results and classification of cash flows. The impact of
     adoption will be disclosed in the Interim Report 2019.


  2.2 Consolidation
     The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries made up to
     31st December.

     The consolidated financial statements also include the Group’s attributable share of post-acquisition results and reserves
     of its joint ventures and associated companies.

     (a) Subsidiaries
          A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity) over which the Group has control. The Group controls an
          entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has
          the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on
          which control is transferred to the Group. They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.

          The Group uses the acquisition method of accounting to account for business combinations. The consideration
          transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred
          and the equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset
          or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as
          incurred. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination
          are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognises any non-controlling
          interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis. Non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are
          present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event
          of liquidation are measured at either fair value or the present ownership interests’ proportionate share in the
          recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are
          measured at their acquisition date fair value, unless another measurement basis is required by HKFRS.

          The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the
          acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identifiable net
          assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the total of consideration transferred, non-controlling interest recognised
          and previously held interest measured is less than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired in the
          case of a bargain purchase, the difference is recognised directly in the consolidated profit and loss account.

          Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are
          eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the
          asset transferred.




                                                                                      Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2018 115
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    2.2 Consolidation (Continued)
         (b) Transactions with non-controlling interests
              Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
              transactions – that is, as transactions with the owners of the subsidiary in their capacity as owners. The difference
              between any consideration paid and the relevant share acquired of the carrying value of net assets of the subsidiary
              is recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals to non-controlling interests are also recorded in equity.

              When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value, with
              the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. The fair value is the initial carrying amount for the
              purposes of subsequent accounting for the retained interest as an associated company, joint venture or financial
              asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are
              accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts
              previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.

         (c) Joint arrangements
              Joint arrangements are classified as either joint operations or joint ventures depending on the contractual rights
              and obligations of each investor. The Group has assessed the nature of its joint arrangements and determined them
              to be joint ventures. Joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method.

              Under the equity method of accounting, interests in joint ventures are initially recognised at cost and adjusted
              thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses and movements in other
              comprehensive income. When the Group’s share of losses in a joint venture equals or exceeds its interests in the
              joint ventures (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment
              in the joint ventures), the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made
              payments on behalf of the joint ventures.

              Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the
              Group’s interest in the joint ventures. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence
              of an impairment of the asset transferred.

         (d) Associated companies
              Associated companies are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control, generally
              accompanying a shareholding of between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. Investments in associated companies
              are accounted for by the equity method of accounting and are initially recognised at cost. The Group’s investments
              in associated companies includes goodwill (net of any accumulated impairment loss) identified on acquisition.

              If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a proportionate
              share of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where
              appropriate.

              The Group’s share of its associated companies’ post-acquisition profits or losses is recognised in the consolidated
              profit and loss account, and its share of post-acquisition movements in reserves is recognised in reserves. The
              cumulative post-acquisition movements are adjusted against the carrying amount of the investment. When the
              Group’s share of losses in an associated company equals or exceeds its interest in the associated company, including
              any other unsecured receivables, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or
              made payments on behalf of the associated company.

              Profits and losses resulting from upstream and downstream transactions between the Group and its associated
              companies are recognised in the Group’s financial statements only to the extent of unrelated investor’s interests
              in the associated companies. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of
              an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of associated companies have been changed where
              necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.



    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
116 Annual Report 2018
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  2.3 Property, plant and equipment
      All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less depreciation and impairment losses. Historical cost
      includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items. Subsequent costs are included in the
      asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic
      benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other
      repairs and maintenance are charged to the consolidated profit and loss account during the financial period in which
      they are incurred.

      No depreciation is provided for assets under construction and freehold land.

      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost to their
      residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

      Container vessels                                               25 years
      Containers and chassis                                          10 to 15 years
      Terminal equipment and improvement                              3 to 15 years
      Freehold buildings                                              Not exceeding 75 years
      Leasehold buildings                                             Over period of the lease
      Leasehold improvement                                           Over period of the lease or 5 years whichever is lower
      Furniture, vehicles, computer and other equipment               3 to 10 years

      The residual values of the assets and their useful lives are reviewed and adjusted if appropriate, at each balance sheet
      date.

      During the year, management has reviewed the estimated useful lives of the containers. With due consideration of the
      standard of performance and the Group’s maintenance programme over these containers, the Directors consider that
      it is more fair and appropriate to extend the estimated useful lives of containers from 12 years to 15 years. The revision
      of the estimated useful lives of the containers has been effective from 1st July 2018 and has the effect of reducing the
      depreciation charge for the year ended 31st December 2018 by US$26.3 million.

      The carrying amount of an asset is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the carrying amount of the
      asset is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

      Gains and losses on disposals are determined as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying
      amounts of the assets and are dealt with in the consolidated profit and loss account.

  2.4 Investment property
      Property that is held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both, and that is not occupied by the
      companies in the Group, is classified as investment property. Investment property comprises freehold land, land held
      under operating leases and buildings held under finance leases. Land held under operating leases are classified and
      accounted for as investment property when the rest of the definition of investment property is met. The operating lease
      is accounted for as if it were a finance lease.

      Investment property is initially measured at cost, including related transaction costs and where applicable borrowing
      costs. After initial recognition, investment property is carried at fair value. Fair value is based on valuation carried out
      semi-annually by an independent external valuer. Changes in fair values are recognised in the consolidated profit and
      loss account.

  2.5 Vessel repairs and surveys
      Upon acquisition of a vessel, the components of the vessel which are required to be replaced at the next dry-docking
      are identified and their costs are depreciated over five years to the next estimated dry-docking date. Costs incurred on
      subsequent dry-docking of vessels are capitalised and depreciated over the period to the next estimated dry-docking
      date. When significant dry-docking costs incurred prior to the expiry of the depreciation period, the remaining costs of
      the previous dry-docking are written off immediately.



                                                                                      Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2018 117
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    2.6 Intangible assets
         (a) Goodwill
              Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the Group’s share of the
              net identifiable assets of the acquired subsidiary, associated company or joint ventures at the effective date of
              acquisition.

              Goodwill on acquisition of a foreign operation is treated as an asset of the foreign operation.

              Goodwill arising on acquisition of subsidiaries is retained at the carrying amount as an intangible asset. Goodwill
              arising on acquisition of associated companies and joint ventures is included within investments in associated
              companies and joint ventures respectively and is tested for impairment as part of overall balance. Separately
              recognised goodwill is subject to impairment review annually and when there are indications that the carrying
              value may not be recoverable. If the cost of acquisition is less than the fair value of the Group’s share of the net
              identifiable assets of the acquired company, the difference is recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account.

         (b) Computer software
              Costs associated with maintaining computer software programmes are recognised as an expense as incurred.
              Costs that are directly associated with the production of identifiable and unique software products controlled by
              the Group, and that will probably generate economic benefits exceeding costs beyond one year, are recognised
              as intangible assets. Direct costs include the software development employee costs and an appropriate portion of
              relevant overheads.

              Computer software costs recognised as assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation. Amortisation is
              calculated on the straight-line basis over their estimated useful life, with a maximum of five years.

    2.7 Impairment of investments in subsidiaries and non-financial assets
         Assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation, and are at least tested annually for impairment.
         Assets that are subject to amortisation are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
         indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which
         the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of the fair value
         of an asset less costs to sell and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest
         levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash generating units). Non-financial assets other than
         goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each reporting date.

         Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving dividends from these investments if
         the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the dividend is declared or if the
         carrying amount of the investment in the separate account exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial
         statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.

    2.8 Non-current assets (or disposal groups) held for sale and discontinued operations
         Non-current assets (or disposal groups) are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered
         principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use and a sale is considered highly probable. They
         are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell, except for assets such as deferred tax
         assets, assets arising from employee benefits, financial assets and investment property that are carried at fair value and
         contractual rights under insurance contracts, which are specifically exempt from this requirement.

         Non-current assets (including those that are part of a disposal group) are not depreciated or amortised while they are
         classified as held for sale. Interest and other expenses attributable to the liabilities of a disposal group classified as held
         for sale continue to be recognised.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
118 Annual Report 2018
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  2.8 Non-current assets (or disposal groups) held for sale and discontinued operations (Continued)
      Non-current assets classified as held for sale and the assets of a disposal group classified as held for sale are presented
      separately from the other assets in the consolidated balance sheet. The liabilities of a disposal group classified as held for
      sale are presented separately from other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet.

      A discontinued operation is a component of the entity that has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale and that
      represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations, is part of a single co-ordinated plan to
      dispose of such a line of business or area of operations, or is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale. The
      results of discontinued operations are presented separately in the consolidated profit and loss account.


  2.9 Investments and other financial assets
      (a) Classification
           From 1st January 2018, the Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

           •    those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income or through profit
                or loss); and

           •    those to be measured at amortised cost.

           The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual
           terms of the cash flows.

           For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or other comprehensive
           income. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Group
           has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at fair value
           through other comprehensive income.

           The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.

      (b) Recognition and derecognition
           Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the Group
           commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from
           the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks
           and rewards of ownership.

      (c) Measurement
           At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not
           at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial
           asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss.

           Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their cash
           flows are solely payment of principal and interest.




                                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2018 119
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    2.9 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
         (c) Measurement (Continued)
              Debt instruments
              Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset and
              the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the Group classifies its
              debt instruments:

             •      Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent
                    solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from these financial
                    assets is included in “other operating income” using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising
                    on derecognition is recognised directly in profit or loss and presented in “other gains/(losses)” together with
                    foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented in “other gains/(losses)”.

             •      Fair value through other comprehensive income: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash
                    flows and for selling the financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal
                    and interest, are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. Movements in the carrying
                    amount are taken through other comprehensive income, except for the recognition of impairment gains or
                    losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses which are recognised in profit or loss. When
                    the financial asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive
                    income is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognised in “other gains/(losses)”. Interest income
                    from these financial assets is included in “other operating income” using the effective interest rate method.
                    Foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment expenses are presented in “other gains/(losses)”.

             •      Fair value through profit or loss: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or fair value through
                    other comprehensive income are measured at fair value through profit or loss. A gain or loss on a debt
                    investment that is subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss is recognised in profit or loss and
                    presented net within “other gains/(losses)” in the period in which it arises.

              Equity instruments
              The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management has elected
              to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in other comprehensive income, there is no subsequent
              reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the derecognition of the investment.
              Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in profit or loss as “other operating income” when the
              Group’s right to receive payments is established.

              Changes in the fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are recognised in “other gains/
              (losses)” in profit or loss as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity
              investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are not reported separately from other
              changes in fair value.

         (d) Impairment
              From 1st January 2018, the Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its
              debt instruments carried at amortised cost and fair value through other comprehensive income. The impairment
              methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

              For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which requires expected
              lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
120 Annual Report 2018
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  2.9 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
     (e) Accounting policies applied until 31st December 2017
         The Group has applied HKFRS 9 retrospectively, but has elected not to restate comparative information. As a result,
         the comparative information provided continues to be accounted for in accordance with the Group’s previous
         accounting policy.

         Until 31st December 2017 the Group classified its investments in the following categories: portfolio investments at
         fair value through profit or loss, loans and receivables, held-to-maturity investments and available-for-sale financial
         assets. The classification determined on the purpose for which the investments were acquired. Management
         determined the classification of its investments at initial recognition and re-evaluates this designation at every
         reporting date.

         (i) Portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss
              Portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets held for trading and those
              designated at fair value through profit or loss at inception. A financial asset is classified in this category if
              acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the short term or if so designated by management. Assets in
              this category are classified as current assets if they are either held for trading or are expected to be realised
              within 12 months from the balance sheet date.

         (ii) Loans and receivables
              Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not
              quoted in an active market. They arise when the Group provides money or services directly to a debtor with
              no intention of trading the receivable. They are included in current assets, except for maturities greater than
              12 months after the balance sheet date; which are classified as non-current assets.

         (iii) Held-to-maturity investments
              Held-to-maturity investments are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments and
              fixed maturities that the Group’s management has the positive intention and ability to hold to maturity. If the
              Group were to sell other than an insignificant amount of held-to-maturity investments, the whole category
              would be reclassified as available-for-sale financial assets. Held-to-maturity investments are included in non-
              current assets, except for those with maturities less than 12 months from the balance sheet date; which are
              classified as current assets.

         (iv) Available-for-sale financial assets
              Available-for-sale financial assets are non-derivatives that are either designated in this category or not
              classified in any of the other categories. They are included in non-current assets unless management intends
              to dispose of the investment within 12 months of the balance sheet date.

              Interest on available-for-sale financial assets calculated using the effective interest method is recognised in
              the consolidated profit and loss account as part of “other operating income”. Dividends on available-for-
              sale equity instruments are recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account as part of “other operating
              income” when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.




                                                                                    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2018 121
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    2.9 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
         (e) Accounting policies applied until 31st December 2017 (Continued)
              (v) Recognition and measurement
                    Regular way purchases and sales of investments are recognised on trade-date – the date on which the Group
                    commits to purchase or sell the asset. Investments are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs
                    for all financial assets not carried at fair value through profit or loss. Investments are derecognised when the
                    rights to receive cash flows from the investments have expired or have been transferred and the Group has
                    transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership. Available-for-sale financial assets and portfolio
                    investments at fair value through profit or loss are subsequently carried at fair value. Loans and receivables
                    and held-to-maturity investments are carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method less
                    impairment losses, if any.

                    Realised and unrealised gains and losses arising from changes in the fair value of the portfolio investments
                    at fair value through profit or loss are included in the consolidated profit and loss account in the period in
                    which they arise. Unrealised gains and losses arising from changes in the fair value of non-monetary securities
                    classified as available-for-sale financial assets are recognised in other comprehensive income. When securities
                    classified as available-for-sale financial assets are sold or impaired, the accumulated fair value adjustments are
                    included in the consolidated profit and loss account as gains and losses from available-for-sale financial assets.

                    The fair values of quoted investments are based on current bid prices. If the market for a financial asset is
                    not active (and for unlisted securities), the Group establishes fair value by using valuation techniques. These
                    include the use of recent arm’s length transactions, reference to other instruments that are substantially
                    the same, discounted cash flow analysis, and option pricing models refined to reflect the issuer’s specific
                    circumstances.

                    The Group may choose to reclassify a non-derivative trading financial asset out of the portfolio investments at
                    fair value through profit or loss category if the financial asset is no longer held for the purpose of selling it in
                    the near term. Financial assets other than loans and receivables are permitted to be reclassified out of the held
                    for trading category only in rare circumstances arising from a single event that is unusual and highly unlikely
                    to recur in the near term. In addition, the Group may choose to reclassify financial assets that would meet
                    the definition of loans and receivables or held-to-maturity investments out of the portfolio investments at fair
                    value through profit or loss or available-for-sale financial assets categories if the Group has the intention and
                    ability to hold these financial assets for the foreseeable future or until maturity at the date of reclassification.

                    Reclassifications are made at fair value as of the reclassification date. Fair value becomes the new cost or
                    amortised cost as applicable, and no reversals of fair value gains or losses recorded before reclassification date
                    are subsequently made. Effective interest rates for financial assets reclassified to loans and receivables and
                    held-to-maturity categories are determined at the reclassification date. Further increases in estimates of cash
                    flows adjust effective interest rates prospectively.

                    The Group assesses at each balance sheet date whether there is objective evidence that a financial asset or a
                    group of financial assets is impaired. In the case of equity securities classified as available-for-sale financial
                    assets, a significant or prolonged decline in the fair value of the securities below its cost is considered in
                    determining whether the securities are impaired. If any such evidence exists for available-for-sale financial
                    assets, the cumulative loss measured as the difference between the acquisition cost and the current fair value,
                    less any impairment loss on that financial asset previously recognised in the consolidated profit and loss
                    account is removed from equity and recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account. Impairment losses
                    recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account on equity instruments are not reversed through the
                    consolidated profit and loss account.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
122 Annual Report 2018
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  2.9 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
      (e) Accounting policies applied until 31st December 2017 (Continued)
          (v) Recognition and measurement (Continued)
                 Impairment on held-to-maturity investments is considered at both an individual and collective level. The
                 individual impairment allowance is measured as the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the
                 present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at asset’s original effective interest rate, where the
                 effect of discounting is material.

                 For loans and receivables category, the amount of the loss is measured as the difference between the asset’s
                 carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows (excluding future credit losses that have
                 not been incurred) discounted at the financial asset’s original effective interest rate. The carrying amount
                 of the asset is reduced and the amount of the loss is recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account.
                 If a loan or held-to-maturity investment has a variable interest rate, the discount rate for measuring any
                 impairment loss is the current effective interest rate determined under the contract. As a practical expedient,
                 the Group may measure impairment on the basis of an instrument’s fair value using an observable market
                 price.

      (f) Offsetting financial instruments
           Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated balance sheet when there
           is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or
           realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent on
           future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or
           bankruptcy of the company or the counterparty.

  2.10 Inventories
      Inventories mainly comprise bunkers and consumable stores. Cost is calculated on weighted average basis. Inventories
      are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
      course of business, less the costs of completion and selling expenses.

  2.11 Debtors
      Debtors are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
      method, less provision for impairment. A provision for impairment of debtors is established when there is objective
      evidence that the Group will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of receivables and is
      also based on expected credit losses rather than only incurred credit losses. The amount of the provision is recognised in
      the consolidated profit and loss account. More information about the impairment policies of debtors is disclosed in note
      3.1(c).

      If collection of debtors is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they
      are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

  2.12 Cash and cash equivalents
      Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks with original maturities of three months
      or less.

  2.13 Share capital
      Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

      Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the
      proceeds.



                                                                                       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2018 123
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    2.14 Creditors
         Trade creditors are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of business
         from suppliers. Creditors are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year or less or in the normal
         operating cycle of the business if longer. If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.

         Trade creditors are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
         interest method.

    2.15 Borrowings
         Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently stated at
         amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds net of transaction costs and the redemption value is recognised in
         the consolidated profit and loss account over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.

         Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the
         liability for at least twelve months after the balance sheet date.

         Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it
         is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down
         occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is
         capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it relates.

    2.16 Current and deferred taxation
         The tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the consolidated profit and loss
         account, except to the extent that it relates to item recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In
         this case the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

         The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the balance
         sheet date in the countries where the Company’s subsidiaries, joint ventures and associated companies operate and
         generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in
         which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of
         amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

         Deferred taxation is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases
         of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However, if the deferred
         taxation arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at
         the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss, it is not accounted for. Deferred taxation
         is determined using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date and are expected
         to apply when the related deferred taxation asset is realised or the deferred taxation liability is settled.

         Deferred taxation assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against
         which the temporary differences can be utilised.

         Deferred taxation is provided on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, associated companies and
         joint ventures, except where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the Group and it is
         probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

         Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
         against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income tax assets and liabilities related to income taxes levied by the
         same taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the
         balances on a net basis.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
124 Annual Report 2018
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  2.17 Employee benefits
     (a) Pension obligations
         The Group operates a number of defined benefit and defined contribution pension and retirement benefit schemes
         in the main countries in which the Group operates. These schemes are generally funded by payments from
         employees and by relevant group companies, taking into account of the recommendations of independent qualified
         actuaries where required.

         A defined benefit plan is a pension plan that is not a defined contribution plan. Typically defined benefit plans
         define an amount of pension benefit that an employee will receive on retirement, usually dependent on one or more
         factors such as age, years of service and compensation.

         The liability recognised in the consolidated balance sheet in respect of defined benefit pension plans is the present
         value of the defined benefit obligation at the balance sheet date less the fair value of plan assets. The defined benefit
         obligation is calculated annually by independent actuaries using the projected expected benefit payments. The
         present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows
         using interest rates of high quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will
         be paid, and that have terms to maturity approximating to the terms of the related pension obligation. In countries
         where there is no deep market in such bonds, the market rates on government bonds are used.

         The current service cost of the defined benefit plan, recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account in
         employee benefit expense, except where included in the cost of an asset, reflects the increase in the defined benefit
         obligation results from employee service in the current year, benefit changes, curtailments and settlements.

         Past-service costs are recognised immediately in the consolidated profit and loss account.

         The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the defined benefit obligation
         and the fair value of plan assets. This cost is included in employee benefit expense in the consolidated profit and
         loss account.

         Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or
         credited to equity in other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.

         Contributions under the defined contribution schemes are recognised as employee benefit expense when they are
         due and are reduced by contributions forfeited by those employees who leave the scheme prior to vesting fully in
         the contributions. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in
         the future payments is available.

     (b) Bonus plans
         The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses, based on a formula that takes into consideration the
         profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders after certain adjustments. The Group recognises a provision
         where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a constructive obligation.

     (c) Employee leave entitlements
         Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made for
         the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the balance sheet date.
         Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.




                                                                                     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2018 125
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    2.18 Provisions
         Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events; it is
         probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the amount can be reliably estimated.

         Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
         determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an
         outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

    2.19 Insurance contracts
         The Company regards its financial guarantees provided to its subsidiaries as insurance contracts. The Company initially
         and subsequently assesses at each balance sheet date the liabilities under its insurance contracts using current estimates
         of future cash flows. Changes in carrying amount of these insurance liabilities are recognised in the profit and loss
         account.

    2.20 Segment information
         Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
         decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
         performance of the operating segments and making strategic decisions, has been identified as the Board of Directors.

    2.21 Foreign currency translation
         (a) Functional and presentation currency
              Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of
              the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated
              financial statements are presented in US dollar, which is the Company’s functional currency and the Group’s
              presentation currency.

         (b) Transactions and balances
              Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the
              dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and
              from the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
              are recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account.

              Changes in the fair value of debt securities denominated in foreign currency classified as investments at fair
              value through other comprehensive income/available-for-sale financial assets are analysed between translation
              differences resulting from changes in the amortised cost of the security and other changes in the carrying amount
              of the security. Translation differences related to changes in amortised cost are recognised in profit or loss, and
              other changes in carrying amount are recognised in other comprehensive income.

              Translation differences on non-monetary items, such as equities held at fair value through profit or loss, are
              reported as part of the fair value gain or loss. Translation differences on non-monetary items, such as equities
              classified as investments at fair value through other comprehensive income/available-for-sale financial assets, are
              included in the investments revaluation reserve in other comprehensive income.

         (c) Group companies
              The results and financial position of all the group entities (none of which has the currency of a hyperinflationary
              economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the
              presentation currency as follows:




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
126 Annual Report 2018
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  2.21 Foreign currency translation (Continued)
      (c) Group companies (Continued)
           (i)   assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that
                 balance sheet;

           (ii) income and expenses for each profit and loss account are translated at average exchange rates (unless
                this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the
                transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the rates prevailing on the dates of the
                transactions); and

           (iii) all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

           On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of the net investment in foreign entities,
           and of borrowings and other currency instruments designated as hedges of such investments, are taken to other
           comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold, such exchange differences are recognised in the
           consolidated profit and loss account as part of the gain or loss on sale.

           Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and liabilities
           of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.

  2.22 Revenue recognition
      Revenue comprises the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of services, net of value-added
      tax, rebates and discounts and after eliminating sales within the Group. Revenue is recognised as follows:

      (a) Freight revenues from the operation of the container transport are recognised over time which is determined on
          the time proportion method of each individual vessel voyage.

      (b) Revenues from logistics business are recognised when services are rendered or over time which is determined on
          the time proportion method of the progress of the transportation.

      (c) Revenues from the operation of container terminals and provision of other services are recognised when services
          are rendered.

      (d) Rental income under operating leases is recognised over the periods of the respective leases on a straight-line basis.

  2.23 Interest income
      Interest income is recognised on a time-proportion basis using the effective interest method.

  2.24 Dividend income
      Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.

  2.25 Contract assets and contract liabilities
      Upon entering into a contract with a customer, the Group obtains rights to receive consideration from the customer
      and assumes performance obligations to transfer goods or provide services to the customer. The combination of those
      rights and performance obligations gives rise to a net asset or a net liability depending on the relationship between
      the remaining rights and the performance obligations. The contract is an asset and recognised as contract assets if the
      measure of the remaining rights exceeds the measure of the remaining performance obligations. Conversely, the contract
      is a liability and recognised as contract liabilities if the measure of the remaining performance obligations exceeds the
      measure of the remaining rights. The Group recognises the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer
      within contract assets if the Group expects to recover those costs.


                                                                                       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2018 127
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
    2.26 Leases
         (a) Operating lease
              Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessor are classified
              as operating leases. Payments made under operating leases, net of any incentives received from the lessor, are
              charged to the consolidated profit and loss account on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.

              The up-front prepayments made for the leasehold land and land use rights are expensed in the consolidated profit
              and loss account on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease or where there is impairment, the impairment
              is expensed in the consolidated profit and loss account.

         (b) Finance lease
              Leases of assets where the Group has substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are classified as finance
              leases. Finance leases are capitalised at the lease’s commencement at the lower of the fair value of the leased assets
              and the present value of the minimum lease payments. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and
              finance charges so as to achieve a constant rate on the balance outstanding. The corresponding rental obligations,
              net of finance charges, are included in current and non-current borrowings. The interest element of the finance
              cost is recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account over the lease period so as to produce a constant
              periodic rate of interest on the remaining balances of the liability for each period.

    2.27 Borrowing costs
         Borrowing costs are expensed in the consolidated profit and loss account in the period in which they are incurred,
         except to the extent that they are capitalised as being directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production
         of a qualifying asset which necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale.

         The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset commences when expenditure for the
         asset is being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and activities that are necessary to prepare the asset for its
         intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalisation of borrowing costs is suspended or ceases when substantially all the
         activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are interrupted or completed.

    2.28 Derivative financial instruments
         Derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and
         are subsequently remeasured at their fair value. Changes in fair value are recognised in the consolidated profit and loss
         account.

    2.29 Dividend distribution
         Dividend distribution to the Company’s equity holders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s financial statements in
         the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s Directors/equity holders.

    2.30 Government grants
         Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be
         received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

         Government grants relating to the purchase of property, plant and equipment are recognised as a deduction from the
         carrying amount of the related assets in the consolidated balance sheet and are credited to profit or loss on a straight-
         line basis over the expected lives of the related assets.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
128 Annual Report 2018
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
  3.1 Financial risk factors
      The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: foreign exchange risk, price risk, credit risk, liquidity
      risk and cash flow and fair value interest rate risk. The Group’s overall risk management policy focuses on the
      unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial
      performance.

      The Group has regularly monitored current and expected liquidity requirements against the cash on hand, expected
      net operating cash flow, committed facilities and its compliance with loan covenants, to ensure the Group’s liquidity
      requirements can be met in the short and longer term.

      The Group has paid ongoing attention on credit quality of counterparties, in particular major customers and financial
      institutions with relationship in terms of debt securities, derivatives and cash transactions. Credit qualities of respective
      counterparties are disclosed in respective notes to the consolidated financial statements.

      (a) Foreign exchange risk
           The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency
           exposures, primarily with respect to fluctuation in the exchange rates of foreign currencies to the US dollar. Foreign
           currency exposures are covered by forward contracts and options whenever appropriate.

           Income and expenses from container transport and logistics activities are mainly denominated in US dollar and in
           various currencies, mainly including Euro, Canadian dollar, Japanese yen and Renminbi.

           To limit currency exposure, the US dollar based activities are financed primarily by loans in US dollar. With all
           other variables held constant, an average change in the US dollar exchange rate of 1%, compared with all other
           non-US dollar related currencies, has a positive/negative effect on the results for 2018 of approximately US$3.4
           million (2017: US$3.5 million).

      (b) Price risk
           The container transport and logistics activities are sensitive to economic fluctuations. The Group is exposed to
           freight rate risk. The Group’s revenue will increase/decrease by US$58.3 million (2017: US$53.1 million) for 1%
           increase/reduction of the average container freight rates with all other variables held constant.

           The Group is exposed to bunker price risk for its container transport and logistics activities. Bunker cost is one
           of the major cost components of container transport and logistics activities. To manage its price risk arising
           from bunker, the Group enters into bunker price derivative contracts. An increase in bunker price can only be
           partially compensated through freight surcharge bunker price adjustment. With all other variables held constant,
           the operating costs will be increased by approximately US$1.9 million (2017: US$2.0 million) for one US dollar
           increase in bunker price per ton.

           The Group is also exposed to equity/debt securities price risk because of investments held by the Group include
           investments at fair value through other comprehensive income/available-for-sale financial assets or portfolio
           investments at fair value through profit or loss which are accounted at fair value. To manage its price risk arising
           from investments in equity/debt securities, the Group diversifies its portfolio. If the prices of the respective quoted
           equity/debt securities of the Group had been increased/decreased by 1% and all other variables held constant,
           the profit after taxation of the Group for the year ended 31st December 2018 would increase/decrease by US$3.7
           million (2017: US$2.9 million) as a result of the changes in fair value of equity/debt securities under portfolio
           investments at fair value through profit or loss.




                                                                                       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2018 129
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
    3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
         (c) Credit risk
              The Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk. It has policies in place to ensure that services are
              provided to customers with an appropriate credit history.

              The extent of the Group’s credit exposure is represented by the aggregate balance of cash and bank balances,
              portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss, investments at amortised cost/held-to-maturity
              investments, derivative financial instruments, restricted bank balances and trade receivables. The credit quality of
              these exposures is disclosed in relevant notes to the consolidated financial statements.

         (d) Liquidity risk
              Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and cash equivalents, the availability of
              funding through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities and the ability to close out market positions.
              The Group aims to maintain flexibility in funding by keeping sufficient cash and cash equivalents and readily
              realisable liquid assets.

              Surplus cash held by the operating entities over and above balance required for working capital management is
              transferred to the Group Treasury. Group Treasury invests surplus cash in interest bearing current accounts, time
              deposits, money market deposits and marketable securities, choosing instruments with appropriate maturities
              or sufficient liquidity to provide sufficient head-room. At the reporting date, the Group held liquid assets of
              US$1,962.7 million (2017: US$2,235.7 million) that are expected to readily generate cash inflows for managing
              liquidity risk.

              The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities and net-settled derivative financial
              liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining period at the balance sheet date to the
              contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.
              Balances due within 12 months equal their carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.



                                                               Less than        Between 1         Between 2               Over
                US$’000                                           1 year       and 2 years       and 5 years            5 years
                At 31st December 2018
                Borrowings                                      641,274            742,784         1,946,885         1,428,287
                Creditors and accruals                          838,185                  –                 –                 –
                Amounts due to joint ventures                     2,441                  –                 –                 –
                Amounts due to fellow subsidiaries                5,843                  –                 –                 –
                Amounts due to related companies                 10,371                  –                 –                 –
                Derivative financial instruments                  5,565                  –                 –                 –


                At 31st December 2017
                Borrowings                                       740,200           609,937         2,044,341          1,692,884
                Other non-current liabilities                          –             1,317             6,026              4,285
                Creditors and accruals                           740,260                 –                 –                  –
                Amounts due to joint ventures                      7,526                 –                 –                  –




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
130 Annual Report 2018
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
  3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
      (e) Cash flow interest rate risk
           The Group’s income and operating cash flows are substantially independent of changes in market interest rates.
           The Group has a policy to place surplus funds with creditable financial institutions which offer the best return for
           the Group on a short-term basis.


           The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk through the impact of rate changes on interest bearing bank
           balances and borrowings.


           At 31st December 2018, if interest rates had been 0.1% higher/lower with all other variables held constant, post-tax
           profit for the year would have been US$1.8 million lower/higher (2017: US$1.8 million lower/higher), mainly as a
           result of higher/lower net interest expense on the net floating rate borrowings.


  3.2 Capital risk management
      The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
      in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital
      structure to reduce the cost of capital.


      In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to equity
      holders, return capital to equity holders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.


      Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is
      calculated as net debt divided by total equity. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings (including “current and non-
      current borrowings” as shown in the consolidated balance sheet) less restricted bank balances, cash and bank balances
      and portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss.


      The gearing ratios at 31st December 2018 and 2017 were as follows:


       US$’000                                                                                         2018               2017
       Total borrowings (note 39)                                                              (4,197,756)          (4,554,183)
       Less:      Restricted bank balances (note 25)                                                 61,122             63,839
                  Cash and bank balances (note 36)                                                 1,584,465         1,940,975
                  Portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss (note 34)              378,257            294,720

       Net debt                                                                                (2,173,912)          (2,254,649)

       Total equity                                                                                4,735,130         4,682,513

       Gearing ratio                                                                                    0.46              0.48


      The change in net debt position results primarily from the profit generated during the year.




                                                                                         Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2018 131
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
    3.3 Fair value estimation
         The financial instruments that are measured in the consolidated balance sheet at fair value, require disclosure of fair
         value measurements by level of the following fair value measurement hierarchy:

         •      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

         •      Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
                (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

         •      Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (level 3).

         The following table presents the Group’s financial assets and liability that are measured at fair value at 31st December
         2018 and 2017.


                                                                                                2018
             US$’000                                                  Level 1            Level 2              Level 3           Total
             Assets
             Portfolio investments at fair value
               through profit or loss
               – Equity securities                                    49,589                   –                   –          49,589
               – Debt securities                                     322,948                   –                   –         322,948
               – Funds and other investments                               –               5,720                   –           5,720
             Investments at fair value through other
               comprehensive income
               – Other investments                                          –                  –              24,422          24,422

             Total assets                                            372,537               5,720              24,422         402,679

             Liability
             Derivative financial instruments                               –              5,565                   –            5,565

             Total liability                                                –              5,565                   –            5,565


                                                                                                2017
             US$’000                                                  Level 1            Level 2              Level 3           Total
             Assets
             Portfolio investments at fair value
               through profit or loss
               – Equity securities                                    35,852                   –                   –          35,852
               – Debt securities                                     252,728                   –                   –         252,728
               – Funds and other investments                               –               6,140                   –           6,140
             Derivative financial instruments                              –               1,825                   –           1,825
             Available-for-sale financial assets
               – Other investments                                          –                  –              45,383           45,383

             Total assets                                            288,580               7,965              45,383         341,928

         There were no transfers among levels 1, 2 and 3 during the year.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
132 Annual Report 2018
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
  3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
     The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the balance sheet
     date. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly available from an exchange, dealer, broker,
     industry group, pricing service, or regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring market
     transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current
     bid price. These instruments are included in level 1. Instruments included in level 1 comprise portfolio investments
     at fair value through profit or loss and listed equity securities classified as investments at fair value through other
     comprehensive income/available-for-sale financial assets.

     The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-the-counter
     derivatives) is determined by using valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable
     market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs required
     to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2. Instruments in level 2 include the
     derivative financial instruments.

     If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3.

     Specific valuation techniques used to value level 2 and 3 financial instruments include:

     •      Dealer quotes.

     •      The fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts is determined using forward exchange rates at the balance
            sheet date, with the resulting value discounted back to present value.

     •      Marketability discount rate derived from management’s judgement is applied to estimate the fair value of unlisted
            equity security classified as investment at fair value through other comprehensive income/available-for-sale
            financial asset.

     There were no changes in valuation techniques during the year.

     Instruments included in level 3 mainly comprise unlisted equity security classified as investments at fair value through
     other comprehensive income/available-for-sale financial assets.

     The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments.


         US$’000                                                                                       2018                   2017
         Opening balance                                                                             45,383                 32,889
         Currency translation adjustments                                                                (6)                     2
         Disposals                                                                                       (1)                     –
         Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                       (23)                     –
         Fair value change recognised in other comprehensive income                                 (20,931)                12,492

         Closing balance                                                                            24,422                  45,383




                                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2018 133
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
    Estimates and judgements used in preparing the consolidated financial statements are continually evaluated and are based on
    historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the
    circumstances.

    The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions
    that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next
    financial year are discussed below.

    (a) Income taxes
         The Group is subject to income tax in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in determining
         the worldwide provision for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
         determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is
         different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income tax and deferred tax
         provisions in the period in which such determination is made.

         Deferred tax liabilities have not been established for income tax and withholding tax that would be payable on certain
         profits of overseas subsidiaries to be repatriated and distributed by way of dividends as the Directors consider that the
         timing of the reversal of the related temporary differences can be controlled or such profits will not be distributed and
         such temporary differences will not be reversed in the foreseeable future (note 23).

         Recognition of deferred tax assets, which principally relate to tax losses, depends on the management’s expectation of
         future taxable profit that will be available against which tax losses can be utilised. The outcome of their actual utilisation
         may be different.

    (b) Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
         Management determines the estimated useful lives and residual values for the Group’s property, plant and equipment
         and intangible assets. Management will revise the depreciation charge where useful lives and residual values are different
         from previously estimated.

         Management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation expenses for the vessels and containers.
         Management estimates useful lives of its vessels and containers by reference to expected usage of the vessels and
         containers, expected repair and maintenance, and technical or commercial obsolescence arising from changes or
         improvements in the market. It could change significantly as a result of the changes of these factors. After the review
         carried out during the year, the estimated useful lives of containers were revised as set out in note 2.3 to the consolidated
         financial statements.

         Were the useful lives of vessels and containers to differ by 10% from management estimates with all other variables
         held constant, it is estimated that depreciation expense would increase or decrease by approximately US$35.8 million
         or US$19.1 million respectively for the period from 1st July 2018 to 31st December 2018 subsequent to the change
         of estimated useful lives of containers (for the year ended 31st December 2017: US$90.0 million or US$53.0 million
         respectively).

         Management determines the residual values for its vessels and containers. This estimate is based on the current
         scrap values of steels in an active market at each measurement date since management decides to dispose of the fully
         depreciated vessels and containers as scrap steels. Depreciation expense would increase where the residual values are less
         than previously estimated values.

         Were the residual values of vessels and containers to differ by 10% from management estimates with all other variables
         held constant, it is estimated that depreciation expense would increase or decrease by approximately US$13.5 million or
         US$11.9 million respectively (2017: US$10.3 million or US$10.6 million respectively).




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
134 Annual Report 2018
                                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (CONTINUED)

  (c) Provision of operating costs
      Operating costs, which mainly comprise cargo cost, vessel and voyage costs, equipment and repositioning costs and
      terminal operating cost. Invoices in relation to these expenses are received several months after the expenses have
      been incurred. Consequently, recognition of accrued operating costs is based on the known services entered, pattern of
      historical cost as well as the estimated vendor tariff.


      If the actual expenses of a voyage differ from the estimated expenses, this will have an impact on operating cost in future
      periods. Historically, the Group has not experienced significant deviation from the actual expenses.


5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

  (a) Revenue

                                                                                                                      Restated
       US$’000                                                                                     2018                   2017

       Container transport and logistics                                                      6,546,964              5,951,518
       Others                                                                                    25,691                 30,158

                                                                                              6,572,655              5,981,676


      The principal activities of the Group are container transport and logistics.


      Revenue comprises gross freight, charter hire, service and other income from the operation of the container transport
      and logistics and rental income from the investment property.


  (b) Segment information
      The principal activities of the Group are container transport and logistics. Container transport and logistics include
      global containerised shipping services in major trade lanes, covering Trans-Pacific, Trans-Atlantic, Asia/Europe, Asia/
      Australia and Intra-Asia trades, and integrated services over the management and control of effective storage and flow
      of goods. In accordance with the Group’s internal financial reporting provided to the chief operating decision-makers,
      who are responsible for allocating resources, assessing performance of the operating segments and making strategic
      decisions, the reportable operating segments are container transport and logistics and others. The executive directors are
      the Group’s chief operating decision makers.




                                                                                      Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2018 135
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

    (b) Segment information (Continued)
         Operating segments

         The segment results for the year ended 31st December 2018 are as follows:



                                                                               Continuing operations

                                                                 Container
                                                                  transport                                         Discontinued
          US$’000                                              and logistics             Others        Sub-total       operation        Total
          Revenue                                                 6,546,964              25,691        6,572,655         131,721    6,704,376

          Revenue from contracts with customers:
             At a point in time                                    571,654                    –         571,654                –     571,654
             Over time                                            5,975,310                   –        5,975,310         131,721    6,107,031

                                                                  6,546,964                   –        6,546,964         131,721    6,678,685
          Revenue from other source:
             Rental income                                                –              25,691          25,691                –      25,691

                                                                  6,546,964              25,691        6,572,655         131,721    6,704,376

          Operating profit                                         195,998               66,937         262,935           36,451     299,386
          Finance costs (note 12)                                  (143,191)                  –        (143,191)          (3,733)   (146,924)
          Share of profits of joint ventures (note 20)                2,953                   –           2,953                –       2,953
          Share of profits of associated companies (note 21)         11,371                   –          11,371                –      11,371

          Profit before taxation                                     67,131              66,937         134,068           32,718     166,786
          Taxation (note 13)                                        (12,396)            (46,224)         (58,620)              –      (58,620)

          Profit for the year                                        54,735              20,713          75,448           32,718     108,166

          Fair value gain from an investment property                     –              39,500          39,500                –      39,500
          Capital expenditure                                      410,346                  554         410,900            2,001     412,901
          Depreciation                                             367,447                    7         367,454           18,168     385,622
          Amortisation                                               18,079                   –          18,079               –       18,079




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
136 Annual Report 2018
                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

  (b) Segment information (Continued)
     Operating segments (Continued)

     The segment results for the year ended 31st December 2017 (restated) are as follows:



                                                                           Continuing operations

                                                             Container
                                                              transport                                          Discontinued
      US$’000                                              and logistics             Others         Sub-total       operation        Total

      Revenue                                                 5,951,518              30,158         5,981,676         126,674    6,108,350

      Revenue from contracts with customers:
         At a point in time                                    514,874                    –           514,874              –       514,874
         Over time                                            5,436,644                   –         5,436,644         126,674    5,563,318

                                                              5,951,518                   –         5,951,518         126,674    6,078,192
      Revenue from other source:
         Rental income                                                –              30,158            30,158              –        30,158

                                                              5,951,518              30,158         5,981,676         126,674    6,108,350

      Operating profit/(loss)                                    92,296             145,859           238,155          (5,985)     232,170
      Finance costs (note 12)                                   (97,418)                  –           (97,418)         (3,797)    (101,215)
      Share of profits of joint ventures (note 20)                5,177                   –             5,177              –         5,177
      Share of profits of associated companies (note 21)         13,957                   –            13,957              –        13,957

      Profit/(loss) before taxation                              14,012             145,859           159,871          (9,782)     150,089
      Taxation (note 13)                                        (16,232)              3,799           (12,433)             –       (12,433)

      Profit/(loss) for the year                                 (2,220)            149,658           147,438          (9,782)     137,656

      Fair value gain from an investment property                     –              43,436            43,436               -       43,436
      Capital expenditure                                      609,610                6,564           616,174           2,516      618,690
      Depreciation                                             398,200                    –           398,200          30,282      428,482
      Amortisation                                               11,342                   –            11,342              –        11,342




                                                                                                   Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2018 137
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
    (b) Segment information (Continued)
         Operating segments (Continued)
         The segment assets and liabilities at 31st December 2018 and 2017 are as follows:


                                                                                             2018


                                                                             Container
                                                                              transport
          US$’000                                                         and logistics          Others                Group
          Segment assets                                                      7,401,147       2,030,887            9,432,034
          Joint ventures                                                            9,418              –                9,418
          Associated companies                                                  139,676                –             139,676

                                                                              7,550,241       2,030,887            9,581,128
          Assets held for sale (note 16)                                        472,732                –             472,732

          Total assets                                                        8,022,973       2,030,887           10,053,860

          Segment liabilities                                                (5,058,132)       (119,550)           (5,177,682)
          Liabilities directly associated with assets
             classified as held for sale (note 16)                             (141,048)               –            (141,048)

          Total liabilities                                                  (5,199,180)       (119,550)           (5,318,730)



                                                                                             2017
                                                                              Container
                                                                              transport
          US$’000                                                          and logistics         Others                Group
          Segment assets                                                      7,404,001       2,499,615             9,903,616
          Joint ventures                                                            16,840             –               16,840
          Associated companies                                                  148,840                –              148,840

          Total assets                                                        7,569,681       2,499,615            10,069,296

          Segment liabilities                                                (5,320,815)        (65,968)           (5,386,783)


         The segment of “Others” primarily includes assets and liabilities of property and corporate level activities. Assets
         under the segment of “Others” consist primarily of investment property, investments at fair value through other
         comprehensive income/available-for-sale financial assets, investments at amortised cost/held-to-maturity investments
         and portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss together with cash and bank balances that are managed
         at the corporate level. Liabilities under the segment of “Others” primarily include creditors and accruals and deferred
         taxation liabilities related to property and corporate level activities.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
138 Annual Report 2018
                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

  (b) Segment information (Continued)
     Geographical information

     The Group’s two reportable operating segments operate in four main geographical areas, even though they are managed
     on a worldwide basis. Freight revenues from container transport and logistics are analysed based on the outbound
     cargoes of each geographical territory.


     The Group’s total assets mainly include container vessels and containers which are primarily utilised across geographical
     markets for shipment of cargoes throughout the world. Accordingly, non-current assets by geographical areas are not
     presented.



                                                                                                                                 Capital
         US$’000                                                                                              Revenue        expenditure
         Year ended 31st December 2018
           Continuing operations
             Asia                                                                                           4,785,888             15,164
             Europe                                                                                            937,060               418
             North America                                                                                     695,916            23,487
             Australia                                                                                         153,791               118
             Unallocated*                                                                                              –         371,713

                                                                                                            6,572,655            410,900
           Discontinued operation
             North America                                                                                     131,721             2,001

                                                                                                            6,704,376            412,901

         Year ended 31st December 2017 (restated)
           Continuing operations
             Asia                                                                                            4,262,323            11,271
             Europe                                                                                            868,912               529
             North America                                                                                     685,509            49,587
             Australia                                                                                         164,932                 –
             Unallocated*                                                                                              –         554,787

                                                                                                             5,981,676           616,174
           Discontinued operation
             North America                                                                                     126,674             2,516

                                                                                                             6,108,350           618,690


     *      Unallocated capital expenditure comprises additions to vessels, dry-docking, containers and intangible assets.




                                                                                                   Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2018 139
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



6. OPERATING COSTS

                                                                       Restated
     US$’000                                                   2018        2017

     Cargo                                                 3,169,113   3,012,894
     Vessel and voyage                                     1,053,866    986,428
     Bunker cost                                            844,390     657,853
     Equipment and repositioning                            777,105     753,053

                                                           5,844,474   5,410,228
     Investment property                                     15,365      15,555

                                                           5,859,839   5,425,783


7. OTHER OPERATING INCOME

                                                                       Restated
     US$’000                                                   2018        2017

     Dividend income from investments at fair value
        through other comprehensive income/
        available-for-sale financial assets                  22,590      21,182
     Interest income from banks                              32,666      24,470
     Interest income from investments at amortised cost/
        held-to-maturity investments                         10,183      11,041
     Income from portfolio investments at fair value
        through profit or loss
        – Interest income                                    13,043      10,954
        – Distribution                                        1,225         606
        – Dividend income                                       990       1,187
     Others                                                   1,824       2,496

                                                             82,521      71,936




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
140 Annual Report 2018
                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



8. OTHER (LOSSES)/GAINS, NET

                                                                                                                   Restated
    US$’000                                                                                      2018                  2017
    Fair value (loss)/gain on portfolio investments at fair value
       through profit or loss (realised and unrealised)                                       (19,500)                4,713
    (Loss)/gain on bunker price derivative contracts                                            (4,718)                 164
    Fair value gain on foreign exchange forward contracts                                         722                 1,883
    Profit on disposal of subsidiaries                                                           3,663                    –
    Profit on partial disposal of a joint venture                                                 896                     –
    Profit on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                        15,289                 1,509
    Loss on disposal of investments at fair value through other comprehensive
       income/available-for-sale financial assets                                                   (1)                (192)
    (Loss)/gain on disposal of investments at amortised cost/
       held-to-maturity investments                                                               (706)               6,296
    Impairment on investments at amortised cost                                                 (1,985)                   –
    Loss on disposal of intangible assets                                                         (657)              (6,690)
    Exchange (loss)/gain                                                                      (14,172)               18,537

                                                                                              (21,169)               26,220


9. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSE

                                                                                                                   Restated
    US$’000                                                                                      2018                  2017
    Wages and salaries                                                                        590,497               545,456


    Pension and retirement benefits
       – Defined contribution plans (note 24)                                                  30,951                28,914
       – Defined benefit plans (note 24)                                                         1,258                1,555

                                                                                              622,706               575,925

    Representing:
       – Continuing operations                                                                497,774               432,618
       – Discontinued operation                                                               124,932               143,307

                                                                                              622,706               575,925


   Employee benefit expenses of US$117.8 million (2017: US$93.3 million) are included in “operating costs” in the consolidated
   profit and loss account.




                                                                                    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2018 141
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



10. DIRECTORS’ AND MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS
    (a) Directors’ emoluments
         The remuneration of each Director is set out below:


                                                                                                Estimated          Employer’s
                                                                                 Salary        money value       contribution
              Name of Director                                                      and           of other       to provident
              US$’000                                            Fees           benefits          benefits *1    fund scheme     Total
              For the year ended
                31st December 2018

              Mr. Xu Lirong*2                                       –                    –                –                 –       –
              Mr. Huang Xiaowen*2                                   –                    –                –                 –       –
              Mr. Wang Haimin*2                                     –                    –                –                 –       –
              Mr. Zhang Wei*2                                       –                    –                –                 –       –
              Mr. Yan Jun*2                                        19                    –                –                 –      19
              Ms. Wang Dan*2                                       13                    –                –                 –      13
              Mr. Ip Sing Chi*2                                    13                    –                –                 –      13
              Ms. Cui Hongqin*2                                    13                    –                –                 –      13
              Dr. Timpson Chung*2                                  27                    –                –                 –      27
              Mr. Philip Yang*2                                    27                    –                –                 –      27
              Ms. Chen Ying*2                                      24                    –                –                 –      24
              Mr. C C Tung*3                                       71                  494               71                49     685
              Prof. Roger King*3                                   40                    –                –                 –      40
              Mr. Philip Chow                                      97                    –                –                 –      97
              Mr. Andrew Tung                                       –                  563               10                56     629
              Mr. Alan Tung*3                                       –                  342                7                34     383
              Mr. Simon Murray*3                                   36                    –                –                 –      36
              Prof. Richard Wong                                   82                    –                –                 –      82
              Mr. Edward Cheng*3                                   36                    –                –                 –      36
              Mr. Clement Kwok*3                                   36                    –                –                 –      36


                                                                                                 Estimated         Employer’s
                                                                                     Salary    money value       contribution
              Name of Director                                                         and         of other       to provident
              US$’000                                            Fees               benefits       benefits *1   fund scheme     Total
              For the year ended
                31s t December 2017

              Mr. C C Tung                                        107                  717              106                71    1,001
              Prof. Roger King                                     60                    –                –                 –       60
              Mr. Philip Chow                                      97                    –                –                 –       97
              Mr. Andrew Tung                                       –                  543               10                54      607
              Mr. Alan Tung                                         –                  437               10                43      490
              Mr. Simon Murray                                     51                    –                –                 –       51
              Prof. Richard Wong                                   85                    –                –                 –       85
              Mr. Edward Cheng                                     51                    –                –                 –       51
              Mr. Clement Kwok                                     51                    –                –                 –       51

         *1
                 Other benefits include car related expenses and club membership.
         *2
                 Appointed on 3rd August 2018.
         *3
                 Resigned on 3rd August 2018.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
142 Annual Report 2018
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



10. DIRECTORS’ AND MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)
  (a) Directors’ emoluments (Continued)
      During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the Directors as an inducement to join or upon
      joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. No Directors of the Company waived or agreed to waive any
      emoluments during the year.

  (b) Five highest paid individuals
      The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year include two (2017: three) Directors
      whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis presented above. The emoluments payable to the remaining three
      individuals (2017: two individuals) are as follows:


       US$’000                                                                                2018                 2017
       Basic salaries, housing allowances, other
         allowances and benefits in kind                                                     1,394                  965
       Discretionary bonuses                                                                   540                    –
       Estimated money value of other benefits                                                  12                   12
       Pension costs – defined contribution plans                                              166                   70

                                                                                             2,112                1,047

      The emoluments of the five individuals fell within the following bands:


                                                                                         Number of individuals

       Emolument bands (US$)                                                                  2018                 2017
       448,701 ~ 512,800               (HK$3,500,001 ~ HK$4,000,000)                             –                    2
       512,801 ~ 576,900               (HK$4,000,001 ~ HK$4,500,000)                             –                    1
       576,901 ~ 641,000               (HK$4,500,001 ~ HK$5,000,000)                             2                    1
       641,001 ~ 705,100               (HK$5,000,001 ~ HK$5,500,000)                             2                    –
       769,201 ~ 833,300               (HK$6,000,001 ~ HK$6,500,000)                             1                    –
       961,501 ~ 1,025,600             (HK$7,500,001 ~ HK$8,000,000)                             –                    1

                                                                                                 5                    5


  (c) Key management compensation


       US$’000                                                                                2018                 2017
       Salaries and other employee benefits                                                  5,348                4,756
       Estimated money value of other benefits                                                 114                  152
       Pension costs – defined contribution plans                                              500                  439

                                                                                             5,962                5,347

      The Group usually determines and pays discretionary bonuses to employees (including Directors) around April/May
      each year based on the actual financial results of the Group for the preceding year. The discretionary bonuses shown
      above represent actual payments to the Directors and individuals during the current financial year in relation to
      performance for the preceding year.




                                                                                 Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2018 143
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



11. OPERATING PROFIT
                                                                                                             Restated
                                                                          2018                                2017
                                                             Continuing          Discontinued     Continuing        Discontinued
     US$’000                                                 operations             operation     operations           operation
     Operating profit is arrived at after crediting:
       Operating lease rental income
         Land and buildings                                        25,691                  –            30,158                  –

     and after charging:
       Depreciation
          Owned assets                                            232,138              14,723          275,374             23,391
          Leased assets                                           135,316               3,445          122,826              6,891
       Operating lease rental expenses
          Vessels and equipment                                   254,099                   –          244,698                  –
          Terminals and berths                                      5,618              56,905            4,803             53,957
          Land and buildings                                       33,462                   –           33,472                  –
       Rental outgoings in respect of an
          investment property                                      15,365                  –            15,555                  –
       Amortisation of intangible assets                           17,843                  –            11,123                  –
       Amortisation of prepayments of lease premiums                  236                  –               219                  –
       Auditors' remuneration
          Audit                                                     2,961                173              2,487               123
          Non-audit                                                 1,355                 46              2,747                23

    Operating lease rental expenses of US$266.8 million and US$26.4 million (2017: US$257.3 million and US$25.7 million)
    respectively are included in “operating costs” and “business and administrative expenses” in the consolidated profit and loss
    account.

    For the year ended 31st December 2017, the non-audit remuneration paid to the Group’s auditor is inclusive of a one-off
    fee in respect of a non-recurring advisory project. Excluding this fee, the total fees paid to the Group’s auditor for non-audit
    services was less than 50% of the amount paid for audit services.

12. FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                                                         Restated
     US$’000                                                                                          2018                  2017
     Interest expense
        Bank loans and bank overdrafts                                                              60,681                 52,319
        Finance lease obligations                                                                   82,636                 52,599

                                                                                                   143,317               104,918
     Amount capitalised under assets                                                                  (126)               (7,500)

     Net interest expense                                                                          143,191                 97,418

    The borrowing costs of the loans to finance the assets under construction (note 17) represent an average capitalisation rate of
    approximately 3.2% (2017: 2.0%) per annum.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
144 Annual Report 2018
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



13. TAXATION

   US$’000                                                                                      2018                  2017
   Current taxation
     Hong Kong profits tax                                                                     2,044                   411
     Overseas taxation                                                                        14,785                15,318

                                                                                              16,829                15,729

   Deferred taxation
     Hong Kong profits tax                                                                      (174)                  359
     Overseas taxation                                                                        41,965                (3,655)

                                                                                              41,791                (3,296)

                                                                                              58,620                12,433

  Taxation has been provided at the appropriate tax rates prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates on the
  estimated assessable profits for the year. These rates range from 10% to 46% (2017: 13% to 46%) and the rate applicable for
  Hong Kong profits tax is 16.5% (2017: 16.5%).

  The associated companies in the PRC enjoy preferential tax treatment.

  The tax of the Group’s profit before taxation differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the applicable tax
  rates, being the weighted average of rates prevailing in the territories in which the Group operates, as follows:


                                                                                                                  Restated
   US$’000                                                                                      2018                 2017
   Profit before taxation                                                                    134,068               159,871
   Share of profits of joint ventures                                                         (2,953)               (5,177)
   Share of profits of associated companies                                                  (11,371)              (13,957)

                                                                                             119,744               140,737

   Tax calculated at applicable tax rates                                                     21,129                38,054
   Income not subject to tax                                                                (293,893)             (284,335)
   Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                  300,502               278,050
   Tax losses not recognised                                                                   2,872                 2,849
   Temporary differences not recognised                                                          355                   935
   Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                            (686)               (1,359)
   Utilisation of previously unrecognised temporary differences                                 (642)                 (946)
   Recognition of previously unrecognised temporary differences                                    –                 1,601
   Withholding tax                                                                            14,741                 1,571
   Change in tax rates                                                                          (460)              (22,876)
   Other items                                                                                14,702                (1,111)

                                                                                              58,620                12,433




                                                                                   Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2018 145
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



14. EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER ORDINARY SHARE
    The calculation of basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per ordinary share is based on the Group’s profit/(loss) attributable to
    equity holders of the Company divided by the number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.


    The basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per ordinary share are the same since there are no potential dilutive shares.



                                                                                                                          Restated
     US$’000                                                                                          2018                   2017

     Number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                                               625,793                 625,793

     Group's profit from continuing operations attributable
        to equity holders of the Company                                                            75,448                147,438

     Earnings per share from continuing operations attributable
        to equity holders of the Company (US cents)                                                   12.1                    23.6

     Group's profit/(loss) from discontinued operation attributable
        to equity holders of the Company                                                            32,718                  (9,782)

     Earnings/(loss) per share from discontinued operation attributable
        to equity holders of the Company (US cents)                                                    5.2                    (1.6)


15. DIVIDENDS

     US$’000                                                                                          2018                   2017

     Interim paid: nil (2017: US2.14 cents) per ordinary share                                           –                 13,388


    The Board of Directors proposes a final dividend in respect of 2018 of US7.7 cents (2017: nil) per ordinary share. The
    proposed dividend will be accounted for as an appropriation of retained profit in the year ending 31st December 2019.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
146 Annual Report 2018
                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



16. DISCONTINUED OPERATION
  Analysis of the results, cash flows and assets and liabilities of the U.S. Terminal Business is as follows:


  (a) Discontinued operation
       (i) Results

              US$’000                                                                                               2018                      2017
              Revenue                                                                                           131,721                   126,674
              Operating costs                                                                                   (67,029)                 (105,655)

              Gross profit                                                                                       64,692                     21,019
              Other operating income                                                                                560                        146
              Business and administrative expenses                                                              (28,394)                   (27,969)
              Other (losses)/gains, net                                                                            (407)                       819

              Operating profit/(loss)                                                                            36,451                     (5,985)
              Finance costs                                                                                      (3,733)                    (3,797)

              Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                         32,718                     (9,782)


            Note:


            The Directors have reassessed the presentation and consider it is more appropriate to reflect only the revenue and the results arising from
            transactions with third parties under the discontinued operation and the inter-company profits are under continuing operations.


       (ii) Cash flows

              US$’000                                                                                               2018                      2017
              Operating cash flows                                                                               32,035                     46,998
              Investing cash flows                                                                                1,569                       (832)
              Financing cash flows                                                                              (15,625)                   (15,420)

              Total cash flows                                                                                   17,979                     30,746




                                                                                                    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2018 147
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



16. DISCONTINUED OPERATION (CONTINUED)
    (b) Assets held for sale

          US$’000                                                                                                                                2018
          ASSETS
          Non-current asset
          Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                      371,547

          Current assets
          Inventories                                                                                                                           5,360
          Debtors and prepayments                                                                                                              34,711
          Amount due from immediate holding company                                                                                               401
          Amount due from a fellow subsidiary                                                                                                   7,381
          Cash and bank balances                                                                                                               53,733

                                                                                                                                             101,586

          Total assets (before intra-group elimination)                                                                                      473,133
          Less: Intra-group elimination                                                                                                         (401)

          Total assets                                                                                                                       472,732


    (c) Liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale

          US$’000                                                                                                                                2018
          LIABILITIES
          Non-current liabilities
          Borrowings                                                                                                                           91,822
          Other non-current liabilities                                                                                                        10,513

                                                                                                                                             102,335

          Current liabilities
          Creditors and accruals                                                                                                               22,730
          Amount due to an intermediate holding company                                                                                        34,908
          Amounts due to fellow subsidiaries                                                                                                   32,620
          Borrowings                                                                                                                           15,778

                                                                                                                                             106,036

          Total liabilities (before intra-group elimination)                                                                                 208,371
          Less: Intra-group elimination                                                                                                      (67,323)

          Total liabilities                                                                                                                  141,048

         Note:

         Assets held for sale and liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale above are presented before elimination of intra-group balances
         of US$0.4 million and US$67.3 million respectively. The aggregate net book amount of assets pledged as securities for loans and finance lease
         amounted to US$137.1 million.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
148 Annual Report 2018
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



16. DISCONTINUED OPERATION (CONTINUED)

  (d) Operating lease commitments
     The Group entered into the Preferential Assignment Agreement (the “Agreement”) with the City of Long Beach
     (“COLB”) for the use of the Middle Harbor Terminal (the “Terminal”) in Long Beach, California USA on 30th April
     2012. The term of the Agreement is 40 years commencing on 1st July 2011. As of 31st December 2018, the Group signed
     several Amendments to Preferential Assignment Agreement (the “Amendment”) with COLB, which has amended
     certain terms within Agreement and has altered the expected guaranteed minimum annual compensation to be made for
     the relevant period of the lease term.


     The guaranteed minimum annual compensation is computed based on the guaranteed minimum annual compensation
     per acreage (ranging from US$180,000 to US$270,000 in the first 5 years of the lease) multiplied by the number of
     acreages of the Terminal delivered, which is subject to mutual agreement between the Group and COLB along the
     Terminal construction and based on the milestones set out in the Agreement. The construction is expected to be
     completed by early 2021 and the estimated number of acreages of the Terminal upon completion is estimated to be
     approximately 304.7 acreages. As of 31st December 2018, the acreages of the Terminal used to determine the rental is
     193.0 acreages (2017: 193.0 acreages). The Group and COLB renegotiate the guaranteed minimum annual compensation
     per acre every 5 years which will not be less than the highest guaranteed minimum annual compensation in the previous
     5 years.


  (e) Capital commitments – Property, plant and equipment

      US$’000                                                                                2018                  2017

      Contracted but not provided for                                                        6,362               17,268




                                                                                 Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2018 149
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



17. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                       Container                                                 Freehold
                                                       vessels and                                Terminal       land and                 Leasehold     Vehicles,
                                                       capitalised       Assets    Containers    equipment      buildings    Buildings improvement     computer
                                                      dry-docking        under           and           and        outside      outside         and     and other
     US$’000                                                 costs construction       chassis improvement      Hong Kong    Hong Kong     furniture    equipment         Total

     Cost
       At 31st December 2017                            5,729,447       172,882     2,356,667      500,095          7,175       49,541       60,134      160,398     9,036,339
       Currency translation adjustments                         –             –           (49)            –           10        (2,323)      (1,593)       (1,685)      (5,640)
       Government grants                                        –             –            –         (2,817)           –            –             –            –        (2,817)
       Additions                                           30,794        54,532       301,646         1,148            3            –         4,632       17,922       410,677
       Reclassification                                   163,520      (170,155)           –          6,635            –            –             –            –             –
       Classified as assets held for sale (note 16)             –       (32,723)           –       (414,814)           –            –        (1,635)           –      (449,172)
       Disposals                                          (28,575)           –        (80,678)       (8,053)           –            –        (4,165)      (27,691)    (149,162)
       Disposal of subsidiaries                                 –            –             –             –             –            –          (216)        (280)        (496)

       At 31st December 2018                            5,895,186        24,536     2,577,586       82,194          7,188      47,218        57,157      148,664     8,839,729

     Accumulated depreciation
       At 31st December 2017                            1,415,252             –     1,060,319      117,774          3,150       19,916       47,652      120,819     2,784,882
       Currency translation adjustments                         –             –           (39)            –            7         (681)       (1,406)       (1,380)      (3,499)
       Charge for the year                                232,265             –       108,048       22,058            77         1,435        5,376       16,363       385,622
       Classified as assets held for sale (note 16)             –            –             –        (76,995)           –            –          (630)           –       (77,625)
       Disposals                                          (28,206)           –        (62,006)       (7,453)           –            –        (4,060)      (27,570)    (129,295)
       Disposal of subsidiaries                                 –            –             –             –             –            –          (216)        (197)        (413)

       At 31st December 2018                            1,619,311             –     1,106,322       55,384          3,234      20,670        46,716      108,035     2,959,672

     Net book amount
       At 31st December 2018                            4,275,875        24,536     1,471,264       26,810          3,954      26,548        10,441       40,629     5,880,057

       At 31st December 2017                            4,314,195       172,882     1,296,348      382,321          4,025       29,625       12,482       39,579     6,251,457

     Net book amount of leased assets
       At 31st December 2018                            2,605,709             –       100,437             –            –            –             –            –     2,706,146

       At 31st December 2017                            2,549,229             –       109,391       91,301             –            –             –          761     2,750,682




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
150 Annual Report 2018
                                                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



17. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

                                          Container                                                Freehold
                                         vessels and                                 Terminal      land and                  Leasehold       Vehicles,
                                          capitalised         Assets   Containers   equipment     buildings     Buildings improvement       computer
                                        dry-docking           under          and          and        outside      outside          and      and other
   US$’000                                      costs   construction      chassis improvement    Hong Kong     Hong Kong      furniture    equipment            Total
   Cost
     At 31st December 2016                 4,970,230        727,511     2,196,392     482,066         7,005        46,701        59,237       145,574       8,634,716
     Currency translation adjustments              –              –            61           –           170         2,813         1,902         1,890           6,836
     Additions                                18,091        340,505       227,934       2,054             –            27         1,170        15,471         605,252
     Reclassification                        810,893       (895,134)            –      84,241             –             –             –             –               –
     Disposals                               (69,767)             –       (67,720)    (68,266)            –             –        (2,175)       (2,537)       (210,465)

     At 31st December 2017                 5,729,447        172,882     2,356,667     500,095         7,175        49,541        60,134       160,398       9,036,339

   Accumulated depreciation
     At 31st December 2016                 1,268,761              –      970,062      150,841         2,948        17,026        41,390       107,015       2,558,043
     Currency translation adjustments              –              –           46            –           127         1,048         1,568         1,461           4,250
     Charge for the year                     216,106              –      154,002       34,939            75         1,842         6,792        14,726         428,482
     Disposals                               (69,615)             –      (63,791)     (68,006)            –             –        (2,098)       (2,383)       (205,893)

     At 31st December 2017                 1,415,252              –     1,060,319     117,774         3,150        19,916        47,652       120,819       2,784,882

   Net book amount
     At 31st December 2017                 4,314,195        172,882     1,296,348     382,321         4,025        29,625        12,482        39,579       6,251,457

     At 31st December 2016                 3,701,469        727,511     1,226,330     331,225         4,057        29,675        17,847        38,559       6,076,673

   Net book amount of leased assets
     At 31st December 2017                 2,549,229              –      109,391       91,301             –            –             –            761       2,750,682

     At 31st December 2016                 1,890,435              –      120,513       98,192             –            –             –            980       2,110,120


  (a) The aggregate net book amount of assets pledged as security for bank loans amounts to US$2,418.2 million (2017:
      US$2,597.8 million). Specific charges on vessels of the Group include legal mortgages and assignments of insurance
      claims and charter hire income relating to these vessels.

  (b) Interest costs of US$0.1 million (2017: US$7.5 million) during the year were capitalised as part of assets under
      construction.

  (c) Depreciation charge of US$347.0 million (2017: US$377.2 million) for the year has been expensed in “operating costs”
      and US$20.5 million (2017: US$21.0 million) in “business and administrative expenses”.

  (d) As at 31st December 2018 and 2017, the buildings outside Hong Kong are held under medium-term leasehold land.

  (e) Government grants of US$2.8 million received during the year relating to the purchase of terminal equipment and
      improvement are recognised as a deduction from the carrying amount of the related assets (2017: nil).

  Property, plant and equipment include the following amounts where the Group is a lessee under finance leases:


   US$’000                                                                                                                      2018                         2017
   Cost – capitalised finance leases                                                                                        3,527,791                    3,456,987
   Accumulated depreciation                                                                                                  (821,645)                    (706,305)

   Net book amount                                                                                                          2,706,146                    2,750,682

  The Group leases various container vessels, containers, terminal equipment and other equipment under non-cancellable
  finance lease agreements for both years. The lease terms are between 5 and 25 years.



                                                                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2018 151
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



18. INVESTMENT PROPERTY

     US$’000                                                                                           2018               2017
     Balance at beginning of year                                                                   270,000            220,000
     Additions                                                                                           500              6,564

                                                                                                    270,500            226,564
     Fair value gain                                                                                 39,500              43,436

     Balance at end of year                                                                         310,000            270,000


    Background and valuation processes of the Group
    The investment property, “Wall Street Plaza”, is a commercial property located at 88, Pine Street, New York, USA. The
    property is situated on three parcels of freehold land, all of which are wholly owned by the Group.


    Valuation processes of the Group
    The Group’s investment property was valued at 31st December 2018 by an independent professionally qualified valuer who
    holds a recognised relevant professional qualification. The Group’s finance department reviews the valuation performed by
    the independent valuer for financial reporting purposes. This team reports directly to the Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”).
    Discussions of valuation processes and results are held between the CFO, the finance team and the valuer. As at 31st
    December 2018, the fair value of the property has been determined by Cushman & Wakefield, Inc.


    Valuation techniques
    Fair value of the investment property is derived by using the discounted cash flow method. The net present value of the
    income stream is estimated by applying an appropriate discount rate which reflects the risk profile.


    There were no changes to the valuation techniques during the year.


    Information about fair value measurement using significant unobservable inputs
    Discount rate is estimated by Cushman & Wakefield, Inc. based on the risk profile of the property being valued. If the
    discount rate is higher, the fair value would be lower. At 31st December 2018, discount rate of 7.0% per annum (2017: 7.3%
    per annum) is used in the valuation.


    Net operating income growth rates of 3% per annum (2017: 3% per annum) for the second and third years and 3% per
    annum (2017: 3% per annum) for the remaining years are used in the valuation. If the growth rate is higher, the fair value
    would be higher.


    Prevailing market rents are estimated based on recent lettings of US$52 per sq ft to US$56 per sq ft (2017: US$50 per sq ft to
    US$53 per sq ft), within the subject property. If the rents are higher, the fair value would be higher.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
152 Annual Report 2018
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



19. PREPAYMENTS OF LEASE PREMIUMS
  The Group’s interests in leasehold land and land use rights represent prepaid operating lease payments for leases between 27
  and 41 years and their net book values are analysed as follows:



   US$’000                                                                                            2018              2017

   Balance at beginning of year                                                                       7,972            7,818
   Currency translation adjustments                                                                   (284)              373
   Amortisation                                                                                       (236)             (219)

   Balance at end of year                                                                             7,452            7,972


  Amortisation of US$0.2 million (2017: US$0.2 million) is included in “business and administrative expenses” in the
  consolidated profit and loss account.


20. JOINT VENTURES

   US$’000                                                                                            2018              2017

   Share of net assets                                                                                8,940           10,833


  The Group’s share of assets, liabilities and results of the joint ventures are summarised below:



   US$’000                                                                                            2018              2017

   Non-current assets                                                                                 1,083            1,246
   Current assets                                                                                     9,604           14,488
   Current liabilities                                                                               (1,747)          (4,901)

   Share of net assets                                                                                8,940           10,833

   Income                                                                                            14,599           15,579
   Expenses                                                                                      (11,646)            (10,402)

   Share of profits of joint ventures                                                                 2,953            5,177

   Share of total comprehensive income of joint ventures                                              2,575            5,655


  Particulars of the joint ventures at 31st December 2018 are shown on page 183.




                                                                                       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2018 153
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



21. ASSOCIATED COMPANIES

     US$’000                                                                                         2018                  2017
     Share of net assets                                                                          139,676               148,840


    The Group’s share of assets, liabilities and results of the associated companies are summarised as follows:



     US$’000                                                                                         2018                  2017
     Non-current assets                                                                           131,191               144,699
     Current assets                                                                                 12,155               14,197
     Non-current liabilities                                                                          (132)                 (69)
     Current liabilities                                                                            (3,538)              (9,987)

     Share of net assets                                                                          139,676               148,840

     Income                                                                                         39,516               39,467
     Expenses                                                                                      (28,145)             (25,510)

     Share of profits of associated companies                                                       11,371               13,957

     Share of total comprehensive income of associated companies                                     5,000               22,462


    Particulars of the associated companies at 31st December 2018 are shown on page 183.


22. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                                                     Computer
     US$’000                                                                                                      software costs
     At 1st January 2017
        Cost                                                                                                            180,878
        Accumulated amortisation                                                                                       (120,735)

        Net book amount                                                                                                  60,143

     Year ended 31st December 2017
        Opening net book amount                                                                                          60,143
        Additions                                                                                                         6,874
        Disposals                                                                                                        (6,690)
        Amortisation                                                                                                    (11,123)

        Closing net book amount                                                                                          49,204

     At 31st December 2017
        Cost                                                                                                            145,389
        Accumulated amortisation                                                                                        (96,185)

        Net book amount                                                                                                  49,204




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
154 Annual Report 2018
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



22. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                    Computer
    US$’000                                                                                                     software costs
    Year ended 31st December 2018
       Opening net book amount                                                                                          49,204
       Additions                                                                                                          1,724
       Disposals                                                                                                           (657)
       Amortisation                                                                                                    (17,843)

       Closing net book amount                                                                                          32,428

    At 31st December 2018
       Cost                                                                                                            146,452
       Accumulated amortisation                                                                                       (114,024)

       Net book amount                                                                                                  32,428


   Computer software costs mainly comprise internally generated capitalised software development costs.


   Amortisation of US$17.8 million (2017: US$11.1 million) is included in “business and administrative expenses” in the
   consolidated profit and loss account.


   The Group had written-off fully amortised intangible assets of US$719 (2017: US$35.7 million) during the year.


23. DEFERRED TAXATION ASSETS/(LIABILITIES)

    US$’000                                                                                         2018                  2017
    Deferred taxation assets                                                                        1,233                 1,476
    Deferred taxation liabilities                                                               (106,827)               (65,221)

                                                                                                (105,594)               (63,745)


   Deferred taxation assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legal right to set off current taxation assets with current
   taxation liabilities and when the deferred taxation relates to the same taxation authority. The above assets/(liabilities)
   shown in the consolidated balance sheet are determined after appropriate offsetting of the relevant amounts and include the
   following:



    US$’000                                                                                         2018                  2017
    Deferred taxation assets to be recovered after more than twelve months                           299                    723

    Deferred taxation liabilities to be settled after more than twelve months                   (106,820)               (65,006)




                                                                                       Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2018 155
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



23. DEFERRED TAXATION ASSETS/(LIABILITIES) (CONTINUED)
    Deferred taxation is calculated in full on temporary differences under the liability method using applicable tax rates
    prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates. The movements in deferred taxation assets and liabilities (prior to
    offsetting of balances within the same taxation jurisdiction) during the year were as follows:


                                                             Accelerated
                                                             accounting              Revenue             Tax
     US$’000                                                depreciation          expenditure          losses           Total
     Deferred taxation assets

     At 31st December 2016                                            548               6,899          3,207           10,654
     Currency translation adjustments                                   7                  63              –               70
     (Charged)/credited to consolidated profit
       and loss account                                               134              (3,043)         1,088           (1,821)

     At 31st December 2017                                            689               3,919          4,295            8,903
     Currency translation adjustments                                 (51)                (74)            (9)            (134)
     (Charged)/credited to consolidated profit
       and loss account                                              (120)               (478)           375             (223)

     At 31st December 2018                                            518               3,367          4,661            8,546


                                                                                                Undistributed
                                                  Accelerated      Revaluation                     profits of
                                                          tax    of investment         Revenue   subsidiaries
     US$’000                                     depreciation         property      expenditure and affiliates          Total
     Deferred taxation liabilities

     At 31st December 2016                               382            69,229            6,109          2,044         77,764
     (Credited)/charged to consolidated
       profit and loss account                          1,296           (9,167)           2,477           278          (5,116)

     At 31st December 2017                              1,678           60,062            8,586          2,322         72,648
     Currency translation adjustments                     (76)               –                –              –            (76)
     Charged/(credited) to consolidated
       profit and loss account                           164            27,573             (234)        14,065         41,568

     At 31st December 2018                             1,766           87,635             8,352        16,387        114,140

    Deferred taxation assets of US$33.6 million (2017: US$31.6 million) arising from unused tax losses of US$159.0 million
    (2017: US$146.8 million) have not been recognised in the consolidated financial statements. Unused tax losses of US$113.1
    million (2017: US$101.6 million) have no expiry date and the remaining balance will expire at various dates up to and
    including 2038.

    Deferred taxation liabilities of US$106.4 million (2017: US$102.0 million) on temporary differences associated with
    investments in subsidiaries of US$439.3 million (2017: US$430.4 million) have not been recognised as there is no current
    intention of remitting the retained profit of these subsidiaries to the holding companies in the foreseeable future.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
156 Annual Report 2018
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



24. PENSION AND RETIREMENT BENEFITS
  The Group operates a number of defined benefit and defined contribution pension and retirement schemes in the main
  countries in which the Group operates. The total charges to the consolidated profit and loss account for the year were
  US$32.2 million (2017: US$30.5 million).

  Defined contribution schemes
  The principal defined contribution schemes are operated in Hong Kong, the PRC and the USA. These schemes cover
  approximately 79% of the Group’s employees. Contributions to the defined contribution schemes, all the assets of which are
  held in trust funds separate from the Group, are based on a percentage of an employee’s salary, depending upon the length of
  service of the employee, but the Group’s contributions to certain schemes may be reduced by contributions forfeited by those
  employees who leave the schemes prior to vesting fully in those contributions.

  In 2008, the Group terminated the defined benefit scheme and post-retirement medical plans in the USA at the request of
  the labour unions. All the pension assets and obligations were transferred to a defined benefit multi-employer pension plan
  and a defined benefit multi-employer post-retirement medical plan (the “Plans”) together with other industry players. Since
  the Group is not able to identify its share of the underlying financial position and performance of the Plans with sufficient
  reliability for accounting purposes, accordingly the Plans are accounted for by the Group as defined contribution plans.

  The charges for the defined contribution schemes to the consolidated profit and loss account during the year are as follows:


   US$’000                                                                                        2018                  2017
   Contributions to the schemes                                                                 31,022                29,006
   Forfeitures utilised                                                                            (71)                  (92)

                                                                                                30,951                28,914


  Defined benefit schemes
  The amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet are as follows:


   US$’000                                                                                        2018                  2017
   Funded scheme assets                                                                               –                  243

   Funded scheme liabilities                                                                     (3,200)                    –
   Unfunded scheme liabilities                                                                        –                   (38)

                                                                                                 (3,200)                  (38)

   Net scheme (liabilities)/assets                                                               (3,200)                 205

  Net funded scheme (liabilities)/assets
  The principal defined benefit scheme is operated in the United Kingdom which was valued by Barnett Waddingham LLP.
  The defined benefit scheme (the “Scheme”) cover less than 1% of the Group’s employees and are funded. The assets of the
  Scheme are held in trust funds separate from the Group. Contributions to the Scheme are assessed in accordance with the
  advice of qualified actuaries in compliance with local practice and regulations. The actuarial assumptions used to calculate
  the projected benefit obligations of the Group’s pension schemes vary according to the economic conditions of the countries
  in which they are situated.




                                                                                     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2018 157
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



24. PENSION AND RETIREMENT BENEFITS (CONTINUED)
    Defined benefit schemes (Continued)
    Net funded scheme (liabilities)/assets (Continued)
    The net scheme assets of the Scheme recognised in the consolidated balance sheet are determined as follows:



     US$’000                                                                                          2018           2017
     Fair value of plan assets                                                                     190,210        220,490
     Present value of funded obligations                                                           (193,410)      (220,247)

     (Deficit)/surplus of funded plan                                                                (3,200)          243


    Movements in the fair value of the plan assets of the Scheme during the year are as follows:



     US$’000                                                                                          2018           2017
     Balance at beginning of year                                                                  220,490        200,690
     Currency translation adjustments                                                               (13,384)       19,116
     Interest income on plan assets                                                                   5,326          5,420
     Remeasurement (loss)/gain on assets                                                            (13,261)         6,781
     Contributions from the Group                                                                     2,887          3,074
     Contributions from the plan members                                                               105             94
     Benefits paid                                                                                  (11,953)       (14,685)

     Balance at end of year                                                                        190,210        220,490


    Movements in the present value of obligations of the Scheme during the year are as follows:



     US$’000                                                                                          2018           2017
     Balance at beginning of year                                                                  220,247        212,472
     Currency translation adjustments                                                               (13,419)       20,272
     Current service cost                                                                             1,290          1,251
     Interest expense                                                                                 5,294          5,724
     Experience losses/(gains) on liabilities                                                           65          (2,233)
     Gains from changes to demographic assumptions                                                   (1,384)        (5,293)
     (Gains)/losses from changes to financial assumptions                                            (6,835)         2,645
     Contributions from the plan members                                                               105             94
     Benefits paid                                                                                  (11,953)       (14,685)

     Balance at end of year                                                                        193,410        220,247




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
158 Annual Report 2018
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



24. PENSION AND RETIREMENT BENEFITS (CONTINUED)
  Defined benefit schemes (Continued)
  Net funded scheme (liabilities)/assets (Continued)
  The charges of the Scheme recognised in the consolidated profit and loss account are as follows:


   US$’000                                                                                           2018               2017
   Current service cost                                                                          1,290                 1,251
   Interest expense                                                                              5,294                 5,724
   Interest income on plan assets                                                               (5,326)               (5,420)

   Net expense recognised for the year                                                           1,258                 1,555

  Charges of US$1.3 million (2017: US$1.6 million) were included in “business and administrative expenses ” in the
  consolidated profit and loss account.

  The main actuarial assumptions made for the Scheme were as follows:


                                                                                                     2018               2017
   Discount rate                                                                                     2.8%              2.5%
   Inflation rate                                                                                    3.5%              3.4%
   Expected future salary increases                                                                  3.5%              3.4%
   Expected future pension increases                                                                 2.6%              2.6%

   Actual return on plan assets (US$’000)                                                       (7,935)               12,201

  At 31st December 2018, if discount rate had been 0.2% higher/lower, with all other variables held constant, the fair value of
  the funded obligations would have been US$4.9 million lower/US$5.2 million higher. At 31st December 2018, if inflation rate
  had been 0.1% higher/lower, with all other variables held constant, the fair value of the funded obligations would have been
  US$1.7 million higher/US$0.9 million lower. The sensitivities show the likely effect of a single assumption being adjusted
  while holding all other assumptions constant.

  Plan assets of the Scheme comprise the following:


   US$’000                                                            2018                                  2017
   Equity                                                      60,240               32%               39,041            18%
   Debt                                                       118,333               62%              159,205            72%
   Others                                                      11,637                6%               22,244            10%

                                                              190,210              100%              220,490           100%

  Expected normal and deficit reduction contributions to the Scheme for the year ending 31st December 2019 is US$2.9
  million.




                                                                                     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2018 159
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



24. PENSION AND RETIREMENT BENEFITS (CONTINUED)
    Defined benefit schemes (Continued)
    Net funded scheme (liabilities)/assets (Continued)
    Through its defined benefit pension plans, the Group is exposed to a number of risks as follows:

    •      Investment risk. The Scheme holds investments in asset classes, such as equities, which have volatile market values and
           while these assets are expected to provide real returns over the long-term, the short-term volatility can cause additional
           funding to be required if deficit emerges.

    •      Interest rate and market risk. The Scheme’s liabilities are assessed using market yields on high quality corporate bonds
           to discount the liabilities. As the Scheme holds assets such as equities, the value of the assets and liabilities may not
           move in the same way.

    •      Inflation risk. A significant proportion of the benefits under the Scheme are linked to inflation. Although the Scheme’s
           assets are expected to provide a good hedge against inflation over the long term, movements over the short-term could
           lead to deficits emerging.

    •      Longevity and other demographic risk. If members live longer than assumed, a deficit will emerge in the Scheme.

25. RESTRICTED BANK BALANCES

        US$’000                                                                                        2018                  2017
        Non-current                                                                                  58,001                 60,414
        Current                                                                                       3,121                  3,425

        Restricted bank balances                                                                     61,122                 63,839


    As at 31st December 2018, the restricted bank balances of US$61.1 million (2017: US$63.8 million) are funds pledged as
    securities for banking facilities or required to be utilised for specific purposes.

    The carrying amounts of the Group’s restricted bank balances are mainly denominated in US dollar (2017: US dollar).

    The credit quality of restricted bank balances by reference to Standard & Poor’s, and/or Moody’s credit ratings is as follows:


        US$’000                                                                                        2018                  2017
        AA                                                                                            1,522                  1,709
        A                                                                                            59,595                 62,128
        BBB                                                                                               5                      2

                                                                                                     61,122                 63,839




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
160 Annual Report 2018
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



26. INVESTMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/
    AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE FINANCIAL ASSETS

   US$’000                                                                                        2018                  2017
   Balance at beginning of year                                                                 45,383                93,148
   Currency translation adjustments                                                                 (6)                    2
   Disposals                                                                                        (1)              (60,259)
   Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                        (23)                    –
   Change in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income                               (20,931)               12,492

   Balance at end of year                                                                       24,422                45,383


  Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income/available-for-sale financial assets include the following:


   US$’000                                                                                        2018                  2017
   Unlisted equity security                                                                     23,100                44,200
   Others                                                                                        1,322                 1,183

                                                                                                24,422                45,383


  The carrying amounts of the Group’s investments at fair value through other comprehensive income/available-for-sale
  financial assets are denominated in the following currencies:


   US$’000                                                                                        2018                  2017
   Renminbi                                                                                     23,129                44,231
   Hong Kong dollar                                                                              1,166                   999
   Other currencies                                                                                127                   153

                                                                                                24,422                45,383


27. INVESTMENTS AT AMORTISED COST/HELD-TO-MATURITY INVESTMENTS

   US$’000                                                                                        2018                  2017
   Listed debt securities
      Hong Kong                                                                                108,796               129,043
      Overseas                                                                                 114,163               105,886

                                                                                               222,959               234,929
   Less: Current portion included in current assets                                            (33,568)              (17,040)

                                                                                               189,391               217,889

   Market value                                                                                223,530               242,672




                                                                                     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2018 161
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



27. INVESTMENTS AT AMORTISED COST/HELD-TO-MATURITY INVESTMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    Movements in investments at amortised cost/held-to-maturity investments are as follows:


     US$’000                                                                                      2018                  2017
     Balance at beginning of year                                                              234,929               236,917
     Adjustment on adoption of HKFRS 9                                                            (275)                    –

     Restated balance at beginning of year                                                     234,654               236,917
     Currency translation adjustments                                                                –                 2,317
     Additions                                                                                  45,576                78,627
     Disposals                                                                                 (38,143)              (40,611)
     Redemptions on maturity                                                                   (17,000)              (41,881)
     Amortisation                                                                                 (143)                 (440)
     Impairment                                                                                 (1,985)                    –

     Balance at end of year                                                                    222,959               234,929

    The carrying amounts of investments at amortised cost/held-to-maturity investments are mainly denominated in US dollar
    (2017: US dollar).

    The credit quality of investments at amortised cost/held-to-maturity investments by reference to Standard & Poor’s and/or
    Moody’s credit ratings is as follows:


     US$’000                                                                                      2018                  2017
     AAA                                                                                         1,982                 8,011
     AA                                                                                          6,240                 6,292
     A                                                                                          82,621                70,651
     BBB                                                                                        71,717                82,710
     Non-ranking                                                                                60,399                67,265

                                                                                               222,959               234,929

    The maximum exposure to credit risk at the balance sheet date is the carrying amount of investments at amortised cost/held-
    to-maturity investments.

28. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

     US$’000                                                                                      2018                  2017
     Deposit for container purchase                                                             83,938                20,965
     Other deposit                                                                               9,590                 7,440
     Others                                                                                     10,483                12,458

                                                                                               104,011                40,863

29. INVENTORIES

     US$’000                                                                                      2018                  2017
     Bunker                                                                                    106,835                87,698
     Consumable stores                                                                          12,875                14,459

                                                                                               119,710               102,157




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
162 Annual Report 2018
                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



30. DEBTORS AND PREPAYMENTS

    US$’000                                                                                            2018               2017
    Trade receivables                                                                               379,067            399,673
    Less: provision for impairment                                                                  (29,525)           (16,061)

    Trade receivables – net                                                                         349,542            383,612
    Other debtors                                                                                   122,299             86,291
    Other prepayments                                                                               148,493            107,756
    Utility and other deposits                                                                       13,895             12,277

                                                                                                    634,229            589,936


  The credit quality of trade receivables net of provision for impairment, by reference to Standard & Poor’s and/or Moody’s
  credit ratings (if available) or to historical information about counterparty default rates is as follows:


    US$’000                                                                                            2018               2017
    Counterparties with external credit rating
    A                                                                                                18,310             16,627
    BBB                                                                                               6,598              7,384
    BB                                                                                                4,967                163

                                                                                                     29,875             24,174

    Counterparties without external credit rating
    Group 1                                                                                          17,221             18,035
    Group 2                                                                                         301,234            341,178
    Group 3                                                                                           1,212                225

                                                                                                    319,667            359,438

                                                                                                    349,542            383,612


  Notes :


  Group 1 – new customers (less than 6 months).


  Group 2 – existing customers (more than 6 months) with no defaults in the past.


  Group 3 – existing customers (more than 6 months) with some defaults in the past.


  Trade receivables are normally due for payment on presentation of invoices or granted with an approved credit period
  ranging mainly from 10 to 30 days. Debtors with overdue balances are requested to settle all outstanding balances before any
  further credit is granted.




                                                                                         Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2018 163
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



30. DEBTORS AND PREPAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
    The ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables, net of provision for impairment, prepared in accordance with the dates
    of invoices (2017: due dates of invoices), is as follows:


     US$’000                                                                                        2018                  2017
     Below one month                                                                             269,210               344,374
     Two to three months                                                                          67,182                27,608
     Four to six months                                                                            7,770                 7,523
     Over six months                                                                               5,380                 4,107

                                                                                                 349,542               383,612

    There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables, as the Group has a large number of internationally
    dispersed customers. Other debtors are fully performing.

    The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade receivables are denominated in the following currencies:


     US$’000                                                                                        2018                  2017
     US dollar                                                                                   113,941               145,868
     Canadian dollar                                                                              13,218                12,978
     Euro                                                                                         57,088                61,027
     Japanese yen                                                                                 18,377                19,212
     Hong Kong dollar                                                                              7,336                 5,692
     Renminbi                                                                                     42,681                46,403
     Pound sterling                                                                               12,726                11,025
     Australian dollar                                                                            20,609                24,237
     Other currencies                                                                             63,566                57,170

                                                                                                 349,542               383,612

    Movements in the provision for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:


     US$’000                                                                                        2018                  2017
     Balance at beginning of year                                                                  16,061                16,313
     Adjustment on adoption of HKFRS 9                                                             12,897                     –

     Restated balance at beginning of year                                                         28,958                16,313
     Provision                                                                                     16,742                 3,683
     Write off                                                                                    (10,576)               (1,287)
     Reversal                                                                                      (5,390)               (2,648)
     Classified as assets held for sale (note 16)                                                    (209)                    –

     Balance at end of year                                                                        29,525                16,061

    The provision for impairment has been included in “business and administrative expenses” in the consolidated profit and loss
    account.

    To measure the expected credit losses which are included in the balance of provision for impairment of trade receivables,
    trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and due dates of invoices.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
164 Annual Report 2018
                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



31. AMOUNTS DUE FROM JOINT VENTURES
  The amounts receivable are unsecured, interest free and have no specific repayment terms.

32. AMOUNTS DUE FROM FELLOW SUBSIDIARIES
  The amounts receivable are unsecured, interest free and have no specific repayment terms.

33. AMOUNTS DUE FROM RELATED COMPANIES
  The amounts receivable are unsecured, interest free and have no specific repayment terms.

34. PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

   US$’000                                                                                             2018                     2017
   Listed equity securities
      Hong Kong                                                                                      40,500                 23,379
      Overseas                                                                                        9,089                 12,473

   Market value of listed equity securities                                                          49,589                 35,852
   Unit trust                                                                                         5,720                  6,140
   Listed debt securities
      Hong Kong                                                                                    209,837                173,900
      Overseas                                                                                     113,111                 78,828

                                                                                                   378,257                294,720

  The carrying amounts of the Group’s portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss are mainly denominated in US
  dollar (2017: US dollar).

  The credit quality of listed debt securities by reference to Standard & Poor’s and/or Moody’s credit ratings is as follows:


   US$’000                                                                                             2018                     2017
   A                                                                                                69,328                 40,320
   BBB                                                                                             127,819                121,618
   BB                                                                                                8,800                  9,688
   Non-ranking                                                                                     117,001                 81,102

                                                                                                   322,948                252,728

  The fair value of all listed equity securities and debt securities are based on their current bid prices in active markets.

35. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

   US$’000                                                                                             2018                     2017
   Asset
   Current asset
     Bunker price derivative contracts                                                                    –                     1,825

   Liability
   Current liability
     Bunker price derivative contracts                                                                5,565                        –




                                                                                         Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2018 165
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



35. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
    The credit quality of derivative financial assets by reference to the Standard & Poor’s and/or Moody’s credit ratings is as
    follows:


     US$’000                                                                                      2018                  2017
     AA                                                                                               –                  589
     A                                                                                                –                1,236

                                                                                                      –                1,825

    At 31st December 2018, the Group had entered into contracts covering approximately 11% (2017: 7%) of expected purchase
    of bunker for the next year through bunker price derivative contracts.

36. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

     US$’000                                                                                      2018                  2017
     Short-term bank deposits
       – Maturing within three months from the date of placement                             1,202,356             1,485,327
     Cash at bank and in hand                                                                  382,109               455,648

                                                                                             1,584,465             1,940,975

    The carrying amounts of the Group’s cash and bank balances are mainly denominated in US dollar (2017: US dollar).

    The credit quality of cash at bank and in hand and short-term bank deposits by reference to Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and/
    or Fitch’s credit ratings is as follows:


     US$’000                                                                                      2018                  2017
     AA                                                                                        538,611               504,840
     A                                                                                         861,272             1,001,437
     BBB                                                                                       170,966               424,027
     BB                                                                                          2,849                 6,849
     B                                                                                           4,639                   182
     Others                                                                                      6,128                 3,640

                                                                                             1,584,465             1,940,975

37. SHARE CAPITAL

     US$’000                                                                                      2018                  2017
     Authorised:
       900,000,000 ordinary shares of US$0.10 each                                              90,000                90,000
       65,000,000 convertible redeemable preferred shares of US$1 each                          65,000                65,000
       50,000,000 redeemable preferred shares of US$1 each                                      50,000                50,000

                                                                                               205,000               205,000




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
166 Annual Report 2018
                                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



37. SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                Number of shares          Ordinary shares
                                                                                                    (thousands)                  US$’000
   Issued and fully paid:
      At 31st December 2017 and 2018                                                                       625,793                   62,579

38. RESERVES

                                                                                                        Foreign
                                                                            Capital   Investments      exchange
                                                Share   Contributed     redemption     revaluation   translation      Retained
   US$’000                                   premium        surplus         reserve        reserve       reserve         profit         Total
   Balance at 31st December 2016              172,457        88,547           4,696        30,852        27,079       4,133,076     4,456,707
   Total comprehensive income for the year          –             –               –        12,492        15,961         148,162       176,615
   Transactions with owners
     2017 interim dividend                         –             –               –              –             –         (13,388)      (13,388)

   Balance at 31st December 2017              172,457        88,547           4,696        43,344        43,040       4,267,850     4,619,934
   Adjustment on adoption of HKFRS 9                –             –               –             –             –         (13,172)      (13,172)

   Restated balance at 1st January 2018       172,457        88,547           4,696        43,344        43,040       4,254,678     4,606,762
   Total comprehensive income/(loss)
     for the year                                  –             –               –        (20,931)      (16,339)        103,059        65,789

   Balance at 31st December 2018              172,457        88,547          4,696         22,413        26,701       4,357,737     4,672,551

39. BORROWINGS

   US$’000                                                                                                     2018                    2017
   Non-current
   Bank loans
     – Secured                                                                                           1,240,877                 1,531,192
     – Unsecured                                                                                           226,976                   275,974
   Finance lease obligations                                                                             2,227,981                 2,122,859

                                                                                                         3,695,834                 3,930,025

   Current
   Bank loans
     – Secured                                                                                             242,126                  256,258
     – Unsecured                                                                                            48,998                   33,998
   Finance lease obligations                                                                               210,798                  333,902

                                                                                                           501,922                  624,158

   Total borrowings                                                                                      4,197,756                 4,554,183




                                                                                                 Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2018 167
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



39. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
    The maturity of borrowings is as follows:


                                                                                                    Finance leases
                                                                                  Bank            Present              Minimum
     US$’000                                                                      loans             value              payments
     As at 31st December 2018
       2019                                                                    291,124             210,798                   286,499
       2020                                                                    450,282             174,089                   242,211
       2021                                                                    315,224             467,224                   524,641
       2022                                                                    264,814             224,876                   270,008
       2023                                                                    154,760             307,390                   342,201
       2024 onwards                                                            282,773           1,054,402                 1,121,710

                                                                              1,758,977          2,438,779                 2,787,270

     As at 31st December 2017
       2018                                                                     290,256            333,902                   392,262
       2019                                                                     318,809            192,216                   242,516
       2020                                                                     453,011            155,191                   200,140
       2021                                                                     384,164            447,895                   509,969
       2022                                                                     237,426            150,202                   180,958
       2023 onwards                                                             413,756          1,177,355                 1,247,815

                                                                              2,097,422          2,456,761                 2,773,660

    Borrowings are secured by property, plant and equipment of the Group (note 17 (a)).

    The effective interest rates at the balance sheet date were as follows:


                                                                                                     2018                      2017
     Bank loans                                                                                      3.7%                      2.8%
     Finance lease obligations                                                                       3.8%                      3.1%

    The carrying amounts and fair values of the non-current borrowings are as follows:


                                                                    Carrying amounts                         Fair values
     US$’000                                                          2018                2017          2018                   2017
     Bank loans                                                  1,467,853          1,807,166       1,467,003              1,805,997
     Finance lease obligations                                   2,227,981          2,122,859       2,193,394              2,095,766

                                                                 3,695,834          3,930,025       3,660,397              3,901,763

    The fair values are based on cash flows discounted using rates based on the borrowing rates ranging from 2.4% to 5.4% (2017:
    2.0% to 5.1%).

    The carrying amounts of short-term borrowings approximate their fair values.

    The carrying amounts of the Group’s borrowings are denominated in US dollar (2017: US dollar).

    The fixed interest rate borrowings of the Group as at 31st December 2018 amounted to US$871.8 million (2017: US$892.3
    million). The remaining borrowings of US$3,326.0 million (2017: US$3,661.9 million) were subject to floating interest rates.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
168 Annual Report 2018
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



40. CREDITORS AND ACCRUALS

   US$’000                                                                                          2018                   2017
   Trade payables                                                                                193,382                 179,189
   Other creditors                                                                               162,251                 113,216
   Accrued expenses                                                                              443,200                 420,654
   Deferred revenue                                                                               25,923                  27,201
   Contract liabilities                                                                           13,429                       –

                                                                                                 838,185                 740,260

  The ageing analysis of the Group’s trade payables, prepared in accordance with the dates of invoices, is as follows:


   US$’000                                                                                          2018                   2017
   Below one month                                                                               109,641                 138,973
   Two to three months                                                                            75,285                  32,483
   Four to six months                                                                              2,524                   1,309
   Over six months                                                                                 5,932                   6,424

                                                                                                 193,382                 179,189

  The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade payables are denominated in the following currencies:


   US$’000                                                                                          2018                   2017
   US dollar                                                                                      72,072                  88,149
   Canadian dollar                                                                                 7,240                   8,033
   Euro                                                                                           16,333                  14,007
   Japanese yen                                                                                   18,977                  16,503
   Hong Kong dollar                                                                               16,096                  16,007
   Renminbi                                                                                       28,072                  27,991
   Other currencies                                                                               34,592                   8,499

                                                                                                 193,382                 179,189

41. AMOUNTS DUE TO JOINT VENTURES
  The amounts payable are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.

42. AMOUNTS DUE TO FELLOW SUBSIDIARIES
  The amounts payable are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.

43. AMOUNTS DUE TO RELATED COMPANIES
  The amounts payable are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.




                                                                                      Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2018 169
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



44. COMMITMENTS
    (a) Capital commitments – Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                                                    Restated
          US$’000                                                                                 2018                  2017
          Contracted but not provided for                                                       91,618               267,148


    (b) Operating lease commitments
         The future aggregate minimum lease rental expenses under non-cancellable operating leases are payable in the following
         years:



                                                                      Vessels and            Land and
          US$’000                                                      equipment             buildings                 Total
          At 31st December 2018
             2019                                                         134,796               38,710              173,506
             2020                                                          67,996               28,818                96,814
             2021                                                          46,789               18,576                65,365
             2022                                                          19,273               14,096                33,369
             2023                                                           4,950               13,226                18,176
             2024 onwards                                                   3,702               28,682                32,384

                                                                          277,506              142,108              419,614

          At 31st December 2017
             2018                                                         145,501                32,294              177,795
             2019                                                          75,240                29,604              104,844
             2020                                                          67,999                19,162               87,161
             2021                                                          46,791                11,630               58,421
             2022                                                          19,295                 8,210               27,505
             2023 onwards                                                   8,920                19,381               28,301

                                                                          363,746              120,281               484,027




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
170 Annual Report 2018
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



44. COMMITMENTS (CONTINUED)
  (c) Operating lease rental receivable
      The future aggregate minimum lease rental income under non-cancellable operating leases are receivable in the
      following years:


                                                                  Vessels and            Land and
       US$’000                                                    equipment              buildings                 Total
       At 31st December 2018
         2019                                                               –               23,201               23,201
         2020                                                               –               21,999               21,999
         2021                                                               –               20,793               20,793
         2022                                                               –               18,326               18,326
         2023                                                               –               16,487               16,487
         2024 onwards                                                       –               45,779               45,779

                                                                            –              146,585              146,585

       At 31st December 2017
         2018                                                           1,235               24,000               25,235
         2019                                                               –               21,128               21,128
         2020                                                               –               19,425               19,425
         2021                                                               –               17,278               17,278
         2022                                                               –               14,920               14,920
         2023 onwards                                                       –               42,889               42,889

                                                                        1,235              139,640              140,875

45. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
  (a) The reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities is as follows:

                                                                                            Finance
                                                                        Bank                   lease
       US$’000                                                     borrowings            obligations                Total
       At 31st December 2016                                         2,198,407             1,892,330            4,090,737
       Cash flow
          – Inflow from financing activities                           447,361               659,521            1,106,882
          – Outflow from financing activities                         (552,076)             (236,838)            (788,914)
       Non-cash changes
          – Inception of finance leases (note 45(c))                         –               129,401             129,401
          – Finance costs                                                3,730                12,347              16,077

       At 31st December 2017                                         2,097,422             2,456,761            4,554,183
       Cash flow
          – Inflow from financing activities                           213,692               262,228             475,920
          – Outflow from financing activities                         (506,679)             (267,148)           (773,827)
       Non-cash changes
          – Classified as liabilities directly associated
              with assets held for sale (note 16)                      (48,411)              (59,189)           (107,600)
          – Inception of finance leases (note 45(c))                         –                31,720              31,720
          – Finance costs                                                2,953                14,407              17,360

       At 31st December 2018                                         1,758,977             2,438,779           4,197,756




                                                                                  Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2018 171
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



45. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT (CONTINUED)
    (b) Disposal of subsidiaries

          US$’000                                                                               2018                 2017
          Net assets disposed
             Property, plant and equipment                                                        83                    –
             Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                         23                    –
             Restricted bank balances                                                          1,062                    –
             Cash and bank balances                                                           14,363                    –
             Debtors and prepayments                                                           1,431                    –
             Creditors and accruals                                                             (822)                   –
             Current taxation                                                                   (280)                   –
             Amounts payable to group companies                                               (6,898)                   –

                                                                                               8,962                    –
          Release of reserve upon disposal                                                      (116)                   –
          Gain on disposal                                                                     3,663                    –

          Cash consideration                                                                  12,509                    –

          Net cash outflow arising on disposal:
          Cash consideration                                                                  12,509                    –
          Less: Cash and bank balances disposed                                              (14,363)                   –

          Net cash outflow                                                                    (1,854)                   –


    (c) Major non-cash transactions
         During the year, major non-cash transactions included the inception of finance leases of US$31.7 million (2017:
         US$129.4 million) and non-cash dividend received from investments at fair value through other comprehensive income/
         available-for-sale financial assets of US$14.7 million (2017: US$13.3 million).


    (d) Analysis of cash and cash equivalents

          US$’000                                                                               2018                 2017
          Bank balances and deposits maturing within three months
             from the date of placement                                                    1,584,465            1,940,975




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
172 Annual Report 2018
                                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



46. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
  The Company is controlled by COSCO SHIPPING, the ultimate parent company and a state-owned enterprise established in
  the PRC.

  COSCO SHIPPING itself is controlled by the PRC government, which also owns a significant portion of the productive
  assets in the PRC. Government-related entities and their subsidiaries directly or indirectly controlled, jointly controlled or
  significantly influenced by the PRC government are defined as related parties of the Group. On that basis, related parties
  include COSCO SHIPPING and its subsidiaries (other than the Group) (collectively referred to as “COSCO SHIPPING
  Group”), other government-related entities and their subsidiaries, entities in which the Company is able to exercise joint
  control or significant influence, and key management personnel of the Company and COSCO SHIPPING as well as their
  close family members.

  For the purpose of related party transaction disclosures, the Directors believe that it is meaningful to disclose the related
  party transactions with COSCO SHIPPING Group companies for the interests of financial statements users, although certain
  of those transactions which are individually or collectively not significant are exempted from disclosure. The Directors
  believe that the information of related party transactions has been adequately disclosed in the consolidated financial
  statements.

  In addition to the related party information and transactions disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements,
  the following is a summary of significant related party transactions conducted in the ordinary course of business between the
  Group and COSCO SHIPPING Group during the year.


   US$’000                                                                                                      2018                    2017
   Revenues
     Container transport income                                                                              55,419                         –
     Freight forwarding income                                                                                  471                         –
     Terminal handling and storage income                                                                    12,139                         –
     IT service income                                                                                          593                         –
     Interest income                                                                                            170                         –

   Expenses
     Cargo transportation costs                                                                              25,110                         –
     Freight forwarding expenses                                                                              2,695                         –
     Terminal charges                                                                                        54,558                         –
     Operating lease rental expenses
        Vessels                                                                                              10,966                         –
        Containers                                                                                            1,473                         –
        Land and buildings                                                                                      176                         –
     Slot hire expenses                                                                                      20,999                         –
     Purchase of bunker                                                                                     133,078                         –
     Crew expenses                                                                                              569                         –

   Others
     Purchase of containers                                                                                  93,860                         –

  Note:

  These transactions were conducted either (i) based on terms as governed by the master agreements and subsisting agreements entered into between
  the Group and COSCO SHIPPING Group or (ii) based on terms as set out in the underlying agreements, statutory rates or market prices or actual
  costs incurred, or as mutually agreed between the Group and COSCO SHIPPING Group.




                                                                                                 Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2018 173
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements



47. COMPANY BALANCE SHEET
    As at 31st December 2018

     US$’000                                                                                              2018                   2017
     ASSETS
     Non-current asset
     Subsidiaries                                                                                      169,487                169,487
     Current assets
     Prepayments                                                                                           149                     48
     Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                                   2,855,975              2,876,770
     Restricted bank balances                                                                              335                    345
     Cash and bank balances                                                                              9,297                     93
                                                                                                     2,865,756              2,877,256
     Total assets                                                                                    3,035,243              3,046,743
     EQUITY
     Equity holders
     Share capital                                                                                      62,579                 62,579
     Reserves (note)                                                                                   996,630              1,015,718
     Total equity                                                                                    1,059,209              1,078,297
     LIABILITIES
     Non-current liability
     Amount due to a subsidiary                                                                      1,589,229              1,589,229
     Current liabilities
     Creditors and accruals                                                                             10,288                  1,829
     Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                                       376,517                377,388
                                                                                                       386,805                379,217
     Total liabilities                                                                               1,976,034              1,968,446
     Total equity and liabilities                                                                    3,035,243              3,046,743

    Note:

    Movements of reserves


                                                                                          Capital
                                                       Share       Contributed        redemption           Retained
     US$’000                                        premium            surplus            reserve             profit              Total
     Balance at 31st December 2016                   172,457             88,547              4,696           725,680           991,380
     Total comprehensive income for the year               –                  –                  –            37,726            37,726
     Transactions with owners
        2017 interim dividend                              –                  –                 –            (13,388)           (13,388)

     Balance at 31st December 2017                   172,457             88,547              4,696           750,018          1,015,718
     Total comprehensive loss for the year                 –                  –                  –           (19,088)           (19,088)

     Balance at 31st December 2018                   172,457             88,547             4,696            730,930           996,630

    Under the Companies Act of Bermuda and the Bye-laws of the Company, the contributed surplus is also distributable. Accordingly, total
    distributable reserves of the Company amount to US$819.5 million as at 31st December 2018 (2017: US$838.6 million).

48. APPROVAL OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    The consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 22nd March 2019.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
174 Annual Report 2018
       Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
                                                                                                                           as at 31st December 2018




                                   Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                   percentage    capital/registered capital/
Name of Company                    held by Group contributed cash capital      Principal activities           Place of incorporation   Area of operations

Subsidiaries

Cargo System Warehouse and         100             3,000 ordinary shares       Investment holding and         Hong Kong                Hong Kong
  Transport Ltd.                                   HK$300,000                  container transport

Consolidated Leasing &             100             1 common stock              Investment holding, equipment USA                       USA
  Terminals, Inc.                                  US$100                      owning and leasing

Containers No. 1 Inc.              100             10,000 ordinary shares      Equipment owning and leasing   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$100,000

Containers No. 2 Inc.              100             10,000 ordinary shares      Equipment owning and leasing   Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$100,000

Dongguan Orient Container Co. Ltd. 100             Registered capital          Container depot and            China *                  China
                                                   HK$29,000,000               warehousing

Far Gain Investment Ltd.           100             10,000 ordinary shares      Investment holding             Hong Kong                Hong Kong
                                                   HK$10,000

Glory Top Investment Ltd.          100             10,000 ordinary shares      Portfolio investment           Hong Kong                Hong Kong
                                                   HK$10,000

Goodrich Limited                   100             500 ordinary shares         Commodity instruments for      Marshall Islands         Marshall Islands
                                                   US$5,000                    Group

Hai Dong Transportation Co. Ltd.   100             100,000 ordinary shares     Container transport            Hong Kong                Hong Kong
                                                   HK$100,000

Kenwake Ltd.                       100             1,600,000 ordinary shares   Investment holding             United Kingdom           United Kingdom
                                   100             520,000 5% cumulative
                                                   preference shares
                                                   £2,120,000

Laronda Company Ltd.               100             5,000 ordinary shares       Portfolio investment           British Virgin Islands   Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000

LBCT LLC                           100             Capital of                  Terminal operating             USA                      USA
                                                   US$500,000

Long Beach Container Terminal, Inc. 100            5,000 common stock          Maintenance of union office    USA                      USA
                                                   US$500,000                  workers and provision of
                                                                               labour services

Maritime Delivery Services Inc.    100             1,000 common stock          Trucking service               USA                      USA
                                                   US$10,000

Newcontainer 1370A Shipping Inc.   100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000

Newcontainer 1371A Shipping Inc.   100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000

Newcontainer 1420 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                    Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                   US$5,000




                                                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2018 175
Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
as at 31st December 2018




                                    Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                    percentage    capital/registered capital/
 Name of Company                    held by Group contributed cash capital      Principal activities   Place of incorporation   Area of operations

 Subsidiaries (Continued)

 Newcontainer 1421 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000

 Newcontainer 1484 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000

 Newcontainer 1564A Shipping Inc.   100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000

 Newcontainer 1565A Shipping Inc.   100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000

 Newcontainer 1584A Shipping Inc.   100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000

 Newcontainer 1585A Shipping Inc.   100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000

 Newcontainer 1667A Shipping Inc.   100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000

 Newcontainer 1668A Shipping Inc.   100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000

 Newcontainer 2002 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000

 Newcontainer 2004 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000

 Newcontainer 2005 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000

 Newcontainer 2007 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000

 Newcontainer 2009 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000

 Newcontainer 2010 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000

 Newcontainer 2011 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000

 Newcontainer 2172 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000

 Newcontainer 2173 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000

 Newcontainer 4090 Shipping Inc.    100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning            Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                    US$5,000




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
176 Annual Report 2018
                                            Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
                                                                                                                          as at 31st December 2018




                                     Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                     percentage    capital/registered capital/
Name of Company                      held by Group contributed cash capital      Principal activities         Place of incorporation   Area of operations

Subsidiaries (Continued)

Newcontainer No. 5 Shipping Inc.     100             500 ordinary shares         Ship owning                  Liberia †                Worldwide
                                                     US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 6 Shipping Inc.     100             500 ordinary shares         Ship owning                  Liberia †                Worldwide
                                                     US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 9                   100             500 ordinary shares         Ship owning                  Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 10                  100             500 ordinary shares         Ship owning                  Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 15                  100             500 ordinary shares         Ship owning                  Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 51                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                  Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 52                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                  Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 67                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                  Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 69                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                  Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 73                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                  Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 75                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                  Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 81                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                  Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 82                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                  Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 83                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                  Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 85                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                  Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 87                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                  Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 88                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                  Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

Newcontainer No. 89                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                  Marshall Islands         Worldwide
  (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000




                                                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2018 177
Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
as at 31st December 2018




                                      Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                      percentage    capital/registered capital/
 Name of Company                      held by Group contributed cash capital      Principal activities             Place of incorporation   Area of operations

 Subsidiaries (Continued)

 Newcontainer No. 90                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                      Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 93                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                      Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 95                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                      Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 96                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                      Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 97                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                      Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 98                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                      Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 99                  100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                      Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 100                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                      Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 101                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                      Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 102                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                      Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 103                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                      Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 106                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Investment holding               Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 Newcontainer No. 107                 100             5,000 ordinary shares       Ship owning                      Marshall Islands         Worldwide
   (Marshall Islands) Shipping Inc.                   US$5,000

 OLL Logistics (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd     100             10,000 ordinary shares      Logistics, cargo consolidation   Malaysia                 Malaysia
                                                      RM10,000                    and forwarding

 OOCL (Agencies) Holdings Inc.        100             5,000 ordinary shares       Investment holding               Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                      US$5,000

 OOCL (Asia Pacific) Ltd.             100             2 ordinary shares           Transportation                   Hong Kong                Asia Pacific
                                                      HK$2

 OOCL (Assets) Holdings Inc.          100             500 ordinary shares         Investment holding               Liberia †                Worldwide
                                                      US$5,000

 OOCL (Assets USA) Holdings Inc.      100             50,000 ordinary shares      Investment holding               Liberia †                USA
                                                      US$50,000




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
178 Annual Report 2018
                                           Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
                                                                                                                               as at 31st December 2018




                                    Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                    percentage    capital/registered capital/
Name of Company                     held by Group contributed cash capital      Principal activities              Place of incorporation   Area of operations

Subsidiaries (Continued)

OOCL (Australia) Pty Ltd.           100             200,000 ordinary shares     Liner agency                      Australia                Australia
                                                    A$200,000

OOCL BENELUX                        100             226,271 ordinary shares     Liner agency                      Belgium                  Belgium
                                                    €609,799

OOCL (Cambodia) Ltd.                100             50,000 ordinary shares      Liner agency                      Cambodia                 Cambodia
                                                    Riel200,000,000

OOCL (Canada) Inc.                  100             10,000 common stock         Liner agency                      Canada                   Canada
                                                    C$91,000

OOCL (China) Investment Ltd.        100             2 ordinary shares           Investment holding                Hong Kong                China
                                                    HK$2

OOCL (Corporate Services) Limited   100             2 ordinary shares           Provision of corporate services   Hong Kong                Hong Kong
                                                    HK$2

OOCL (Denmark) A/S                  100             1,000 ordinary shares       Liner agency                      Denmark                  Northern Europe
                                                    DKK500,000

OOCL (Europe) Ltd.                  100             5,000,000 ordinary shares   Container transport,              United Kingdom           Worldwide
                                                    £5,000,000                  investment holding and liner
                                                                                territorial office

OOCL (Finland) Ltd. Oy              100             150 ordinary shares         Liner agency                      Finland                  Finland
                                                    €2,522.82

OOCL (India) Private Ltd.           100             1,000 equity shares         Liner agency                      India                    India
                                                    Rupees100,000

OOCL (Infotech) Holdings Ltd.       100             2 ordinary shares           Investment holding                British Virgin Islands   Worldwide
                                                    US$2

OOCL (Italy) S.r.l.                 100             1 quota                     Liner agency                      Italy                    Italy
                                                    €10,000

OOCL (Korea) Ltd.                   100             16,000 common stock         Liner agency                      Korea                    Korea
                                                    Won160,000,000

OOCL (Liners) Holdings Ltd.         100             2 ordinary shares           Investment holding                Hong Kong                Hong Kong
                                                    HK$2

OOCL (Logistics) Holdings Ltd.      100             10,000 ordinary shares      Investment holding                British Virgin Islands   Worldwide
                                                    US$10,000

OOCL (Mexico), S.A. de CV           100             600,000 ordinary shares     Liner agency                      Mexico                   Mexico
                                                    Peso600,000

OOCL (New Zealand) Ltd.             100             100 ordinary shares         Liner agency                      New Zealand              New Zealand
                                                    NZD1,000

OOCL Pakistan (Private) Ltd.        100             1,350,000 ordinary shares   Liner agency                      Pakistan                 Pakistan
                                                    PKR13,500,000




                                                                                                         Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2018 179
Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
as at 31st December 2018




                                      Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                      percentage    capital/registered capital/
 Name of Company                      held by Group contributed cash capital      Principal activities             Place of incorporation   Area of operations

 Subsidiaries (Continued)

 OOCL (Philippines) Inc.              100             55,000 common stock         Liner agency                     Philippines              Philippines
                                                      Peso5,500,000

 OOCL (Poland) Ltd sp. z o.o.         100             1,000 ordinary shares       Liner agency                     Poland                   Poland
                                                      PLN50,000

 OOCL (Portugal), Lda                 100             2 quotas                    Liner agency                     Portugal                 Portugal
                                                      €25,000

 OOCL (Russia) Ltd.                   100             1 participatory share       Liner agency                     Russia                   Russia
                                                      Rub10,000

 OOCL (Singapore) Pte Ltd.            100             100,000 ordinary shares     Liner agency                     Singapore                Singapore
                                                      S$100,000

 OOCL (Sweden) AB                     100             100,000 ordinary shares     Liner agency                     Sweden                   Sweden
                                                      SEK100,000

 OOCL (Terminals) Investment Ltd.     100             500 ordinary shares         Investment holding               British Virgin Islands   Worldwide
                                                      US$500

 OOCL (USA) Inc.                      100             1,030 common stock          Liner agency                     USA                      USA
                                                      US$1,030

 OOCL (Vietnam) Co. Ltd.              100             Legal capital               Liner agency                     Vietnam                  Vietnam
                                                      US$500,000

 OOCL China Domestics Ltd.            100             Registered capital          Transportation and freight       China ±                  China
                                                      RMB21,250,000               agency

 OOCL GEMİ ACENTELİĞİ                 100             100,000 shares              Liner agency                     Turkey                   Turkey
  HİZMETLERİ VE TİCARET                               TL.100,000
  ANONİM ŞİRKETİ

 OOCL LLC                             100             Capital of                  Investment holding and           USA                      USA
                                                      US$500,000                  equipment owning

 OOCL Logistics Limited               100             10,000 ordinary shares      Investment holding               British Virgin Islands   Hong Kong
                                                      US$10,000

 OOCL Logistics (Asia Pacific) Ltd.   100             200 ordinary shares         Investment holding,              Bermuda                  Worldwide
                                                      US$20,000                   management of international
                                                                                  transportation and logistics

 OOCL Logistics (Australia)           100             200,000 ordinary shares     Logistics, cargo consolidation   Australia                Australia
  Pty. Limited                                        A$200,000                   and forwarding

 OOCL Logistics (Cambodia) Ltd.       100             1,250 ordinary shares       Logistics, cargo consolidation   Cambodia                 Cambodia
                                                      Riel5,000,000               and forwarding

 OOCL Logistics (Canada) Ltd.         100             1,000 common stock          Logistics, cargo consolidation   Canada                   Canada
                                                      C$1,000                     and forwarding




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
180 Annual Report 2018
                                             Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
                                                                                                                                  as at 31st December 2018




                                      Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                      percentage    capital/registered capital/
Name of Company                       held by Group contributed cash capital        Principal activities              Place of incorporation   Area of operations

Subsidiaries (Continued)

OOCL Logistics (China) Ltd.           100             Registered capital            Logistics, cargo consolidation    China *                  China
                                                      US$4,840,000                  and forwarding

OOCL Logistics (Europe) Ltd.          100             2 ordinary shares             Logistics, cargo consolidation    United Kingdom           Europe
                                                      £2                            and forwarding territorial office

OOCL Logistics (Hong Kong) Ltd.       100             50,000 ordinary shares        Logistics, cargo consolidation    Hong Kong                Hong Kong
                                                      HK$500,000                    and forwarding

OOCL Logistics (India) Private Ltd.   100             35,000 equity shares          Logistics, cargo consolidation    India                    India
                                                      Rupee3,500,000                and forwarding

OOCL Logistics (Japan) Ltd.           100             6,200 ordinary shares         Logistics, cargo consolidation    Japan                    Japan
                                                      Yen10,000,000                 and forwarding

OOCL Logistics (Korea) Ltd.           100             30,000 common stock           Logistics, cargo consolidation    Korea                    Korea
                                                      Won300,000,000                and forwarding

OOCL Logistics Mexico, S.A. de CV     100             500,000 ordinary shares       Logistics, cargo consolidation    Mexico                   Mexico
                                                      Peso500,000                   and forwarding

OOCL Logistics Pakistan (Pvt)         100             1,300,000 ordinary shares     Logistics, cargo consolidation    Pakistan                 Pakistan
 Limited                                              PKR13,000,000                 and forwarding

OOCL Logistics (Russia) Limited       100             1 share                       Logistics, cargo consolidation    Russia                   Russia
                                                      Rub10,000                     and forwarding

OOCL Logistics (Singapore) Pte Ltd.   100             2 ordinary shares             Logistics, cargo consolidation    Singapore                Singapore
                                                      S$2                           and forwarding

OOCL Logistics (USA) Inc.             100             100 common stock              Logistics, cargo consolidation,   USA                      Worldwide
                                                      US$200                        forwarding and investment
                                                                                    holding

OOCL Logistics Line Limited           100             2 ordinary shares             Transportation and freight        Hong Kong                Worldwide
                                                      HK$2                          forwarding

OOCL Logistics Warehousing and      100               Registered capital            Warehousing and logistics         China *                  China
 Transportation (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.                   US$1,000,000                  services

OOCL Logistics Warehousing and        100             Registered capital            Warehousing, transportation       China *                  China
 Transportation (Tianjin) Co. Ltd.                    US$4,700,000                  and logistics services

OOCL Transport & Logistics            100             169,477,152 ordinary shares   Investment holding                Bermuda                  Worldwide
 Holdings Ltd. #                                      US$169,477,152

OOCL Warehousing (Shanghai)           100             Registered capital            Warehousing and depot             China *                  China
 Limited                                              US$10,000,000                 services

OOIL (Investments) Inc. #             100             500 ordinary shares           Investment holding                Liberia †                Worldwide
                                                      US$5,000

Orient Overseas Associates            100             Limited partnership           Property owning                   USA                      USA




                                                                                                              Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2018 181
Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
as at 31st December 2018




                                       Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                       percentage    capital/registered capital/
 Name of Company                       held by Group contributed cash capital       Principal activities            Place of incorporation   Area of operations

 Subsidiaries (Continued)

 Orient Overseas Building Corp.        100             10 common stock              Property owning                 USA                      USA
                                                       US$150,000

 Orient Overseas Container Line        100             Registered capital           Liner agency                    China *                  China
   (China) Co. Ltd.                                    US$3,400,000

 Orient Overseas Container Line        100             66,000,000 ordinary shares   Investment holding              United Kingdom           United Kingdom
   (Europe) Ltd.                                       £66,000,000

 Orient Overseas Container Line        100             500,000 ordinary shares      Liner agency                    Malaysia                 Malaysia
   (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd                                  RM500,000

 Orient Overseas Container Line        100             3,100 ordinary shares        Liner agency                    Spain                    Spain
   (Spain), S.L.                                       €3,100

 Orient Overseas Container Line        100             5,000 ordinary shares        Ship management and vessel      Cayman Islands           Worldwide
   (UK) Ltd.                                           US$5,000                     operator


 Orient Overseas Container Line Inc.   100             500 ordinary shares          Investment holding              Liberia †                Worldwide
                                                       US$25,000,000

 Orient Overseas Container Line Ltd.   100             10,000 ordinary shares       Container transport             Hong Kong                Worldwide
                                                       HK$1,000,000

 Soberry Investments Ltd.              100             5,000 ordinary shares        Portfolio investment            British Virgin Islands   Worldwide
                                                       US$5,000

 The Speed Limited                     100             5,000 ordinary shares        Provision of financing to Group Marshall Islands         Worldwide
                                                       US$5,000

 Union Faith (H.K.) Limited            100             1 ordinary share             Ship owning                     Hong Kong                Worldwide
                                                       HK$1

 Wall Street Plaza, Inc.               100             40 class A common stock      Investment holding              USA                      USA
                                       100             160 class B common stock
                                       100             20,000 series A
                                                       non-cumulative
                                                       non-voting preferred stock
                                       100             18,000 series B
                                                       non-cumulative
                                                       non-voting preferred stock
                                       100             19,500 series C
                                                       non-cumulative
                                                       non-voting preferred stock
                                       100             19,000 series D
                                                       non-cumulative
                                                       non-voting preferred stock
                                                       US$76,500,200

 Wealth Capital Corporation            100             500 ordinary shares          Investment holding              Liberia †                Worldwide
                                                       US$5,000




      Orient Overseas (International) Limited
182 Annual Report 2018
                                              Principal Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
                                                                                                                           as at 31st December 2018




                                      Effective     Issued and fully paid up
                                      percentage    capital/registered capital/
Name of Company                       held by Group contributed cash capital      Principal activities         Place of incorporation   Area of operations

Associated companies

Ningbo Yuan Dong Terminal Ltd.        20               Registered capital         Terminal operating           China§                   China
                                                       RMB2,500,000,000

Tianjin Port Alliance International   20               Registered capital         Terminal operating           China§                   China
  Container Terminal Co. Ltd.                          US$160,000,000

Joint ventures

OOCL (Egypt) Shipping Agency          49               20,000 ordinary shares     Liner agency                 Egypt                    Egypt
 S.A.E.                                                EGP2,000,000

OOCL (UAE) LLC                        49               300 ordinary shares        Liner agency                 Dubai                    Dubai
                                                       AED300,000

Tan Cang – OOCL Logistics             50               Legal capital              Container depot              Vietnam                  Vietnam
  Company Limited                                      US$308,000

Qingdao Orient International          55               Registered capital         Container depot              China §                  China
  Container Storage &                                  RMB69,900,000
  Transportation Co. Ltd.

#   Direct subsidiaries of the Company.
†   Companies incorporated in Liberia but redomiciled to the Marshall Islands.
*   Wholly foreign-owned enterprise.
§   Sino-foreign equity joint venture enterprise.
±   Domestic joint venture enterprise.




                                                                                                         Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2018 183
Fleet and Container Information

Fleet

The following table sets out the Group’s vessels as at 31st December 2018.


                                                                                    DATE
                                     TEU                           SERVICE IN       PLACED IN
 VESSEL NAME                    CAPACITY       OWNERSHIP           WHICH USED       SERVICE     FLAG

 OOCL America                         5,344    Owned               Intra-Asia       1995        Hong Kong
 OOCL Asia                            8,063    Owned               Trans-Atlantic   2006        Hong Kong
 OOCL Bangkok                        13,208    Owned               Trans-Pacific    2013        Hong Kong
 OOCL Beijing                         8,888    Owned               Trans-Pacific    2011        Hong Kong
 OOCL Belgium                         2,992    Owned               Trans-Atlantic   1998        Hong Kong
 OOCL California                      5,344    Owned               Intra-Asia       1995        Hong Kong
 OOCL Canada                          8,888    Owned               Trans-Pacific    2011        Hong Kong
 OOCL Charleston                      4,578    Owned               Asia-Australia   2010        Hong Kong
 OOCL Chicago                         5,714    Owned               Intra-Asia       2000        Hong Kong
 OOCL Chongqing                      13,208    Owned               Trans-Pacific    2013        Hong Kong
 OOCL Dalian                          4,578    Owned               Asia-Australia   2009        Hong Kong
 OOCL Europe                          8,063    Owned               Trans-Atlantic   2006        Hong Kong
 OOCL Guangzhou                       4,578    Owned               Intra-Asia       2010        Hong Kong
 OOCL Jakarta                         4,578    Owned               Intra-Asia       2010        Hong Kong
 OOCL Le Havre                        4,578    Owned               Asia-Australia   2010        Hong Kong
 OOCL London                          8,063    Owned               Trans-Pacific    2010        Hong Kong
 OOCL Luxembourg                      8,063    Owned               Trans-Pacific    2010        Hong Kong
 OOCL Nagoya                          4,578    Owned               Intra-Asia       2009        Hong Kong
 OOCL New York                        5,770    Owned               Trans-Pacific    1999        Hong Kong
 OOCL Norfolk                         4,578    Owned               Asia-Australia   2009        Hong Kong
 OOCL San Francisco                   5,714    Owned               Trans-Pacific    2000        Hong Kong
 OOCL Savannah                        4,578    Owned               Intra-Asia       2010        Hong Kong
 OOCL Scandinavia                    21,413    Owned               Asia-Europe      2017        Hong Kong
 OOCL Seoul                           8,063    Owned               Asia-Australia   2010        Hong Kong
 OOCL Shanghai                        5,770    Owned               Intra-Asia       1999        Hong Kong
 OOCL Tokyo                           8,063    Owned               Trans-Pacific    2007        Hong Kong
 OOCL United Kingdom                 21,413    Owned               Asia-Europe      2017        Hong Kong
 OOCL Washington                      8,063    Owned               Trans-Pacific    2010        Hong Kong
 OOCL Atlanta                         8,063    Finance Lease       Intra-Asia       2005        Hong Kong
 OOCL Australia                       4,583    Finance Lease       Intra-Asia       2006        Hong Kong
 OOCL Berlin                         13,208    Finance Lease       Trans-Pacific    2013        Hong Kong
 OOCL Brisbane                        4,578    Finance Lease       Intra-Asia       2009        Hong Kong
 OOCL Brussels                       13,208    Finance Lease       Trans-Pacific    2013        Hong Kong
 OOCL Busan                           4,578    Finance Lease       Intra-Asia       2008        Hong Kong
 OOCL Egypt                          13,208    Finance Lease       Intra-Asia       2013        Hong Kong
 OOCL France                         13,208    Finance Lease       Asia-Europe      2013        Hong Kong
 OOCL Genoa                           8,888    Finance Lease       Trans-Pacific    2015        Hong Kong
 OOCL Germany                        21,413    Finance Lease       Asia-Europe      2017        Hong Kong
 OOCL Hamburg                         8,063    Finance Lease       Intra-Asia       2004        Hong Kong
 OOCL Ho Chi Minh City                8,888    Finance Lease       Trans-Pacific    2015        Hong Kong
 OOCL Hong Kong                      21,413    Finance Lease       Asia-Europe      2017        Hong Kong




     Orient Overseas (International) Limited
184 Annual Report 2018
                                   Fleet and Container Information


                                                                 DATE
                         TEU                    SERVICE IN       PLACED IN
VESSEL NAME         CAPACITY    OWNERSHIP       WHICH USED       SERVICE        FLAG

OOCL Houston            4,578   Finance Lease   Asia-Australia   2007           Hong Kong
OOCL Indonesia         21,413   Finance Lease   Asia-Europe      2018           Hong Kong
OOCL Japan             21,413   Finance Lease   Asia-Europe      2017           Hong Kong
OOCL Kobe               4,578   Finance Lease   Intra-Europe     2007           Hong Kong
OOCL Korea             13,208   Finance Lease   Trans-Pacific    2014           Hong Kong
OOCL Malaysia          13,208   Finance Lease   Trans-Pacific    2013           Hong Kong
OOCL Memphis            8,888   Finance Lease   Trans-Pacific    2013           Hong Kong
OOCL Miami              8,888   Finance Lease   Trans-Pacific    2013           Hong Kong
OOCL Montreal           4,402   Finance Lease   Trans-Atlantic   2003           Hong Kong
OOCL New Zealand        4,578   Finance Lease   Intra-Asia       2009           Hong Kong
OOCL Panama             4,578   Finance Lease   Intra-Asia       2008           Hong Kong
OOCL Poland            13,208   Finance Lease   Trans-Pacific    2013           Hong Kong
OOCL Rotterdam          8,063   Finance Lease   Asia-Australia   2004           Hong Kong
OOCL Singapore         13,208   Finance Lease   Asia-Europe      2014           Hong Kong
OOCL Southampton        8,063   Finance Lease   Trans-Pacific    2007           Hong Kong
OOCL Taipei             8,888   Finance Lease   Trans-Pacific    2015           Hong Kong
OOCL Texas              4,578   Finance Lease   Asia-Australia   2008           Hong Kong
OOCL Utah               8,888   Finance Lease   Trans-Pacific    2015           Hong Kong
OOCL Yokohama           4,578   Finance Lease   Asia-Australia   2007           Hong Kong
OOCL Zhoushan           4,583   Finance Lease   Intra-Asia       2006           Hong Kong
Apollon D               2,554   Chartered       Intra-Asia       2008           Liberia
Cape Tainaro           11,037   Chartered       Intra-Asia       2016           Malta
Cardiff Trader          2,526   Chartered       Intra-Asia       2003           Malta
Cimbria                 2,824   Chartered       Intra-Asia       2002           Liberia
Conmar Bay              1,036   Chartered       Intra-Europe     2012           Antigua and Barbuda
Cosco Boston            5,089   Chartered       Trans-Pacific    2007           Panama
Cosco New York          5,089   Chartered       Asia-Australia   2007           Panama
Cosco Philippines       8,501   Chartered       Trans-Atlantic   2010           Hong Kong
CSCL Neptune           14,074   Chartered       Intra-Asia       2012           Hong Kong
Green Horizon           1,736   Chartered       Intra-Asia       2013           Panama
Iberian Express         1,118   Chartered       Intra-Asia       2008           Gibraltar
King Crimson            1,710   Chartered       Intra-Asia       2007           Marshall Island
Kyoto Tower             1,708   Chartered       Intra-Asia       2007           United Kingdom
Maersk Sarnia           8,450   Chartered       Asia-Europe      2005           Singapore
Molly Schulte           2,345   Chartered       Intra-Asia       2018           Singapore
Moonchild               1,710   Chartered       Intra-Asia       2008           Liberia
Mount Gough             1,756   Chartered       Intra-Asia       2016           Hong Kong
Navi Baltic             1,421   Chartered       Intra-Europe     2009           Portugal
Olivia                  1,714   Chartered       Intra-Asia       2013           Portugal
OOCL Antwerp            5,888   Chartered       Trans-Pacific    2006           Panama
OOCL Dubai              5,888   Chartered       Asia-Australia   2006           Singapore
OOCL Italy              5,888   Chartered       Asia-Australia   2007           Singapore
OOCL Kaohsiung          5,888   Chartered       Trans-Pacific    2006           Singapore
OOCL Kuala Lumpur       5,888   Chartered       Asia-Australia   2007           Singapore
OOCL Oakland            5,888   Chartered       Trans-Pacific    2007           Panama
OOCL Qingdao            8,063   Chartered       Intra-Asia       2004           Hong Kong
OOCL Rauma              1,421   Chartered       Intra-Europe     2009           Netherlands



                                                                 Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                   Annual Report 2018 185
Fleet and Container Information


                                                                                    DATE
                                    TEU                          SERVICE IN         PLACED IN
 VESSEL NAME                   CAPACITY       OWNERSHIP          WHICH USED         SERVICE        FLAG

 OOCL Vancover                      5,888     Chartered          Trans-Pacific      2006           Panama
 Ornella                            1,714     Chartered          Intra-Asia         2012           Portugal
 Protostar N                        2,741     Chartered          Intra-Asia         2007           Cyprus
 Pucon                              6,541     Chartered          Asia-Europe        2006           Marshall Island
 San Lorenzo                        1,708     Chartered          Intra-Asia         2014           Cyprus
 Santa Loukia                       1,704     Chartered          Intra-Asia         2014           Malta
 ST Blue                            2,535     Chartered          Intra-Asia         2011           Liberia
 ST Green                           2,535     Chartered          Intra-Asia         2011           Liberia
 Teng Yun He                        1,702     Chartered          Intra-Asia         2000           China
 Tzini                              1,756     Chartered          Intra-Asia         2013           Malta
 Vega Fynen                         1,118     Chartered          Intra-Asia         2006           Liberia
 Vermont Trader                     4,992     Chartered          Trans-Atlantic     2004           Malta
 Warnow Chief                       1,500     Chartered          Intra-Asia         2009           Cyprus
 TOTAL 101 VESSELS                701,463


Container Information
The Group owned, purchased on finance lease terms or leased under operating lease agreements 671,006 units (1,132,281 TEU) as
of 31st December 2018. Approximately 90.5% of the container fleet in TEU capacity was owned or purchased under finance leases
with the remainder leased under operating lease agreements.

In addition, at 31st December 2018 the Group owned, purchased on finance lease terms or leased under operating lease terms 37
trailer chassis.




    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
186 Annual Report 2018
                                                                                          10-Year Financial Summary


 US$’000                                                   2009          2010         2011        2012        2013        2014        2015        2016          2017          2018
 Consolidated Profit and Loss Data
 Revenue                                               4,350,195    6,033,402     6,011,836   6,459,059   6,231,583   6,521,589   5,953,444   5,297,693     5,981,676    6,572,655
 Operating profit/(loss)                               (332,237)      918,807      174,598     327,904      90,314     329,147     353,068    (138,227)      238,155       262,935
 Finance costs                                          (35,347)      (29,091)     (26,179)    (32,877)    (41,019)    (54,000)    (63,642)    (79,393)       (97,418)    (143,191)
 Profit/(loss) before taxation                         (361,870)      898,776      162,457     310,134      66,999     294,583     307,208    (199,667)      159,871       134,068
 Profit/(loss) for the year from
      continuing operations                            (376,104)      869,817      139,354     296,317      47,133     270,438     283,851    (219,221)      147,438        75,448
 Profit/(loss) for the year from
      discontinued operations                           (24,501)    1,004,554       43,000           –           –           –           –           –         (9,782)      32,718
 Profit/(loss) for the year                            (400,605)    1,874,371      182,354     296,317      47,133     270,438     283,851    (219,221)      137,656       108,166
 Profit/(loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders   (402,294)    1,866,780      181,645     295,387      47,036     270,538     283,851    (219,221)      137,656       108,166
 Per Ordinary Share
      Earnings/(loss) (US cents)
       from continuing operations                          (60.4)       137.8          22.1        47.2         7.5        43.2        45.4       (35.0)         23.6         12.1
       from discontinued operations                         (3.9)       160.5           6.9          –           –           –           –           –           (1.6)         5.2
      Dividends (US cents)                                    –        283.80          7.00      11.84         1.88      10.90       11.45           –           2.14         7.70
 Weighted average number of ordinary shares
      in issue (’000)                                   625,793       625,793      625,793     625,793     625,793     625,793     625,793     625,793       625,793       625,793

 Consolidated Balance Sheet Data
 Property, plant and equipment                         3,798,048    3,860,367     4,205,194   4,664,773   5,320,251   5,608,929   6,020,744   6,076,673     6,251,457    5,880,057
 Liquid assets                                         1,354,387    4,132,897     2,413,132   2,339,531   2,411,085   2,689,754   2,548,976   2,186,946     2,534,463    2,246,803
 Assets held for sale                                  1,268,254            –            –           –           –      53,047           –           –             –       472,732
 Liabilities directly associated with
      assets classified as held for sale               (142,406)            –            –           –           –           –           –           –             –      (141,048)
 Other net current liabilities                         (582,807)     (475,304)    (543,133)   (654,625)   (473,105)   (628,393)   (622,964)   (738,046)     (671,309)     (596,779)
 Total assets                                          7,330,174    9,075,183     7,711,478   8,231,039   8,990,218   9,633,455   9,731,574   9,404,590    10,069,296    10,053,860
 Long-term debt                                        2,135,967    2,416,367     2,233,095   2,325,777   3,265,555   3,595,625   3,663,100   3,489,272     3,930,025    3,695,834
 Total long and short-term debt                        2,568,022    2,664,122     2,672,206   2,881,530   3,533,865   3,984,502   4,101,719   4,090,737     4,554,183    4,197,756
 Net debt/(liquid assets)                              1,213,635    (1,468,775)    259,074     541,999    1,122,780   1,294,748   1,552,743   1,903,791     2,019,720    1,950,953
 Ordinary shareholders’ equity                         3,944,684    5,548,446     4,233,468   4,481,815   4,470,807   4,634,752   4,797,510   4,519,286     4,682,513    4,735,130

 Other Financial Information
 Depreciation                                           207,275       255,010      242,534     235,346     302,884     323,482     315,426     400,351       428,482       385,622
 Capital expenditure                                    380,161       345,255      744,603     784,562     999,451     848,769     796,720     478,637       618,690       412,901

 Consolidated Financial Ratios/Percentages
 Debt to equity ratio                                       0.65          0.48         0.63        0.64        0.79        0.86        0.85        0.91          0.97         0.89
 Net debt/(cash) to equity ratio                            0.31         (0.26)        0.06        0.12        0.25        0.28        0.32        0.42          0.43         0.41
 Return on average ordinary
      shareholders’ equity (%)                              (9.7)         39.3          3.7         6.8         1.1         5.9         6.0        (4.7)          3.0          2.3
 Accounts payable as a % of revenue                         13.8          12.6         11.8        12.1        14.5        14.5        12.6        13.1          12.4         12.8
 Accounts receivable as a % of revenue                       8.7           7.5          7.8         8.4         8.9         8.8         8.4         9.0           9.9          9.7
 Net asset value per ordinary share (US$)                   6.30          8.87         6.76        7.16        7.14        7.41        7.67        7.22          7.48         7.57


Note:
(1)       The accounting policy on HKAS 12 “Income taxes” was changed in 2012 and the figures prior to 2010 have not been restated to reflect this change.
(2)       The accounting policy on HKAS 19 (Amendment) “Employee Benefits” was changed in 2013 and the figures prior to 2011 have not been restated to
          reflect this change.
(3)       The results of discontinued operation prior to 2017 have not been restated or reclassified.




                                                                                                                            Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2018 187
Corporate Information

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                           BRANCH REGISTRAR                      SOLICITORS
  Mr. Xu Lirong (Chairman)                     Computershare Hong Kong Investor      Conyers Dill & Pearman
  Mr. Huang Xiaowen                            Services Limited                        Clarendon House
   (Chief Executive Officer)                     Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor           2 Church Street
  Mr. Wang Haimin                                Hopewell Centre                       Hamilton HM11
  Mr. Zhang Wei                                  183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai        Bermuda
  Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew                    Hong Kong
                                                                                       and at
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                       LISTING EXCHANGE
  Mr. Yan Jun                                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong         29th Floor, One Exchange Square
  Ms. Wang Dan                                 Limited                                 8 Connaught Place
  Mr. Ip Sing Chi                              Stock Code: 316                         Central
  Ms. Cui Hongqin                                                                      Hong Kong
                                              WEBSITE
INDEPENDENT NON–                               http://www.ooilgroup.com
                                                                                     Ince & Co
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                                                    Suites 4404-10, 44th Floor
  Mr. Chow Philip Yiu Wah                     MAJOR BANKERS                            One Island East
  Professor Wong Yue Chim Richard              Australia and New Zealand Banking       18 Westlands Road, Taikoo Place
  Dr. Chung Shui Ming Timpson                    Group Limited                         Hong Kong
  Mr. Yang Liang Yee Philip                    Bank of America, N.A.
                                                                                     Slaughter and May
  Ms. Chen Ying                                Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                                                        47th Floor, Jardine House
                                               Bank of Communications Company
COMPANY SECRETARY                                                                       One Connaught Place
                                                 Limited
  Ms. Lammy Lee                                                                         Central
                                               China Construction Bank
                                                                                        Hong Kong
                                                 Corporation
AUTHORISED
REPRESENTATIVES                                Citibank, N.A.                       AUDITOR
                                               DBS Bank Limited
  Mr. Tung Lieh Cheung Andrew                                                        PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                               HSBC Holdings plc
  Ms. Lammy Lee                                                                      Certified Public Accountants
                                               Industrial and Commercial Bank
                                                                                       22nd Floor
PRINCIPAL OFFICE                                 of China (Asia) Limited
                                                                                       Prince’s Building
  33rd Floor                                   MUFG Bank, Ltd
                                                                                       Central
  Harbour Centre                               National Australia Bank
                                                                                       Hong Kong
  25 Harbour Road, Wanchai                     Oversea-Chinese Banking
  Hong Kong                                      Corporation Limited
                                               Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
REGISTERED OFFICE                                Company Limited
  Clarendon House                              Société Générale
  2 Church Street                              Standard Chartered Bank
  Hamilton HM11                                  (Hong Kong) Limited
  Bermuda                                      Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank Limited

PRINCIPAL REGISTRAR
  MUFG Fund Services
  (Bermuda) Limited
    The Belvedere Building
    69 Pitts Bay Road
    Pembroke HM08
    Bermuda



    Orient Overseas (International) Limited
188 Annual Report 2018
             Orient Overseas (International) Limited
                         (Incorporated in Bermuda with Limited Liability)

33rd Floor Harbour Centre, 25 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong Telephone: (852) 2833 3888
                                     www.ooilgroup.com



                       Design and Production by: A.Plus Financial Press Limited

              This report is printed on paper in accordance with the standards below
           Acid Free    Lignin Free   Dioxin Free   Biodegradable    ISO9001      ISO14001
