                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited 東方海外（國際）有限公司
東 方 海 外（ 國 際 ）有 限 公 司
  （於百慕達註冊成立之成員有限責任公司）                                                          (Incorporated in Bermuda with members’ limited liability)
       股份代號：0316.HK                                                                              Stock code: 0316.HK



     2024 中期報告                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2024




                          INTERIM REPORT 2024 中期 報 告
Contents
  2    Chairman’s Statement
  4    Management Discussion and Analysis
  9    Other Information
  15   Index – Interim Financial Information
  16   Report on Review of Interim Financial Information
       Interim Financial Information
  17   – Condensed Consolidated Profit and Loss Account
  18   – Condensed Consolidated Statement
           of Comprehensive Income
  19   – Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet
  21   – Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
  22   – Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
  23   – Notes to the Interim Financial Information




                  Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024   1
Chairman’s Statement
I am pleased to report that, Orient Overseas (International) Limited (“OOIL”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) achieved a profit
attributable to shareholders of US$833.3 million for the six-month period ended 30th June 2024 (2023: US$1,128.7 million), Group
EBITDA of US$1,277.3 million (2023: US$1,569.0 million) and an EBITDA margin of 27.5% (2023: 34.6%), which is higher than the
Group’s historical level of interim results prior to the pandemic. The profit per ordinary share for the first half of 2024 was US$1.26,
compared to US$1.71 in the first half of 2023.

The Board of Directors is pleased to announce an interim dividend of US$0.63 per ordinary share (2023: interim dividend of US$0.69
per ordinary share and special dividend of US$0.17 per ordinary share).

Towards the end of 2023, the sudden incident around the Red Sea ended the hovering low market levels, and the market rebounded
sharply as we entered the traditional peak season. There was a short quiet season just right after 2024 Chinese New Year, where we saw
delivery of many new ships and the oversupply resulted in downward pressure. Eventually, concerns over supply chain disruption and
continuously strong demand again resulted in rebound for most routes, and repeatedly breaking new Shanghai Containerised Freight
Index records since 2023.

The recent supply chain disruptions were primarily due to the ongoing situation in the Red Sea. In order to maintain schedule
reliability, the additional distance to circumnavigate through the Cape of Good Hope instead of going through the Red Sea meant that
liners had to deploy additional capacity. Other factors such as poor weather, backlog of cargo, arrival of delayed vessels together and
surge in the transshipment volume, resulted in different level of congestions at some ports, which have made more capacity stuck there.
All these in some ways provide an explanation for why effective supply remains low despite the rapid increase in nominal capacity.
New supply chain risk management requirements and geopolitical factors have reshaped existing trade patterns, that brings the need
to further optimise our network to cater emerging markets such as India, Vietnam, and Latin America, which in turn brings new
challenges on supply chain management.

On the demand side, the US economy showed resilience and the European economy has also been recovering. Unlike the first half of
2023 where consumption was primarily on services, we saw consumers were more willing to buy goods in 2024, the positive sentiment
resulted in importers raising their import expectations. At the same time, retailers are still concerned about delivery delays caused by
supply chain disruption, so they have refined their inventory management strategy to adopt a more Just-In-Case approach instead of
Just-In-Time approach to ensure the goods arrive in-time for peak season sales. This resulted in a surge of shipments during the second
quarter.

The combined effects of a strong demand and tight supply have driven freight rates to even higher levels, not only were Asia/Europe
and Trans-Pacific routes impacted but the impacts were felt on other routes as well. It is worth mentioning that the favourable rate
environment on some routes has inevitably attracted existing operators to deploy more capacity, but also attracted new entrants, further
intensifying the competition.

Our robust financial position continues to be ever better in the current market boom, with the Group’s 3rd highest interim revenue and
operating cash flow, all our newbuilds continue to be paid by our cash on hand. The Group didn’t raise any new loans and have further
reduced our remaining financings. The Group’s liability-to-asset ratio decreased to 26%, compared to 28% at the end of 2023 and 33%
at the end of 2022.

I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to all of the Group’s employees, especially our crews, for having the “We
Take It Personally” spirit in responding to situation in the Red Sea, which reaffirms the Group’s “People People People” core values and
our staff ’s professionalism and competency to the industry and all stakeholders.

During the booming market, we continue to uphold our “Customer Focus” concept. While continuing to provide high-quality service,
we will further strengthen online and offline customer interaction, optimise contingency measures for any possible disruptions to
improve customer experience.

The Dual Brand strategy continues to play a pivotal role, not only in dealing the Red Sea disruption and port congestions where we
realised cost minimisation and efficiency gain through synergies, but also in emerging market and niche market, in the form of the
Dual Brand and Ocean Alliance, allowing us to rapidly extend our network and to better serve our customers. We believe that OOCL
will continue to achieve greater results under this strategy.




2           Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                              Chairman’s Statement


The Group has made tremendous progress in sustainability, not only to continue to be a constituent on a number of Environmental,
Social and Governance (ESG) indexes, but was once again named “Best Green Shipping Line” at the Asian Freight, Logistics & Supply
Chain Awards and listed in S&P Global’s Sustainability Yearbook (China Edition) 2024 with the rating as “Top 1% S&P Global CSA
Score (Chinese Corporate)” in the industry. All the above are recognitions of the Group’s outstanding performance in ESG over the
years, and for now, the Group has just joined hands with customers to kick-start low-carbon shipping with the aim to reduce our
carbon footprint alongside with our customers, not only is it a milestone in the Group’s decarbonisation journey, but also a motivation
for us to move towards a sustainable future together with our customers.

Looking ahead, although rates are still relatively high at the moment, uncertainty remains the norm. How long will such demand
dynamic be maintained can be one of the key factors that significantly influence the market’s short and long-term expectations,
economic trends and trade patterns can also impact the market to various extents. On the other hand, lessons from the pandemic and
Red Sea incident have taught us that the supply chains are very susceptible to geopolitical risks. As new ships continue to be delivered,
capacity remains a key concern for the market, and the situation of the Red Sea will continue to be a dominant factor on it. Other
regional factors shouldn’t be ignored also, such as the US East Coast labour discussions as how it develops may affect the entire supply
chain.

At the same time, we also saw that the number of idle, drydocked and scrapped vessels remained at historically low levels during this
reporting period, and it remains to be seen whether the impact of stricter environmental regulations on existing conventional fuel
vessels. These may offset excess capacity to some extent.

All of these factors are intertwined and together affect the future trend of the container shipping market, bringing us both challenges
and opportunities.

At the time of writing, our vessels are fully loaded on major long-haul routes, and will remain so in the coming weeks, which is as
expected for this time of year. Very recently, the increase in freight rates of different routes have started to level out, but current rates are
still at a comparatively high level when compared with the same period of the previous year. The volatile nature of the market reminds
us to remain cautious.

As a member of the COSCO SHIPPING Group, OOCL and COSCO SHIPPING Lines will continue to work hard to be within the top
echelon of the container shipping industry. In order to help OOCL and the industry gradually achieve ESG goals, OOCL will grow our
fleet and explore new businesses in a measured and intelligent way, build a stable end-to-end supply chain by leveraging advanced and
green technologies. As a Vital Link to World Trade, we are always ready.




Wan Min
Chairman

Hong Kong, China, 22nd August 2024




                                                                    Orient Overseas (International) Limited    Interim Report 2024             3
Management Discussion and Analysis

RESULTS
For the first six months of 2024, Orient Overseas (International) Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) recorded a profit
attributable to equity holders of US$833.3 million compared to US$1,128.7 million for the corresponding period of 2023.


                                              OOIL INTERIM RESULTS ANALYSIS


    US$’000                                                                                                     2024             2023
    Profit/(Loss) Before Taxation by Activity:
      Container Transport and Logistics                                                                     868,115         1,127,790
      Other Activities                                                                                      (37,585)           (3,605)

    Profit Before Taxation                                                                                  830,530         1,124,185
    Taxation                                                                                                  3,525             5,212

    Profit for the Period Ended 30th June                                                                   834,055         1,129,397
    Non-Controlling Interests                                                                                  (778)             (664)

    Profit Attributable to Equity Holders                                                                   833,277         1,128,733

Results of the Group’s operations arise from its business of container transportation and logistics conducted through the “OOCL”
brand, augmented by earnings from the Group’s liquidity management and investment activities at holding company level.


CONTAINER TRANSPORT
OOCL’s total liftings for the first half of 2024 increased by 2% and total revenues increased by 2% year on year.

Even though there was a record high delivery of new vessels in the market, the additional capacity from the delivery of new vessels
up until this point had been partially absorbed by the market since vessels had to be diverted via the Cape of Good Hope due to the
situation in the Red Sea. Customers in general were also concerned about the potential delay of their supply chain for their seasonally
sensitive goods which resulted in an earlier peak season than the normal years prior to the pandemic. Other factors that further
strained effective supply included shortage of container boxes as well as port congestions, the better-than-expected market recovery
also contributed a lot. Despite the challenges, we were able to do more business during the reporting period and achieved the 3rd
highest interim revenue in the Group’s history.


Trans-Pacific Trade
During the first half of 2024, the Trans-Pacific trade performed relatively better than the same period last year which was partly due
to the ongoing situation in the Red Sea. The tight supply chain also added upward pressure to the freight rate on this trade. Moreover,
our new vessels have been continuously delivered as scheduled, which enabled us to have greater flexibility in our route planning and
add new services to cater to customers’ demands. From the demand side, the US economy continued to show resilience and increased
consumer spendings despite concerns over a high interest and inflation rate environment. Retailers in general still worried about
disruptions impacting their supply chains and have therefore continued to manage their inventory in a Just-in-case rather than Just-in-
time manner by frontloading goods so that seasonally sensitive goods would still arrive at their warehouses on time, if not earlier than
normal years.

Despite the favorable market conditions, the Trans-Pacific services remained competitive as new smaller competitors have taken the
opportunity to also compete in the Trans-Pacific market. Rates had been on a steady upward trend since the beginning of the year, with
a slight dip during Chinese New Year Holiday and picked up again shortly afterwards during the first six months.

Total Trans-Pacific liftings increased by 5% compared to the same period in 2023, while revenue increased by 28% resulting in revenue
per TEU being 22% higher this period. Specifically on the Trans-Pacific headhaul, liftings for the first half of 2024 saw an increase of
11% compared to the same period last year and revenue increased by 48% and revenue per TEU rose by 33%.




4             Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis


Asia/Europe Trade
Asia/Europe trade was undoubtedly directly affected by the disruption in the Red Sea, where vessels voyage lengths increased
drastically which reduced effective supply and schedule reliability even though more vessels deployed in the route. This resulted in
a substantial rise in freight rates, especially for the headhaul. The new 24,188 TEU mega vessels that we took delivery of continue to
operate in the Asia/Europe trade, which play a significant role in maintaining the services, catering customer demand and minimising
costs that is in contrast to the higher charter rate during the recent pickup.

Due to the reduction of effective capacity, total liftings for the Asia/Europe trade decreased by 13% for the first half of 2024 compared
to the same period last year. Revenue on the other hand increased by 8%, resulting in revenue per TEU being 24% higher. For the Asia/
Europe headhaul in particular, liftings during the first half of 2024 only fell by 11% when compared to the first half of 2023, but revenue
and revenue per TEU increased by 37% and 54% respectively.


Trans-Atlantic Trade
Liftings for Trans-Atlantic for the first half of 2024 fell by 3% compared to the same period last year, with the lower volumes due to the
adjustment of deployed capacity. Revenue and revenue per TEU dropped by 44% and 42% respectively due to downward pressure in
rates from a comparatively less favourable operating environment.


Intra-Asia/Australasia Trade
Overall liftings improved by 9% on Intra-Asia (including Australasia) trades for the first half of 2024 as compared to the same period
last year due to overall increase in capacity and higher levels of demand. Despite the growth in liftings, the general market landscape for
Intra-Asia during most of the first half of 2024 was pretty much a continuation of the downward trend that started in 2023. It was only
until May of this year that we started to see a recovery of rates. Contracts that were negotiated earlier in the year occurred before the
recovery of rates, which were lower than rates from the year before when there was still a decent demand. As a result, overall revenues
fell by 8% and the revenue per TEU dropped by 15%.


Bunker Cost
The average price of bunker recorded by OOCL in the first half of 2024 was US$589 per ton, compared to US$609 per ton for the
corresponding period in 2023. Although the bunker price fell slightly by 3%, the total bunker cost increased by 13% as fuel oil and
diesel consumption increased by 17% in the first half of 2024 compared to the corresponding period in 2023. The increase in bunker
consumption is attributed to the vessels sailing in the Asia-Europe trade being re-routed to the Cape of Good Hope due to the situation
in the Red Sea which began towards the end of 2023.

The fluctuating bunker price is a reflection of market uncertainties surrounding the recovery and global supply instability. Factors such
as geopolitical conflicts and sanctions have disrupted market demand, while the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries
(OPEC) production cut plan plays a crucial role in determining the supply tightness.


LOGISTICS
For the first half of 2024, OOCL Logistics revenue and contribution witnessed steady increment as compared with the same period last
year.

The revenue of the International Business Units presented healthy growth due to the growing demand and exploring new market of
international logistics services. While freight forwarding and domestic logistics continued to face fierce competition, the business units
still managed to maintain stable revenue.

Despite the fact that the market is facing various uncertainties including geopolitical tension, an uncertain economic outlook, and other
potential operational disruptions, we are seeing a shift of business demand in geo-location and supply chain services. OOCL Logistics
continues to deploy our resources in supporting our customer’s diversified sourcing origins and to enhance supply chain resilience.

Digitisation and visibility continue to be a major focus for large customers in addition to traditional logistics. OOCL Logistics develops
in partnership with major shipping lines to maximise synergy, with a focus on end-to-end service beyond sea transportation to serve
our customer’s needs and increasing their competitive advantages.



                                                                 Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024           5
Management Discussion and Analysis


VESSELS
In the first half of 2024, the Group took delivery of the seventh to eleventh 24,188 TEU new-build vessels from Nantong COSCO KHI
Ship Engineering Co., Ltd. (NACKS) and Dalian COSCO KHI Ship Engineering Co., Ltd. (DACKS) respectively. Two vessels delivered
from NACKS are named OOCL Valencia and OOCL Sweden ; and three vessels delivered from DACKS are named OOCL Abu Dhabi ,
OOCL Finland and OOCL Denmark . The remaining one new building of same series will be delivered in the third quarter of 2024.

For ten 16,000 TEU container vessels we placed order in year 2021, they will be delivered from 2024 fourth quarter to 2025 fourth
quarter. And for the seven 24,000 TEU methanol compatible container vessels we ordered from NACKS in year 2022, they will be
delivered from 2026 third quarter to 2028 second quarter.

No orders for new buildings were placed in the first half of 2024.


OTHER ACTIVITIES
The other activities of the Group consist of property investments and other investing activities. The latter includes a centralised
treasury department that manages the Group’s liquidity and investments. The Group’s property investments being its long-standing
ownership of Wall Street Plaza. Based on an independent valuation as at 30th June 2024, Wall Street Plaza was re-valued downwards by
US$50.0 million, reflecting an assessed market value of US$200.0 million. As at 31st December 2023, Wall Street Plaza was valued at
US$250.0 million.

The investment in Wall Street Plaza is historical in nature and the Group currently has no intention of further investment in property
other than as may arise in relation to the operation of our container transport and logistics business.


LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
As at 30th June 2024, the Group had cash and bank balances amounting to US$6.7 billion and total indebtedness of US$1.3 billion. Net
cash as at 30th June 2024 was therefore US$5.4 billion, compared to a net cash of US$5.3 billion in 2023 year-end.

The indebtedness of the Group comprises lease liabilities which are mainly denominated in US dollar. The Group’s debts are monitored
to ensure a smooth repayment schedule to maturity. The profile of the Group’s lease liabilities is set out in Note 17 to the Financial
Information.

The cash and bank balances of the Group are predominantly cash deposits placed with a variety of banks and with tenors ranging from
overnight to up to 1 year. We review the list of approved banks and the exposure limits of each bank on a regular basis.

Given the inherently volatile nature of shipping industry earnings and the fluctuations of its asset values, the Group maintains a portion
of its liquidity reserves in a portfolio of longer tenor investments. The Group’s investment portfolio of US$61.9 million as at 30th June
2024 is predominantly comprised of investment grade bonds.


CURRENCY EXPOSURE AND RELATED HEDGES
The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures, primarily with
respect to fluctuation in the exchange rates of foreign currencies to the US dollar. Income and expenses from container transport and
logistics activities are mainly denominated in US dollar and in various currencies, mainly including Australian dollar, Canadian dollar,
Euro, Japanese yen and Renminbi.


EMPLOYEE INFORMATION
As at 30th June 2024, the Group had 11,444 full-time employees. Salary and benefit levels are maintained at competitive levels
and employees are rewarded on a performance-related basis within the general policy and framework of the Group’s salary and
discretionary bonus schemes. These schemes, based on the performance of the Company and individual employees, are regularly
reviewed. Other benefits are also provided including medical insurance and retirement funds. In support of the continuous
development of individual employees, training and development programmes are offered for different levels of employee. Social and
recreational activities are arranged for our employees around the world.




6           Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis


SAFETY, SECURITY AND ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
Our Group consistently maintains the highest safety and security standards as they remain a top priority in our business operations for
our people, cargo, ships and facilities, both onshore and at sea.

The Group’s Corporate Security Policy guides our company in the prevention and suppression of security threats against international
supply chain operations. We are not only committed to complying with rules and regulations such as the International Ship and Port
Facility Security (ISPS) Code, but also to doing much more by embracing many other industry best practices and voluntary initiatives.
We actively collaborate with various governments and relevant authorities around the world as part of our efforts against activities that
might impinge upon maritime or cargo security. For example, we participate in various national security programmes including the
Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism (C-TPAT) and the Authorised Economic Operator (AEO) initiatives.

In addition, our Global Data Centre maintains ISO 27001 certification in order to provide our customers and partners with quality and
secure information that is in accordance with international standards on information security management.

To ensure everyone takes part in protecting our assets and becomes more resilient against cyber-attacks, we have developed new
programmes and initiatives such as monthly knowledge and trend updates, annual cyber security training and mandatory tests for all
employees, sophisticated monitoring and protective systems, as well as conducting awareness exercises focusing on various aspects of
this subject.

OOCL signed the Gulf of Guinea Declaration on Suppression of Piracy, demanding that no seafarer should face the grave risks
of kidnapping and violence when working in the Gulf of Guinea. We recognise the important steps taken and positive initiatives
underway by coastal States in the region. We urge stakeholders to sign this pledge and join together in a coalition to end the threat of
piracy in the Gulf of Guinea.

The Group also recognises that businesses must take responsibility for their industry’s effects on the environment. In our commitment
to further build on our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) profile, we continue to engage in the United Nations’ Sustainable
Development Goals (SDG) across our business strategies, operation, and corporate culture. We are committed to supporting the Ten
Principles of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) that sets out fundamental responsibilities in areas such as human rights,
labour, environment and anticorruption to tackle global environmental and social challenges. OOCL is also a member of the Maritime
Anti-Corruption Network (MACN), which aims to work within the industry to eliminate all forms of maritime corruption and foster
fair trade practices through collective initiatives.

OOCL is dedicated to environmental protection and committed to data integrity standards. Each year, OOCL ensures that such
standards are consistent and upheld by certifying our environmental data through independent business assurance service providers.
Accredited by Lloyd’s Register Quality Assurance (LRQA), OOCL has achieved excellent reporting standards through the use of
the Clean Cargo Working Group (CCWG) verification tool. Our Group Sustainability Report is published on an annual basis and it
covers the significant environmental, economic and social aspects of the business arising from the principal activities of OOIL and
its subsidiaries. To continue with our commitment in aligning with international sustainability guidelines and principles, the report
is prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards and based on the reporting
principles of materiality, quantitative, consistency and balance, which have been set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance
(ESG) Reporting Guide on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, Appendix C2 of Main Board Listing Rules. The report also
refers to the Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) to disclose how the Group manages
climate-related risks and opportunities. Besides, The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong has published an ESG consultation paper to further
align the existing reporting standard with the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) Adoption Guide. We are closely
monitoring the status of the new climate-related disclosure requirements and are fully prepared for upcoming compliance needs.

Our report has been assured by the independent business assurance service provider, LRQA with respect to the extent of its coverage
and information provided with reference to our adopted reporting standards. In doing so, this demonstrates our commitment to high
standards in governance, credibility and transparency.




                                                                Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024          7
Management Discussion and Analysis


We are very pleased to have been recognised for our consistent and sustained efforts in environmental protection initiatives, safety
management and community engagement. In recognition of our achievements, OOCL continues to achieve one of the best records for
the Green Flag Program, achieving full voluntary compliance in vessel speed reduction for our vessels. This initiative, organised by the
Port of Long Beach and Port of Los Angeles in the United States, encourages vessels to reduce their speed within specific zones near the
port, cutting air pollution such as smog-forming nitrogen oxides and greenhouse gases. OOCL also continued to receive “2024 Asian
Freight, Logistics and Supply Chain (AFLAS) Awards - Best Green Shipping Line”, which was voted by more than 15,000 voters from
freight and logistics companies as well as clients from Asia Pacific region. It demonstrated the market recognition of OOCL’s efforts and
resolute commitment to achieving environmental excellence and sustainability. Through our memberships with environment-focused
organisations such as the Clean Cargo and Global Logistics Emissions Council under Smart Freight Centre, the World Shipping
Council, and the Business Environment Council, we are committed to doing our part in addressing climate change and environmental
protection issues in countries and regions in which we operate.

OOIL was selected by Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) to become a constituent of Dow Jones Sustainability Asia/Pacific Index
(DJSI Asia/Pacific). The stock of OOIL has also been included in the FTSE4Good Index Series and five sustainability-related Hang
Seng Indexes (HSI), namely Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index (HSSUS), Hang Seng ESG 50 Index, HSI ESG Enhanced Index,
HSI ESG Enhanced Select Index and Hang Seng Climate Change 1.5℃ Target Index. The inclusion is a strong testament to the Group’s
commitments in ESG and sustainability.

As part of our sustainability efforts in environmental and wildlife protection, OOCL participated in the Protecting Blue Whales and
Blue Skies Program – a Vessel Speed Reduction (VSR) incentive programme that aims to reduce air pollution, fatal ship strikes on
whales, and underwater noise, in the San Francisco Bay and Southern California regions. OOCL also participated in the Enhancing
Cetacean Habitat and Observation (ECHO) Program to study how to reduce the cumulative effects of shipping on at-risk whales
throughout the southern coast of British Columbia in Canada. By creating seasonal and predictable slow speed zones, the programmes
help protect endangered whales, reduce fuel use and regional greenhouse gas emissions, and improve air quality and human health
outcomes.

To maintain business process and ensure business integrity during periods when the Company’s system applications or offices cannot
be accessed due to exceptional events such as natural disasters, Business Continuity Plans (BCP) are in place for all regions in which we
operate. Each local BCP is customised according to the possible natural disasters or severe incidences that might happen in the area. All
local BCPs are reviewed periodically and updated upon external changes that could create a huge impact on our office.




8           Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                         Other Information

INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) is pleased to announce an interim dividend of US$0.63 (HK$4.914 at the
exchange rate of US$1: HK$7.8) per ordinary share for the six months ended 30th June 2024 to be paid on 16th October 2024 to the
shareholders of the Company whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 11th September 2024. Shareholders,
who wish to change their currency election for the interim dividend, should complete the dividend election form (the currency elected
shall apply to all (but not part) of the dividend) and return it to the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar, Computershare
Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (the “Branch Share Registrar”) at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai,
Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 3rd October 2024.


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
The register of members of the Company will be closed from 9th September 2024 to 11th September 2024, both days inclusive,
during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. To qualify for the interim dividend, all share transfer documents must be
accompanied with the relevant share certificates and lodged with the Branch Share Registrar at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell
Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on 6th September 2024.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS
As at 30th June 2024, the issued share capital of the Company consisted of 660,373,297 ordinary shares (the “Shares”). The interests
and short positions of the Directors and the Chief Executive of the Company in the shares, the underlying shares and the debentures
of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”))
as at 30th June 2024, as recorded in the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to
the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to the Model Code for Securities
Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) contained in Appendix C3 to the Rules Governing the Listing of
Securities on The Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”), were as follows:

(a) Interests and short positions in the Shares, the underlying Shares and the debentures of the Company:

     Nil.




                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024         9
Other Information


(b) Interests and short positions in the shares of the associated corporations of the Company:

                                                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                                                                          percentage of
                                                                                                                                             total issued
                                                                                               Number of                                   share capital
                                                                                                 ordinary                                     of relevant
                                                                                            shares held as              Number           class of shares
      Name of associated                    Name of                                              personal              of shares          of associated
      corporation                           Director                 Capacity                     interest            interested            corporation
      COSCO SHIPPING                        WAN Min                  Beneficial owner              200,000              200,000               0.00544%
       Development Co., Ltd.                                                                     (H shares)           (H shares)               (Note 1)

                                                                     Interest of spouse                    –               2,000              0.00002%
                                                                                                                      (A shares)               (Note 1)

      COSCO SHIPPING                        WAN Min                  Beneficial owner               329,437              329,437              0.00897%
       Ports Limited                                                                                                                           (Note 2)

     Notes:

     (1)      The shareholding percentage was calculated on the basis of 3,676,000,000 H shares and 9,899,938,612 A shares of COSCO SHIPPING Development
              Co., Ltd. in issue as at 30th June 2024 (as the case may be).

     (2)      The shareholding percentage was calculated on the basis of 3,672,260,399 shares of COSCO SHIPPING Ports Limited in issue as at 30th June 2024.

(c) Interests and short positions in the underlying shares and the debentures of the associated corporations of the Company:

     Nil.

Save as disclosed above, as at 30th June 2024, none of the Directors or the Chief Executive of the Company had any interest or short
position in the shares, the underlying shares and the debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the
meaning of the SFO) which were required to be (a) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of
Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO);
or (b) entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO; or (c) notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




10             Orient Overseas (International) Limited       Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                                              Other Information


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS
As at 30th June 2024, the following persons (other than the Directors or the Chief Executive of the Company) had an interest or short
position in the Shares and the underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2
and 3 of Part XV of the SFO as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                       Number of Shares interested
     Name of substantial shareholder                           Capacity                                           (Long position)                Percentage
     Faulkner Global Holdings Limited                          Beneficial owner                                             469,344,972              71.07%

     COSCO SHIPPING Holdings (Hong Kong)                       Interest of controlled corporation                           469,344,972              71.07%
      Limited                                                                                                                  (Note 1)

     COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd.                         Interest of controlled corporation                           469,344,972              71.07%
                                                                                                                               (Note 2)

     China Ocean Shipping Company Limited                      Interest of controlled corporation                           469,344,972              71.07%
                                                                                                                               (Note 3)

     China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation                          Interest of controlled corporation                           469,344,972              71.07%
      Limited                                                                                                             (Notes 3 & 4)

     Shanghai Port Group (BVI) Development                     Beneficial owner                                              59,880,536                9.06%
       Co., Limited

     Shanghai International Port Group (HK)                    Interest of controlled corporation                            59,880,536                9.06%
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                               (Note 5)

     Shanghai International Port (Group)                       Interest of controlled corporation                            59,880,536                9.06%
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                               (Note 6)

Notes:

1.       COSCO SHIPPING Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited (“COSCO SHIPPING HK”) held 100% of the shares of Faulkner Global Holdings Limited
         (“Faulkner”) and, accordingly, had an indirect interest in the same Shares in which Faulkner had an interest.

2.       COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd. (“COSCO SHIPPING Holdings”) held 100% of the shares of COSCO SHIPPING HK and, accordingly, had an
         indirect interest in the same Shares in which COSCO SHIPPING HK had an interest.

3.       China Ocean Shipping Company Limited (“China Ocean Shipping”) held 37.12% of the shares of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings and, accordingly, had an
         indirect interest in the same Shares in which COSCO SHIPPING Holdings had an interest. China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation Limited (“COSCO
         SHIPPING”) held 43.91% of the shares of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings by itself and its subsidiaries. Both China Ocean Shipping and COSCO SHIPPING
         are state-owned enterprises established in the People’s Republic of China.

4.       COSCO SHIPPING held 100% of the shares of China Ocean Shipping and, accordingly, had an indirect interest in the same Shares in which China Ocean
         Shipping had an interest.

5.       Shanghai International Port Group (HK) Co., Ltd. (“SIPG HK”) held 100% of the shares of Shanghai Port Group (BVI) Development Co., Limited (“SIPG
         BVI”) and, accordingly, had an indirect interest in the same Shares in which SIPG BVI had an interest.

6.       Shanghai International Port (Group) Co., Ltd. (“SIPG”) held 100% of the shares of SIPG HK and, accordingly, had an indirect interest in the same Shares
         in which SIPG HK had an interest.




                                                                            Orient Overseas (International) Limited        Interim Report 2024              11
Other Information


The directorships and positions held by the Directors of the Company in the companies disclosed above as at the date of this interim
report are set out below:

(1) Mr. WAN Min is the chairman of the board and the Party Secretary of COSCO SHIPPING, and the chairman of the board and an
    executive director of China Ocean Shipping and COSCO SHIPPING Holdings.

(2) Mr. CHEN Yangfan is the executive vice president and a Party Committee member of COSCO SHIPPING, and the vice chairman
    of the board and an executive director of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings.

(3) Mr. TAO Weidong is an executive director and the general manager of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings.

(4) Mr. GU Jinshan is the chairman of the board and the Party Secretary of SIPG.

Save as disclosed above, as at 30th June 2024, the Company had not been notified by any person (other than the Directors or the Chief
Executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or the underlying Shares which were required to be
disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries was a party to any arrangement enabling the Directors of the Company to acquire
benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate at any time during the
six-month period ended 30th June 2024.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES
During the six-month period ended 30th June 2024, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed
any of the Company’s Shares.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
No pre-emptive rights exist under Bermuda law in relation to the issue of new shares by the Company.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
The Board and the management of the Company are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance. The Company
considers that effective corporate governance makes an important contribution to corporate success and to the enhancement of
shareholder value.

The Company has adopted its own corporate governance code (the “CG Code”), which in addition to applying the principles as set out
in the Corporate Governance Code (the “SEHK Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules, also incorporates and conforms
to local and international best practices. The CG Code sets out the corporate governance principles applied by the Company and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”) and is constantly reviewed to ensure its transparency, accountability and independence.

Throughout the period from 1st January 2024 to 30th June 2024, the Company complied with the SEHK Code, save for two
recommended best practices, as described below:

•    the remuneration of senior management of the Group was disclosed by bands, not on an individual basis

•    quarterly operational results, instead of quarterly financial results, were announced and published




12         Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                            Other Information


Securities Transactions by Directors
The Company has adopted its own code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors on terms no less exacting than the
required standard set out in the Model Code contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules.

All Directors of the Company have confirmed, following specific enquiry by the Company, that they had fully complied with the
required standards set out in both the Company’s own code and the Model Code throughout the period from 1st January 2024 to
30th June 2024.


Changes in Composition of the Board and the Board Committees
The changes in composition of the Board and the Board Committees are set out below:

Mr. YANG Zhijian resigned as an Executive Director and ceased as a member of the Executive Committee, the Inside Information
Committee, the Risk Committee, the Strategic Development Committee and the then Finance Committee of the Company, and
Mr. TAO Weidong was appointed to succeed all positions of Mr. YANG Zhijian in the Company, all with effect from 29th May 2024.

The Sustainability Committee of the Company was established on 1st September 2024. It is comprised of Mr. CHEN Yangfan, who
also serves as the chairman of this committee, Mr. TAO Weidong, Mr. TUNG Lieh Cheung Andrew, Mr. CHOW Philip Yiu Wah,
Dr. CHUNG Shui Ming Timpson, Mr. YANG Liang Yee Philip and Ms. CHEN Ying.

The Finance Committee and the Share Committee of the Company were dissolved on 1st September 2024. Following the dissolution
of these two committees, Dr. CHUNG Shui Ming Timpson ceased as the chairman of the Finance Committee, Mr. TAO Weidong and
Mr. TUNG Lieh Cheung Andrew ceased as members of the Finance Committee, Mr. YANG Liang Yee Philip ceased as the chairman
of the Share Committee, and Mr. CHOW Philip Yiu Wah and Ms. CHEN Ying ceased as members of the Finance Committee and the
Share Committee.


Board of Directors
The composition of the Board as at the date of this interim report is set out below:

Executive Directors
Mr. WAN Min (Chairman)
Mr. CHEN Yangfan (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. TAO Weidong

Non-Executive Directors
Mr. TUNG Lieh Cheung Andrew
Mr. GU Jinshan
Ms. WANG Dan
Mr. IP Sing Chi

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. CHOW Philip Yiu Wah
Dr. CHUNG Shui Ming Timpson
Mr. YANG Liang Yee Philip
Ms. CHEN Ying
Mr. SO Gregory Kam Leung




                                                                Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024   13
Other Information


Changes in Directors’ Information
The changes in the information of the Directors since the date of 2023 Annual Report of the Company are set out below
pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules. Full biographies of the Directors are available on the Company’s website
(https://www.ooilgroup.com).

 Name of Director                   Details of change(s)
 TAO Weidong                        Appointed as the general manager of COSCO SHIPPING Holdings (listed public company
                                    in both Shanghai and Hong Kong) and the chairman of the board and the Party Secretary of
                                    COSCO SHIPPING Lines Co., Ltd. on 29th May 2024, and ceased as the general manager of the
                                    operating management division of COSCO SHIPPING in June 2024

 TUNG Lieh Cheung Andrew            Resigned as an independent non-executive director of Cathay Pacific Airways Limited (listed
                                    public company in Hong Kong) on 20th May 2024

 CHUNG Shui Ming Timpson            Retired as an independent non-executive director of China Everbright Limited (listed public
                                    company in Hong Kong) on 23rd May 2024, and ceased as an independent non-executive
                                    director of China Railway Group Limited (listed public company in Shanghai and Hong Kong) on
                                    20th August 2024

 CHEN Ying                          Resigned as an independent director of Pingdingshan Tianan Coal Mining Co., Ltd. (listed
                                    public company in Shanghai) on 3rd June 2024, and appointed as an independent non-executive
                                    director of MMG Limited (listed public company in Hong Kong) on 29th July 2024




14        Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                     Index – Interim Financial Information

Content                                                                                                       Page no.

Report on Review of Interim Financial Information                                                                    16

Condensed Consolidated Profit and Loss Account (Unaudited)                                                           17

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)                                                 18

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet (Unaudited)                                                                     19

Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (Unaudited)                                                               21

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Unaudited)                                                    22

Notes to the Interim Financial Information

1.    General information                                                                                            23

2.    Basis of preparation                                                                                           23

3.    Financial risk management                                                                                      24

4.    Critical accounting estimates and judgements                                                                   25

5.    Revenue                                                                                                        26

6.    Segment information                                                                                            26

7.    Operating profit                                                                                               30

8.    Key management compensation                                                                                    30

9.    Finance costs                                                                                                  30

10.   Taxation                                                                                                       31

11.   Earnings per ordinary share                                                                                    31

12.   Dividends                                                                                                      32

13.   Capital expenditure                                                                                            32

14.   Debtors and prepayments                                                                                        33

15.   Share capital                                                                                                  34

16.   Reserves                                                                                                       34

17.   Lease liabilities                                                                                              34

18.   Provision                                                                                                      35

19.   Creditors and accruals                                                                                         35

20.   Commitments                                                                                                    36

21.   Significant related party transactions                                                                         37




                                                     Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024   15
Report on Review of Interim Financial Information
To the Board of Directors of
Orient Overseas (International) Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


Introduction
We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 17 to 38, which comprises the condensed consolidated balance
sheet of Orient Overseas (International) Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) as at 30th June 2024
and the condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss account, the condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
the condensed consolidated cash flow statement and the condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity for the six-month
period then ended, and selected explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions
thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of this interim financial information
in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on
this interim financial information based on our review and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our
agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person
for the contents of this report.


Scope of Review
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, “Review of Interim Financial
Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting
matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in
accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become
aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


Conclusion
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information of the Group is
not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 22nd August 2024




16          Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024
Condensed Consolidated Profit and Loss Account (Unaudited)
                                                                                                  For the six months ended 30th June 2024



 US$’000                                                                                   Note                  2024                 2023
 Revenue                                                                                   5, 6              4,645,576            4,540,681
 Operating costs                                                                                            (3,731,322)          (3,637,879)

 Gross profit                                                                                                  914,254             902,802
 Other operating income                                                                                        194,257             289,853
 Business and administrative expenses                                                                         (236,013)            (68,903)
 (Provision for)/reversal of impairment losses on financial assets, net                                         (6,995)             14,763
 Other losses, net                                                                                             (30,588)             (4,216)

 Operating profit                                                                           7                 834,915            1,134,299
 Finance costs                                                                              9                  (9,976)             (15,732)
 Share of profits of joint ventures                                                                             2,524                2,091
 Share of profits of associated companies                                                                       3,067                3,527

 Profit before taxation                                                                                       830,530            1,124,185
 Taxation                                                                                   10                  3,525                5,212

 Profit for the period                                                                                        834,055            1,129,397

 Profit attributable to:
 Equity holders of the Company                                                                                833,277            1,128,733
 Non-controlling interests                                                                                        778                  664

                                                                                                              834,055            1,129,397

 Earnings per ordinary share (US$)                                                          11
 Basic and diluted                                                                                                1.26                 1.71




The notes on pages 23 to 38 form an integral part of this interim financial information.

                                                                Orient Overseas (International) Limited    Interim Report 2024            17
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)
For the six months ended 30th June 2024



 US$’000                                                                                           2024         2023
 Profit for the period                                                                           834,055    1,129,397

 Other comprehensive loss:
 Item that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss:
 Remeasurement gains/(losses) on defined benefit schemes                                           2,349        (624)

 Items that have been reclassified or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
 Currency translation adjustments
    Subsidiaries                                                                                  (3,073)    (14,876)
    Joint ventures                                                                                  (142)       (265)
    Associated companies                                                                            (550)     (3,339)

 Total amount that has been reclassified or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss    (3,765)    (18,480)

 Other comprehensive loss for the period, net of tax                                              (1,416)    (19,104)

 Total comprehensive income for the period                                                       832,639    1,110,293

 Total comprehensive income attributable to:
 Equity holders of the Company                                                                   832,088    1,109,569
 Non-controlling interests                                                                           551          724

                                                                                                 832,639    1,110,293




The notes on pages 23 to 38 form an integral part of this interim financial information.

18          Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024
      Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                 As at 30th June 2024



                                                                                                        30th June    31st December
US$’000                                                                               Note                   2024             2023

ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                                          13               6,328,026             5,607,991
Right-of-use assets                                                                    13               1,686,032             1,861,705
Investment property                                                                    13                 200,000               250,000
Investments in joint ventures and associated companies                                                    101,314                98,305
Intangible assets                                                                      13                   6,014                 7,679
Deferred taxation assets                                                                                   20,574                14,903
Pension and retirement assets                                                                              15,796                13,490
Restricted bank balances                                                                                      294                   296
Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                   34                    34
Investments at amortised cost                                                                              52,907                52,926
Other non-current assets                                                                                    9,996                11,516

                                                                                                        8,420,987             7,918,845

Current assets
Inventories                                                                                               195,052               197,186
Debtors and prepayments                                                                14                 834,383               743,212
Portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss                                                  9,032                13,413
Tax recoverable                                                                                             9,337                10,794
Restricted bank balances                                                                                    3,632                 3,547
Cash and bank balances                                                                                  6,685,466             6,722,188

                                                                                                        7,736,902             7,690,340

Total assets                                                                                           16,157,889            15,609,185

EQUITY
Equity holders
Share capital                                                                          15                  66,037                66,037
Reserves                                                                               16              11,853,633            11,141,059

                                                                                                       11,919,670            11,207,096
Non-controlling interests                                                                                   3,818                 3,267

Total equity                                                                                           11,923,488            11,210,363




                                                             Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024           19
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet (Unaudited)
As at 30th June 2024



                                                                                                   30th June   31st December
 US$’000                                                                                   Note         2024            2023
 LIABILITIES
 Non-current liabilities
 Lease liabilities                                                                          17      801,648          919,370
 Deferred taxation liabilities                                                                      177,545          190,718
 Provision                                                                                  18      916,745          916,745

                                                                                                   1,895,938       2,026,833

 Current liabilities
 Creditors and accruals                                                                     19     1,733,899       1,750,516
 Lease liabilities                                                                          17       505,748         518,868
 Current taxation                                                                                     98,816         102,605

                                                                                                   2,338,463       2,371,989

 Total liabilities                                                                                 4,234,401       4,398,822

 Total equity and liabilities                                                                     16,157,889      15,609,185




Wan Min                                                             Tao Weidong
Director                                                            Director




The notes on pages 23 to 38 form an integral part of this interim financial information.

20          Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024
Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (Unaudited)
                                                                                             For the six months ended 30th June 2024



 US$’000                                                                                                       2024                 2023
 Cash flows from operating activities
   Cash generated from operations                                                                         1,001,597              609,152
   Interest and financing charges paid                                                                      (25,794)             (30,911)
   Income tax paid                                                                                          (17,076)             (29,922)

    Net cash from operating activities                                                                      958,727              548,319

 Cash flows from investing activities
   Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                   32,032               16,927
   Redemption on maturity of investments at amortised cost and decrease
     in portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss                                            5,695               25,351
   Purchase of property, plant and equipment and other non-current assets                                  (742,012)            (792,828)
   Decrease/(increase) in restricted bank balances and bank deposits
     maturing more than three months from the date of placement                                           1,556,408            (2,348,820)
   Interest received                                                                                        193,300               286,308
   Movements of other investing activities                                                                      130                 7,833

    Net cash from/(used in) investing activities                                                          1,045,553            (2,805,229)

 Cash flows from financing activities
   Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                          (361,397)             (453,390)
   Dividends paid to equity holders of the Company                                                         (119,528)           (3,011,302)
   Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                                    –                  (325)

    Net cash used in financing activities                                                                  (480,925)           (3,465,017)

 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                     1,523,355            (5,721,927)
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                                         1,129,210             9,463,902
 Currency translation adjustments                                                                            (3,586)              (15,519)

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                                               2,648,979            3,726,456

 Analysis of cash and cash equivalents
   Cash and bank balances                                                                                 6,685,466             7,823,896
   Bank deposits maturing more than three months from the date of placement                              (4,036,487)           (4,097,440)

    Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                                            2,648,979            3,726,456




The notes on pages 23 to 38 form an integral part of this interim financial information.

                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024            21
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Unaudited)
For the six months ended 30th June 2024



                                                                       Equity holders                          Non-
                                                                                                         controlling
 US$’000                                               Share capital         Reserves       Sub-total      interests        Total

 At 1st January 2024                                         66,037         11,141,059     11,207,096         3,267    11,210,363
 Total comprehensive income for the period                        –            832,088        832,088           551       832,639
 Transactions with owners
   Employee share-based compensation                               –                14             14             –            14
   2023 final dividend                                             –           (95,754)       (95,754)            –       (95,754)
   2023 second special dividend                                    –           (23,774)       (23,774)            –       (23,774)

 At 30th June 2024                                           66,037         11,853,633     11,919,670         3,818    11,923,488

 At 1st January 2023                                         66,037         13,369,961     13,435,998         2,900    13,438,898
 Total comprehensive income for the period                        –          1,109,569      1,109,569           724     1,110,293
 Transactions with owners
   Employee share-based compensation                               –               115            115             –           115
   2022 final dividend                                             –        (1,723,574)    (1,723,574)            –    (1,723,574)
   2022 second special dividend                                    –        (1,287,728)    (1,287,728)            –    (1,287,728)
   Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                     –                 –              –          (325)         (325)

 At 30th June 2023                                           66,037         11,468,343     11,534,380         3,299    11,537,679




The notes on pages 23 to 38 form an integral part of this interim financial information.

22          Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024
                            Notes to the Interim Financial Information

1. General information
   Orient Overseas (International) Limited (the “Company”) is a members’ limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The
   address of its registered office is Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda and the principal office is 31st
   Floor, Harbour Centre, 25 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, China.

   The Company has its shares listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

   The ultimate parent company of the Group is China COSCO SHIPPING Corporation Limited (“COSCO SHIPPING”), a
   state-owned enterprise established in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

   This interim financial information is presented in US dollar, unless otherwise stated.

   This interim financial information was approved by the Board of Directors on 22nd August 2024.


2. Basis of preparation
   The interim financial information of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) has been prepared in accordance with Hong
   Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
   Accountants (the “HKICPA”). They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by the revaluation
   of investment property, investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and portfolio investments at fair value
   through profit or loss which are carried at fair value. The interim financial information should be read in conjunction with the
   annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31st December 2023, which have been prepared in accordance with
   Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) issued by the HKICPA.

   The accounting policies and methods of computation used in the preparation of the interim financial information are consistent
   with those used in the annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31st December 2023 except for the adoption of
   amendments to existing standards and interpretation effective for the financial year ending 31st December 2024.


   The adoption of revised standards
   In 2024, the Group adopted the following amendments to existing standards and interpretation, which are relevant to its
   operations.


    Amendments to existing standards and interpretation

    HK Int 5 (Amendment)                                  Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment
                                                            on Demand Clause
    HKAS 1 (Amendment)                                    Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
    HKAS 1 (Amendment)                                    Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
    HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7 (Amendments)                       Supplier Finance Arrangements
    HKFRS 16 (Amendment)                                  Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback

   The adoption of the above amendments to existing standards and interpretation does not have a material impact to the results and
   financial position of the Group.




                                                              Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024     23
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


2. Basis of preparation (Continued)
     New standard and amendments to existing standards and interpretation that are relevant to the Group
     but not yet effective

                                                                                                          Effective for accounting periods
      New standard and amendments to existing standards and interpretation                                           beginning on or after

      HKAS 21 (Amendment)               Lack of Exchangeability                                                            1st January 2025
      HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7               Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments                            1st January 2026
       (Amendments)
      HKFRS 18                          Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements                                1st January 2027
      HK Int 5 (Amendment)              Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that                                 1st January 2027
                                           Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause
      HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28              Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its                         To be announced
       (Amendments)                        Associate or Joint Venture

     The Group has not early adopted the above new standard and amendments to existing standards and interpretation. The adoption
     of the above amendments to existing standards and interpretation is not expected to have a significant effect on the consolidated
     financial statements of the Group, while the Group is in the process of assessing the impact of the new standard on the Group’s
     accounting policies and consolidated financial statements.


3. Financial risk management
     All aspects of the Group’s financial risk management objectives and policies are consistent with those disclosed in the annual
     consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31st December 2023.


     3.1 Fair value estimation
          The financial instruments that are measured in the consolidated balance sheet at fair value, require disclosure of fair value
          measurements by level of the following fair value measurement hierarchy:

          •      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

          •      Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (that
                 is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

          •      Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (level 3).

          The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value at 30th June 2024:


              US$’000                                                                         Level 1            Level 3              Total
              Assets
              Portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss
                Equity securities                                                              9,032                   –              9,032
              Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
                Unlisted equity securities                                                          –                 34                    34

              Total                                                                            9,032                  34              9,066




24            Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                                   Notes to the Interim Financial Information


3. Financial risk management (Continued)
   3.1 Fair value estimation (Continued)
        The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value at 31st December 2023:


            US$’000                                                                     Level 1             Level 3            Total
            Assets
            Portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss
              Equity securities                                                          13,413                   –           13,413
            Investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
              Unlisted equity securities                                                      –                  34              34

            Total                                                                        13,413                  34           13,447

        There were no transfers among levels 1, 2 and 3 during the period.

        Specific valuation techniques used to value level 3 financial instruments include:

        •      Dealer quotes.

        There were no changes in valuation techniques during the period.

        Instruments included in level 3 comprise unlisted equity securities classified as investments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income.

        There were no movements in level 3 instruments during the period.


   3.2 Fair values of financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost

                                                                    Carrying amounts                            Fair values
                                                                  30th June     31st December            30th June     31st December
            US$’000                                                    2024              2023                 2024              2023
            Investments at amortised cost                            52,907              52,926             52,023            51,447

        The fair values of the following financial assets and liabilities approximate their carrying amounts:

        •      Debtors

        •      Cash and bank balances

        •      Restricted bank balances

        •      Other current financial assets

        •      Creditors


4. Critical accounting estimates and judgements
   Estimates and judgements used in preparing the consolidated financial statements are continually evaluated and are based on
   historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the
   circumstances. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results.

   The estimates and assumptions applied in the preparation of the interim financial information are consistent with those used in
   the annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31st December 2023.

                                                              Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024        25
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


5. Revenue
      US$’000                                                                                               2024               2023
      Container transport and logistics                                                                4,634,100          4,528,025
      Others                                                                                              11,476             12,656

                                                                                                       4,645,576          4,540,681

     The principal activities of the Group are container transport and logistics.

     Revenue comprises gross freight income, service and other income from the operation of the container transport and logistics and
     rental income from the investment property.


6. Segment information
     The principal activities of the Group are container transport and logistics. Container transport and logistics include global
     containerised shipping services in major trade lanes, covering Trans-Pacific, Trans-Atlantic, Asia/Europe, Asia/Australia and
     Intra-Asia trades, and integrated services over the management and control of effective storage and flow of goods. In accordance
     with the Group’s internal financial reporting provided to the chief operating decision-makers, who are responsible for allocating
     resources, assessing performance of the operating segments and making strategic decisions, the reportable operating segments are
     container transport and logistics and others. The Executive Directors are the Group’s chief operating decision-makers.


     Operating segments
     The segment results for the six months ended 30th June 2024 are as follows:


                                                                                      Container
                                                                                      transport
      US$’000                                                                       and logistics         Others               Total
      Revenue from contracts with customers:
        Over time                                                                      4,553,214                –         4,553,214
      Revenue from other source                                                           80,886           11,476            92,362

                                                                                       4,634,100          11,476          4,645,576
      Other operating income                                                            185,077            9,180            194,257

                                                                                       4,819,177           20,656          4,839,833

      Operating profit/(loss)                                                           872,500           (37,585)          834,915
      Finance costs                                                                      (9,976)                –            (9,976)
      Share of profits of joint ventures                                                  2,524                 –             2,524
      Share of profits of associated companies                                            3,067                 –             3,067

      Profit/(loss) before taxation                                                     868,115           (37,585)          830,530
      Taxation                                                                          (10,481)           14,006             3,525

      Profit/(loss) for the period                                                       857,634          (23,579)          834,055

      Fair value loss from an investment property                                              –          50,000             50,000
      Additions to non-current assets*                                                 1,003,872               –          1,003,872
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                      204,828               6            204,834
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                229,835               –            229,835
      Amortisation of intangible assets                                                    2,125               –              2,125




26          Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                                                Notes to the Interim Financial Information


6. Segment information (Continued)
   Operating segments (Continued)
   The segment results for the six months ended 30th June 2023 are as follows:


                                                                                                   Container
                                                                                                    transport
       US$’000                                                                                   and logistics                Others                   Total
       Revenue from contracts with customers:
         Over time                                                                                   4,478,364                      –            4,478,364
       Revenue from other source                                                                        49,661                 12,656               62,317

                                                                                                     4,528,025                 12,656            4,540,681
       Other operating income                                                                         287,551                   2,302              289,853

                                                                                                     4,815,576                 14,958             4,830,534

       Operating profit/(loss)                                                                       1,137,904                 (3,605)           1,134,299
       Finance costs                                                                                   (15,732)                     –              (15,732)
       Share of profits of joint ventures                                                                2,091                      –                2,091
       Share of profits of associated companies                                                          3,527                      –                3,527

       Profit/(loss) before taxation                                                                 1,127,790                 (3,605)            1,124,185
       Taxation                                                                                          2,978                  2,234                 5,212

       Profit/(loss) for the period                                                                  1,130,768                 (1,371)            1,129,397

       Fair value loss from an investment property                                                           –                 10,792               10,792
       Additions to non-current assets*                                                                505,625                    793              506,418
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                   189,596                     10              189,606
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                             237,229                      –              237,229
       Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                 2,251                      –                2,251

   *       Additions to non-current assets comprise additions to property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, investment property and intangible assets.




                                                                         Orient Overseas (International) Limited         Interim Report 2024               27
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


6. Segment information (Continued)
     Operating segments (Continued)
     The segment assets and liabilities at 30th June 2024 are as follows:


                                                                                     Container
                                                                                     transport
      US$’000                                                                      and logistics            Others             Group
      Segment assets                                                                 15,491,597            561,962         16,053,559
      Joint ventures                                                                     13,563                  –             13,563
      Associated companies                                                               90,767                  –             90,767

      Total assets                                                                   15,595,927            561,962         16,157,889

      Segment liabilities                                                            (4,116,776)          (117,625)        (4,234,401)

     The segment assets and liabilities at 31st December 2023 are as follows:


                                                                                      Container
                                                                                       transport
      US$’000                                                                       and logistics           Others             Group
      Segment assets                                                                 14,904,964            605,731         15,510,695
      Joint ventures                                                                     10,091                  –             10,091
      Associated companies                                                               88,399                  –             88,399

      Total assets                                                                   15,003,454            605,731         15,609,185

      Segment liabilities                                                             (4,264,996)         (133,826)        (4,398,822)

     The segment of “Others” primarily includes assets and liabilities of property investment and corporate level activities. Assets
     under the segment of “Others” consist primarily of investment property, investments at amortised cost, portfolio investments at
     fair value through profit or loss together with cash and bank balances related to property investment activities. Liabilities under
     the segment of “Others” primarily include creditors and accruals and deferred taxation liabilities related to property investment
     and corporate level activities.




28          Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                                               Notes to the Interim Financial Information


6. Segment information (Continued)
   Geographical information
   The Group’s two reportable operating segments operate in below main geographical areas, even though they are managed on a
   worldwide basis. Freight revenues from container transport and logistics are analysed based on the outbound cargoes of each
   geographical territory.

   The Group’s total assets mainly include container vessels and containers which are primarily utilised across geographical markets
   for shipment of cargoes throughout the world. Accordingly, non-current assets by geographical areas are not presented.


                                                                                                                                            Additions to
                                                                                                                                            non-current
       US$’000                                                                                                             Revenue                assets#
       Six months ended 30th June 2024
        Asia                                                                                                              3,665,092                26,090
        Europe                                                                                                              561,024                 1,143
        North and South America                                                                                             281,697                 1,084
        Australia and Africa                                                                                                137,763                    30
        Unallocated*                                                                                                              –               975,525

                                                                                                                          4,645,576             1,003,872

       Six months ended 30th June 2023
        Asia                                                                                                              3,073,899                21,400
        Europe                                                                                                              888,269                 6,727
        North America                                                                                                       400,753                 2,070
        Australia                                                                                                           177,760                    23
        Unallocated*                                                                                                              –               476,198

                                                                                                                          4,540,681               506,418

   #
          Additions to non-current assets comprise additions to property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, investment property and intangible assets.

   *      Unallocated additions to non-current assets comprise additions to container vessels and capitalised dry-docking costs, assets under construction,
          scrubbers and vessel equipment, containers and computer software costs.




                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited         Interim Report 2024               29
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


7. Operating profit
      US$’000                                                                                                 2024               2023
      Operating profit is arrived at after crediting:

      Interest income from banks                                                                           190,893            285,414
      Interest income from deposits in a fellow subsidiary                                                     972              1,137
      Interest income from investments at amortised cost                                                     1,343              1,583
      Gross rental income from an investment property                                                       11,476             12,656
      Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                     10,970              4,544
      Income from portfolio investments at fair value through profit or loss
         Fair value gain (realised and unrealised)                                                             500                 321
         Distribution                                                                                            5                 136
         Dividend income                                                                                       874                 566
      Exchange gain                                                                                          7,960               2,124

      and after charging:

      Fair value loss from an investment property                                                           50,000             10,792
      Loss on written-off of right-of-use assets                                                                18                413


8. Key management compensation
      US$’000                                                                                                 2024               2023
      Salaries, discretionary bonuses and other employee benefits                                            4,471             12,078
      Estimated money value of other benefits                                                                   55                 10
      Pension costs – defined contribution plans                                                               194                756
      Share-based compensation                                                                                   –                 36

                                                                                                             4,720             12,880

     The Group usually determines and pays discretionary bonuses to employees (including Directors) around middle of each year
     based on the actual financial results of the Group for the preceding year. The discretionary bonuses shown above represent actual
     payments to the Directors and individuals during the current financial period in relation to performance for the preceding year, if
     any.


9. Finance costs
      US$’000                                                                                                 2024               2023
      Interest expense
         Lease liabilities                                                                                  31,456             37,491
      Amount capitalised under assets under construction                                                   (21,480)           (21,759)

      Net interest expense                                                                                   9,976             15,732




30         Orient Overseas (International) Limited      Interim Report 2024
                                                                   Notes to the Interim Financial Information


10. Taxation
    US$’000                                                                                                   2024                2023
    Current taxation
      HKSAR profits tax                                                                                       (749)              (8,145)
      Non HKSAR taxation                                                                                    15,992               (1,187)

                                                                                                            15,243               (9,332)

    Deferred taxation
      HKSAR profits tax                                                                                         17                   –
      Non HKSAR taxation                                                                                   (18,785)              4,120

                                                                                                           (18,768)              4,120

                                                                                                            (3,525)              (5,212)

   Taxation has been provided at the appropriate tax rates prevailing in the countries/regions in which the Group operates on the
   estimated assessable profits for the period. These rates range from 5% to 39% (2023: 2.5% to 34.2%) and the rates applicable to
   the withholding tax for undistributed earnings of subsidiaries range from 5% to 30% (2023: 5% to 30%). The HKSAR profits tax
   for ocean freight transportation business is charged based on the relevant entity’s Hong Kong-sourced income (i.e. at a percentage
   of the total worldwide ocean freight transportation business profit) under the HKSAR tax incentive regime for international
   shipping businesses and at the applicable tax rate of 16.5% (2023: 16.5%).

   In December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development released the Pillar Two Model Rules (the
   Global Anti-Base Erosion Proposal, or “GloBE”) to reform international corporate taxation. Large multinational enterprises with
   consolidated revenue of over EUR750 million are subject to the rules. They are required to calculate their GloBE effective tax rate
   for each jurisdiction where they operate and will be liable to pay a minimum effective tax rate of 15%.

   The Group is within the scope of the GloBE. However, international shipping income and certain qualified ancillary international
   shipping income are excluded from the GloBE. Certain jurisdictions where the Group has operations, such as the United
   Kingdom, countries under the European Union, Australia and Canada, etc. have their Pillar Two legislation being effective in
   2024, but the Group has no material current tax exposures in respect of these jurisdictions for the six months ended 30th June
   2024.

   As the Group operates worldwide and the types of international shipping income and ancillary income covered by the exclusion
   are subject to complicated rules and restrictions, the Group would continue to assess the full impact of the rules, covering Hong
   Kong and other jurisdictions.


11. Earnings per ordinary share
   The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per ordinary share is based on the Group’s profit attributable to equity holders of the
   Company divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the period.

   The basic and diluted earnings per ordinary share are the same since there are no potential dilutive shares.


                                                                                                              2024                2023

    Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                                        660,373             660,373

    Group’s profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (US$’000)                                 833,277            1,128,733

    Earnings per share attributable to equity holders of the Company (US$)                                    1.26                 1.71




                                                              Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024           31
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


12. Dividends
      US$’000                                                                                                                  2024                    2023
      Interim dividend of US$0.63 (2023: US$0.69) per ordinary share                                                       416,035               455,658
      Special dividend of nil (2023: US$0.17) per ordinary share                                                                 –               112,263

                                                                                                                           416,035               567,921

     The final and second special dividends for 2023 of US$95.7 million and US$23.8 million respectively have been accounted for as
     an appropriation of retained profit in the six months ended 30th June 2024.

     For the six months ended 30th June 2024, the Board of Directors declares an interim dividend of US$0.63 (HK$4.914 at the
     exchange rate of US$1: HK$7.8) per ordinary share on 22nd August 2024.

     For the six months ended 30th June 2023, the Board of Directors declared an interim dividend of US$0.69 (HK$5.382 at the
     exchange rate of US$1: HK$7.8) per ordinary share and a special dividend of US$0.17 (HK$1.326 at the exchange rate of US$1:
     HK$7.8) per ordinary share on 18th August 2023. The 2023 interim and special dividends were paid on 11th October 2023.


13. Capital expenditure
                                                             Property,
                                                             plant and        Right-of-use         Investment            Intangible
      US$’000                                               equipment               assets           property                assets                Total
      Net book amounts
       At 1st January 2024                                   5,607,991           1,861,705              250,000                7,679          7,727,375
       Currency translation adjustments                           (505)             (2,652)                   –                   (4)            (3,161)
       Fair value loss                                               –                   –              (50,000)                   –            (50,000)
       Additions                                               772,590             230,818                    –                  464          1,003,872
       Reclassification, disposals/written off                 152,784            (174,004)                   –                    –            (21,220)
       Depreciation and amortisation                          (204,834)           (229,835)                   –               (2,125)          (436,794)

         At 30th June 2024                                   6,328,026           1,686,032              200,000                6,014          8,220,072

         At 1st January 2023                                  4,696,239           2,509,695             270,000               10,805          7,486,739
         Currency translation adjustments                        (1,374)             (2,122)                  –                  (12)            (3,508)
         Fair value loss                                              –                   –             (10,792)                   –            (10,792)
         Additions                                              467,833              37,241                 792                  552            506,418
         Reclassification, disposals/written off                240,081            (256,223)                  –                    –            (16,142)
         Depreciation and amortisation                         (189,606)           (237,229)                  –               (2,251)          (429,086)

         At 30th June 2023                                    5,213,173           2,051,362             260,000                9,094          7,533,629

     Note:

     During the six months ended 30th June 2024, construction of five (2023: two) vessels was completed and the vessels were delivered to the Group.




32           Orient Overseas (International) Limited       Interim Report 2024
                                                                  Notes to the Interim Financial Information


14. Debtors and prepayments
                                                                                                        30th June    31st December
       US$’000                                                                                               2024             2023
       Trade receivables
         Third parties                                                                                    466,902            328,616
         Joint ventures                                                                                     1,275                185
         Fellow subsidiaries                                                                                9,534              4,955
         Related companies                                                                                  1,561                878
       Less: Provision for impairment                                                                     (46,931)           (40,123)

       Trade receivables – net                                                                            432,341            294,511
       Other debtors*                                                                                     242,135            228,532
       Other prepayments                                                                                   84,164            150,260
       Utility and other deposits                                                                          14,864             14,878
       Amounts due from related parties
         Joint ventures                                                                                     1,741                  –
         Fellow subsidiaries                                                                               39,466             31,782
         Related companies                                                                                 19,672             23,249
                                                                                                          834,383            743,212

   *      The balance included slot hire receivable.

   Trade receivables are normally due for payment on presentation of invoices or granted with an approved credit period ranging
   mainly from 10 to 30 days. Debtors with overdue balances are requested to settle all outstanding balances before any further credit
   is granted.

   The ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables, net of provision for impairment, prepared in accordance with the dates of
   invoices, is as follows:


                                                                                                        30th June    31st December
       US$’000                                                                                               2024             2023
       Below 1 month                                                                                      358,298            231,170
       2 to 3 months                                                                                       66,380             56,742
       4 to 6 months                                                                                        6,832              5,464
       Over 6 months                                                                                          831              1,135

                                                                                                          432,341            294,511




                                                             Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024         33
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


15. Share capital
                                                                                                                   30th June        31st December
     US$’000                                                                                                            2024                 2023
     Authorised:
       900,000,000 ordinary shares of US$0.10 each                                                                     90,000                 90,000
       65,000,000 convertible redeemable preferred shares of US$1 each                                                 65,000                 65,000
       50,000,000 redeemable preferred shares of US$1 each                                                             50,000                 50,000

                                                                                                                      205,000               205,000

     Issued and fully paid:
        660,373,297 ordinary shares of US$0.10 each                                                                    66,037                 66,037


16. Reserves
                                                                     Employee                                   Foreign
                                                                   share-based                     Capital     exchange
                                                           Share compensation    Contributed   redemption    translation    Retained
     US$’000                                            premium        reserve       surplus       reserve       reserve       profit            Total
     At 1st January 2024                                 734,717        10,760        88,547        4,696       (32,536)   10,334,875       11,141,059
     Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the period          –             –             –            –        (3,538)      835,626          832,088
     Transactions with owners
        Employee share-based compensation                     –             14            –             –             –               –             14
        2023 final dividend                                   –              –            –             –             –         (95,754)       (95,754)
        2023 second special dividend                          –              –            –             –             –         (23,774)       (23,774)

     At 30th June 2024                                   734,717        10,774        88,547        4,696       (36,074)   11,050,973       11,853,633

     At 1st January 2023                                 734,717        10,628        88,547         4,696      (16,265)   12,547,638       13,369,961
     Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the period          –             –             –             –      (18,540)    1,128,109        1,109,569
     Transactions with owners
        Employee share-based compensation                     –            115            –             –             –             –               115
        2022 final dividend                                   –              –            –             –             –    (1,723,574)       (1,723,574)
        2022 second special dividend                          –              –            –             –             –    (1,287,728)       (1,287,728)

     At 30th June 2023                                   734,717        10,743        88,547         4,696      (34,805)   10,664,445       11,468,343


17. Lease liabilities
                                                                                                                   30th June        31st December
     US$’000                                                                                                            2024                 2023
     Non–current                                                                                                      801,648               919,370
     Current                                                                                                          505,748               518,868

                                                                                                                   1,307,396               1,438,238




34          Orient Overseas (International) Limited       Interim Report 2024
                                                                              Notes to the Interim Financial Information


18. Provision
   The Group entered into the Terminal Service Agreement (“TSA”) in October 2019 to which the Group committed to place, or
   procure the placement of an annual minimum number of vessel lifts in Long Beach Container Terminal (“LBCT”) for 20 years.
   Failure to meet the committed volume for each contract year would require certain level of deficiency payment as stipulated in the
   TSA.

   As at 30th June 2024, the Group reassessed the expected number of vessel lifts in LBCT for each of the remaining contract years
   with reference to future prospects of the market and its expected load factor. The overall economic environment in the USA is still
   highly uncertain, and it is expected that high inflation and interest rate environment would slow down the USA economy growth
   and would have some negative impact to the demand/import of the USA in the near future. As at 30th June 2024, with these
   uncertainties over such a long-term contract period, management reassessed that the projected vessel lifts in LBCT would result
   in a shortfall on minimum volume commitment over the remaining contract period. The Group estimated an onerous contract
   provision of US$916.7 million as at 30th June 2024 (31st December 2023: US$916.7 million).


19. Creditors and accruals
                                                                                                                   30th June    31st December
       US$’000                                                                                                          2024             2023
       Trade payables
         Third parties                                                                                               169,081             208,233
         Joint ventures                                                                                                1,350               1,169
         Fellow subsidiaries                                                                                          53,135              19,966
         Related companies                                                                                            20,877              30,590

                                                                                                                     244,443              259,958
       Other creditors                                                                                               158,737              175,639
       Accrued expenses*                                                                                           1,296,769            1,288,080
       Contract liabilities                                                                                           17,730               17,848
       Amounts due to related parties
         Joint ventures                                                                                                6,233               4,230
         Fellow subsidiaries                                                                                           9,718               4,457
         Related companies                                                                                               269                 304

                                                                                                                   1,733,899            1,750,516

   *      Accrued expenses mainly represent accrual for operating costs for container transport operation.

   The ageing analysis of the Group’s trade payables, prepared in accordance with the dates of invoices, is as follows:


                                                                                                                   30th June    31st December
       US$’000                                                                                                          2024             2023
       Below 1 month                                                                                                 198,387             188,639
       2 to 3 months                                                                                                  39,041              64,880
       4 to 6 months                                                                                                   2,864                 806
       Over 6 months                                                                                                   4,151               5,633

                                                                                                                     244,443             259,958




                                                                        Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024          35
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


20. Commitments
     (a) Capital commitments – Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                                     30th June    31st December
         US$’000                                                                                          2024             2023
         Contracted but not provided for
          Vessels under construction                                                                 2,591,413          3,206,360
          Others                                                                                        14,855              4,629

                                                                                                     2,606,268          3,210,989


     (b) Lease commitments
        The non-cancellable lease commitments include leases of low-value assets, short-term leases with a term of twelve months or
        less and long-term leases with a term of over twelve months not yet commenced at 30th June 2024.

        The future aggregate minimum lease payments of these leases are as follows:


                                                                                Vessels and          Land and
         US$’000                                                                equipment            buildings              Total
         At 30th June 2024
           Less than 1 year                                                           163,449            1,308           164,757
           Between 1 and 2 years                                                      121,551                –           121,551
           Between 2 and 5 years                                                      174,375                –           174,375
           Over 5 years                                                                 7,671                –             7,671

                                                                                      467,046            1,308           468,354

         At 31st December 2023
           Less than 1 year                                                           129,390              995           130,385
           Between 1 and 2 years                                                       79,538                –            79,538
           Between 2 and 5 years                                                      152,922                –           152,922
           Over 5 years                                                                16,134                –            16,134

                                                                                      377,984              995           378,979




36        Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024
                                                                    Notes to the Interim Financial Information


21. Significant related party transactions
    The Company is controlled by COSCO SHIPPING, the ultimate parent company of the Group and a state-owned enterprise
    established in the PRC.

    COSCO SHIPPING itself is controlled by the PRC government, which also owns a significant portion of the productive assets
    in the PRC. Government-related entities and their subsidiaries directly or indirectly controlled, jointly controlled or significantly
    influenced by the PRC government are defined as related parties of the Group. On that basis, related parties include COSCO
    SHIPPING and its subsidiaries (other than the Group) (collectively referred to as “COSCO SHIPPING Group”) and related
    entities of COSCO SHIPPING (including joint ventures and associated companies), other government-related entities and
    their subsidiaries, entities in which the Company is able to exercise joint control or significant influence, and key management
    personnel of the Company and COSCO SHIPPING as well as their close family members. The Group’s transactions with other
    government-related entities and their subsidiaries include but are not limited to rendering or receiving of services, purchases or
    sales of assets and receiving of bank deposit services. The detailed disclosures in relation to these transactions and outstanding
    balances are exempted. The Directors believe that the information of related party transactions has been adequately disclosed in
    the interim financial information.

    In addition to the related party information and transactions disclosed elsewhere in the interim financial information, the
    following is a summary of significant related party transactions conducted in the ordinary course of business between the Group
    and its related parties during the period.


    (a) Transactions with COSCO SHIPPING Group and related entities of COSCO SHIPPING
        (including joint ventures and associated companies)

          US$’000                                                                                              2024               2023
          Income
            Container transport income (note ii)                                                             93,717             48,803
            Freight forwarding income                                                                         9,260              3,215
            Terminal handling and storage income                                                                  –              2,080
            Service income
              Vessels                                                                                        68,493             43,158
              Containers                                                                                     13,557              6,317
            Information technology service income                                                            19,133             14,374
            Interest income                                                                                     972              1,137

          Expenses
            Cargo transportation costs                                                                       55,648             67,497
            Freight forwarding expenses                                                                      11,875              6,392
            Terminal charges (note iii)                                                                     130,475            119,674
            Expenses relating to short-term leases and leases with low-value assets
              Vessels                                                                                       102,375             74,422
              Containers                                                                                     35,833             24,254
              Land and buildings                                                                                404                408
            Slot hire expenses                                                                                3,425            186,520
            Purchase of bunker (note iv)                                                                    175,609            154,042
            Crew expenses                                                                                     1,405              1,131
            Service fee                                                                                         150                150

          Others
           Purchase of containers                                                                            73,391                184
           Instalments of vessels under construction                                                        617,311            366,640




                                                               Orient Overseas (International) Limited   Interim Report 2024          37
Notes to the Interim Financial Information


21. Significant related party transactions (Continued)
     (b) Transactions with joint ventures of the Group

               US$’000                                                                                                         2024                  2023
               Income
                 Container transport income                                                                                       95                    92

               Expenses
                 Cargo transportation costs                                                                                    7,821                 8,171


     (c) Transactions with other related parties

               US$’000                                                                                                         2024                  2023
               Income
                 Container transport income                                                                                       93                 1,378
                 Freight forwarding income                                                                                       372                   143
                 Terminal handling and storage income                                                                              –                   266

               Expenses
                 Cargo transportation costs                                                                                   9,391                10,186
                 Freight forwarding expenses                                                                                    415                   459
                 Terminal charges                                                                                            72,806                74,738
                 Expenses relating to short-term leases and leases with low-value assets
                   Vessels                                                                                                         –                     2
                   Containers                                                                                                     27                    43
                 Slot hire expenses                                                                                            1,961                     –
                 Crew expenses                                                                                                     –                     1


     (d) Transactions with state-owned banks
              As at 30th June 2024, approximately 60% (31st December 2023: 50%) of the Group’s bank balances are with state-owned
              banks.

     Notes:

     (i)      These transactions were conducted either (i) based on terms as governed by the master agreements and subsisting agreements entered into between
              the Group and COSCO SHIPPING Group or (ii) based on terms as set out in the underlying agreements, statutory rates or market prices or actual
              costs incurred, or as mutually agreed between the Group and the parties in concern.

     (ii)     Container transport income of US$20.8 million (2023: US$17.9 million) were transacted with the associated companies and joint ventures of
              COSCO SHIPPING during the six months ended 30th June 2024.

     (iii) Terminal charges of US$82.7 million (2023: US$82.8 million) were transacted with the associated companies and joint ventures of COSCO
           SHIPPING during the six months ended 30th June 2024.

     (iv)     Bunker of US$96.9 million (2023: US$88.4 million) was purchased from a joint venture of COSCO SHIPPING during the six months ended 30th
              June 2024.




38             Orient Overseas (International) Limited       Interim Report 2024
